<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1052752_0000950170-23-004172.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>62726958</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>960182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3880940</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>34308091</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6442454</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15382032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004172.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223171940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004172
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GETTY REALTY CORP /MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001052752
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				113412575
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13777
		FILM NUMBER:		23661048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		292 MADISON AVENUE, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017-6318
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-349-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		292 MADISON AVENUE, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017-6318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004172.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 gty-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates (based on 41,843,833 shares of common stock at a closing price per share of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange at 26.50) of the Company was as of June 30, 2022. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of February 23, 2023. 

Auditor s PCAOB ID Number: 
 
 Auditor s Name: 
 
 Auditor s Location 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 3 

PART I 

1 
 
 Business 
 
 5 

1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 

1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 

2 
 
 Properties 
 
 24 

3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 

4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 

PART II 

5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

6 
 
 Reserved 
 
 31 

7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 32 

7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 45 

8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 46 

9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 74 

9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 74 

9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 74 

9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 74 

PART III 

10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 75 

11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 75 

12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 75 

13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 75 

14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 75 

PART IV 

15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 76 

16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 76 

Exhibit Index 
 
 96 

Signatures 
 
 101 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Statements preceded by, followed by, or that otherwise include the words believes, expects, seeks, plans, projects, estimates, anticipates, predicts and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may and could are generally forward-looking in nature and are not historical facts. (All capitalized and undefined terms used in this section shall have the same meanings hereafter defined in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.) 
 Examples of forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, our statements regarding our network of convenience stores, express tunnel car washes, automotive service centers, automotive parts retailers, and certain other freestanding retailers, including drive-thru quick service restaurants; substantial compliance of our properties with federal, state and local provisions enacted or adopted pertaining to environmental matters; the effects of U.S. federal tax reform and other legislative, regulatory and administrative developments; the impact of existing legislation and regulations on our competitive position; our prospective future environmental liabilities, including those resulting from preexisting unknown environmental contamination; the impact of COVID-19 on our business and results of operations; quantifiable trends, which we believe allow us to make reasonable estimates of fair value for the future costs of environmental remediation resulting from the removal and replacement of USTs; the impact of our redevelopment efforts related to certain of our properties; the amount of revenue we expect to realize from our properties; our belief that our owned and leased properties are adequately covered by casualty and liability insurance; our workplace demographics, recruiting efforts, and employee compensation program; FFO and AFFO as measures that represent our core operating performance and its utility in comparing our core operating performance between periods; the reasonableness of our estimates, judgments, projections and assumptions used regarding our accounting policies and methods; our critical accounting policies; our exposure and liability due to and our accruals, estimates and assumptions regarding our environmental liabilities and remediation costs; loan loss reserves or allowances; our belief that our accruals for environmental and litigation matters, including matters related to our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal and the Lower Passaic River, our MTBE multi-district litigation cases in the states of Pennsylvania and Maryland, were appropriate based on the information then available; our claims for reimbursement of monies expended in the defense and settlement of certain MTBE cases under pollution insurance policies; compliance with federal, state and local provisions enacted or adopted pertaining to environmental matters; our beliefs about the settlement proposals we receive and the probable outcome of litigation or regulatory actions and their impact on us; our expected recoveries from UST funds; our indemnification obligations and the indemnification obligations of others; our investment strategy and its impact on our financial performance; the adequacy of our current and anticipated cash flows from operations, borrowings under our Second Restated Credit Agreement and available cash and cash equivalents; our continued compliance with the covenants in our Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes; our belief that certain environmental liabilities can be allocated to others under various agreements; our belief that our real estate assets are not carried at amounts in excess of their estimated net realizable fair value amounts; our beliefs regarding our properties, including their alternative uses and our ability to sell or lease our vacant properties over time; and our ability to maintain our federal tax status as a REIT. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and assumptions and information currently available to us, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and were derived utilizing numerous important assumptions that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors and assumptions involved in the derivation of forward-looking statements, and the failure of such other assumptions to be realized as well as other factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally beyond our control. These factors and assumptions may have an impact on the continued accuracy of any forward-looking statements that we make. 
 Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our public filings, and risks associated with: complying with environmental laws and regulations and the costs associated with complying with such laws and regulations; substantially all of our tenants depending on the same industry for their revenues; the creditworthiness of our tenants; our tenants compliance with their lease obligations; renewal of existing leases and our ability to either re-lease or sell properties; our dependence on external sources of capital; counterparty risks; the uncertainty of our estimates, judgments, projections and assumptions associated with our accounting policies and methods; our ability to successfully manage our investment strategy; potential future acquisitions and redevelopment opportunities; changes in interest rates and our ability to manage or mitigate this risk effectively; owning and leasing real estate; our business operations generating sufficient cash for distributions or debt service; adverse developments in general business, economic or political conditions; adverse effect of inflation; federal tax reform; property taxes; potential exposure related to pending lawsuits and claims; owning real estate primarily concentrated in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States; competition in our industry; the adequacy of our insurance coverage and that of our tenants; failure to qualify as a REIT; dilution as a result of future issuances of equity securities; our dividend policy, ability to pay dividends and changes to our dividend policy; changes in market conditions; provisions in our corporate charter and by-laws; Maryland law discouraging a third-party takeover; 
 3 

adverse effects of the transition from LIBOR; the loss of a member or members of our management team or Board of Directors; changes in accounting standards; future impairment charges; terrorist attacks and other acts of violence and war; our information systems; failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; and negative impacts from the continued presence of COVID-19, including on the global economy or on our tenants businesses, financial position, or results of operations. 
 As a result of these and other factors, we may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, our growth or reinvestment strategies, our ability to pay dividends or stock price. An investment in our stock involves various risks, including those mentioned above and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those that are described from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 
 You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our view only as of the date hereof. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless required by law. For any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 4 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Profile 
 Getty Realty Corp. Getty Realty (NYSE: GTY), a Maryland corporation, is a publicly traded, net lease real estate investment trust REIT specializing in the acquisition, financing and development of convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. Our predecessor was originally founded in 1955 and our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE in 1997. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the Company, we, us, and our as used herein refer to Getty Realty and its owned and controlled subsidiaries. 
 Our portfolio includes convenience stores, car wash properties, automotive service centers (gasoline and repair, oil and maintenance, tire and battery, and collision), automotive parts retailers, and certain other freestanding retail properties, including drive-thru quick service restaurants. Our 1,039 properties as of December 31, 2022 are located in 38 states and Washington, D.C., and our tenants operate under a variety of national and regional brands. We are internally managed by our management team, which has extensive experience acquiring, financing, developing and managing convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. 
 We elected to be treated as a REIT under the federal income tax laws beginning January 1, 2001. The Internal Revenue Code permits a qualifying REIT to deduct dividends paid, thereby effectively eliminating corporate level federal income tax and making the REIT a pass-through vehicle for federal income tax purposes if certain REIT qualifications are met. To meet the applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, a REIT must, among other things, invest substantially all of its assets in interests in real estate (including mortgages and other REITs) or cash and government securities, derive most of its income from rents from real property or interest on loans secured by mortgages on real property, and distribute to stockholders annually a substantial portion of its taxable income. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our stockholders each year and would be subject to corporate level federal income taxes on any taxable income that is not distributed. 
 Our company is headquartered in New York, New York and as of February 23, 2023, we had 32 employees. 
 Recent Developments 
 Our investment strategy is predicated on the belief that automobility will remain the dominant form of consumer transportation in the United States and that mobile consumers increasingly prioritize convenience, speed, and service. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to grow and diversify our investments in convenience, automotive and other freestanding retail properties through fee simple acquisitions and construction loan advances for new-to-industry developments. We were also active raising capital to fund our investment activity through the issuance of new senior unsecured notes, and by entering into forward agreements to sell common shares through our at-the-market equity offering program. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 157.5 million across 52 properties, including the acquisition of fee simple interests in 40 properties for an aggregate purchase price of 137.3 million. The properties we acquired included nine convenience stores, 16 car wash properties, 14 automotive services centers and one drive-thru quick service restaurant. In addition, we advanced construction loans in the amount of 20.2 million, including accrued interest, for the development of 12 new-to-industry convenience stores and car wash properties. In total, convenience stores represented approximately 30 of our investment activity during the year, while other convenience and automotive retail properties made up the remaining 70 of our investments. We also added four new tenants to our portfolio, expanded our relationships with several existing tenants, and added or increased exposure to a number of attractive metropolitan areas, including Austin, Charleston (SC), Charlotte, Las Vegas, and San Antonio. For additional information regarding our property acquisitions see Note 12 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 24 properties that generated gross proceeds of approximately 26.0 million and reduced our exposure to certain property types, tenants, and geographies that no longer met our long-term investment criteria. For additional information regarding our property dispositions see Note 11 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 In February 2022, we closed on the private placement of 225.0 million of new senior unsecured notes, including (i) 100.0 million of 3.45 notes that funded at closing and mature in February 2032, and (ii) 125.0 million of 3.65 notes that funded in January 2023 and mature in January 2033. Proceeds from the notes funded at closing were used to repay all amounts then outstanding under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, including to fund investment activity. Proceeds from the delayed funding notes were used to prepay 75.0 million of 5.35 senior unsecured notes maturing in June 2023 and for general corporate purposes, including to fund investment activity. For additional information regarding our senior unsecured notes see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 4 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 5 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into forward sale agreements to sell an aggregate of 3.7 million shares of common stock for anticipated gross proceeds of 117.6 million through our at-the-market equity offering program. No shares were settled during the year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information regarding our ATM Program see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 7 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Our Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 1,039 properties, of which we owned 997 properties and leased 42 properties from third-party landlords. Our properties are located in 38 states and Washington D.C. and includes a concentration in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions that we believe is unique and not readily available for purchase or lease from other owners or landlords. Our typical property consists of approximately one acre of land in a larger metropolitan area and is used as a convenience store, express tunnel car wash, automotive service center, automotive parts retailer, or certain other freestanding retailers, including drive-thru quick service restaurants. Many of our properties are located at highly trafficked urban intersections or conveniently close to highway entrances or exit ramps. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased 1,034 of our properties to tenants under triple-net leases, including 866 properties leased under 37 separate unitary or master triple-net leases, and 168 properties leased under single unit triple-net leases. These leases generally provide for an initial term of 15 or 20 years, with options for successive renewal terms of up to 20 years, and periodic rent escalations. As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average remaining lease term, excluding renewal options, was 8.8 years. 
 Substantially all of our properties are leased to convenience store operators, petroleum distributors, car wash operators and other automotive-related and retail tenants. Our tenants either operate their business at our properties directly or, in the case of certain convenience stores and gasoline and repair stations, sublet our properties and supply fuel to third parties that operate the businesses. For additional information regarding risks related to our tenants dependence on the performance of the industry, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Significant number of our tenants depend on the same industry for their revenues in this Form 10-K. 
 Our triple-net lease tenants are responsible for the payment of all taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and other operating expenses relating to our properties, and are also responsible for environmental contamination occurring during the terms of their leases and in certain cases also for environmental contamination that existed before their leases commenced. For additional information regarding our environmental obligations, see Note 5 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were also actively redeveloping three of our properties as new convenience stores or for alternative single tenant retail uses, and two of our properties were vacant. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 32 full-time employees, all of which are located in our New York office. 
 We are dedicated to conducting our business consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. Our Business Conduct Guidelines and Employee Handbook govern our standards and policies with respect to our people, our partners, our health and safety, and our IT security. 
 We aim to maintain a workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. We conduct annual training to prevent harassment and discrimination and monitor employee conduct year-round. 
 We prioritize empathy and flexibility to support the safety, health, and security of each member of our team and ensure they are able to meet their personal and family needs, as well as their professional goals. In 2022, we implemented a permanent hybrid work schedule, allowing team members to work from home two days per week while maintaining COVID-related policies that support the overall health and wellness of our people and our office space. 
 We appreciate the important role that our team and the Company play in the communities in which we live and operate. We support individual volunteerism and provide team members with work schedule flexibility to support causes and organizations that are meaningful to them. In 2022, we implemented our Getty Gives program to facilitate volunteerism and charitable contributions in support of our communities and other causes meaningful to our team members. We also launched a pro bono legal services program to benefit communities in need and provide opportunities for personal philanthropic fulfillment. 
 We participate in annual performance reviews with our employees and hold periodic meetings with employees to gather feedback, discuss opportunities to participate in various professional development programs, and improve the overall employee experience. Our recruiting efforts, compensation and advancement are all based on qualifications, performance, skills and experience. We continue to emphasize employee development and training and our employees are offered regular opportunities to participate in formal and informal professional development through in-person training and online learning resources. We also support and pay for 
 6 

external education classes and seminars requested by our employees if doing so will advance their work-related skills or professional development. 
 We believe that our employees are fairly compensated, without regard to gender, race and ethnicity, and are routinely recognized for outstanding performance. Our compensation program is designed to attract and retain talent, and includes the employee benefit plans described in Note 8 Employee Benefit Plan included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continually assess and strive to enhance employee satisfaction and engagement. Our employees, many of whom have a long tenure with the Company, frequently express satisfaction with management and, in the opinion of management, our relations with our employees are good. 
 Investment Strategy and Activity 
 As part of our strategy to grow and diversify our portfolio, we regularly review acquisition and financing opportunities to invest in additional convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. We primarily pursue sale leaseback transactions with existing and prospective tenants and will pursue other transactions, including forward commitments to acquire new-to-industry construction and the acquisition of assets with in-place leases, that result in us owning fee simple interests in our properties. Our investment activities may also include purchase money financing with respect to properties we sell, real property loans relating to our leasehold properties and construction loans. Our investment strategy seeks to generate current income and benefit from long-term appreciation in the underlying value of our real estate. To achieve that goal, we seek to invest in well-located, freestanding properties that support automobility and provide convenience and service to consumers in major markets across the country. A key element of our investment strategy is to invest in properties that will enhance our property type, tenant, and geographic diversification. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 157.5 million across 52 properties, including the acquisition of fee simple interests in 40 properties for an aggregate purchase price of 137.3 million. The properties we acquired included nine convenience stores, 16 car wash properties, 14 automotive services centers and one drive-thru quick service restaurant. We also advanced construction loans in the amount of 20.2 million, including accrued interest, for the development of 12 new-to-industry convenience stores and car wash properties. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested 200.0 million across 100 properties, including the acquisition of fee simple interests in 97 properties for an aggregate purchase price of 194.3 million. The properties we acquired included 25 convenience stores, 17 car wash properties, 54 automotive services centers and one drive-thru quick service restaurant. We also advanced construction loans in the amount of 5.7 million, including accrued interest, for the development of three new-to-industry convenience stores. 
 For additional information regarding our property acquisitions, see Note 12 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Over the last five years, we have acquired 239 properties, including single property and portfolio transactions located in various states, for an aggregate purchase price of 646.7 million. 
 Redevelopment Strategy and Activity 
 We believe that certain of our properties, primarily those currently being used as gas and repair businesses, are well-suited to be redeveloped as new convenience stores or other single tenant retail uses, such as automotive parts, quick service restaurants, bank branches and specialty retail. We believe that the redeveloped properties can be leased or sold at higher values than their current use. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, rent commenced on two and five completed redevelopment projects, respectively, that were placed back into service in our net lease portfolio. Since the inception of our redevelopment program in 2015, we have completed 26 redevelopment projects. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 0.1 million (net of write-offs) of construction-in-progress costs related to our redevelopment activities and transferred 36 thousand of construction-in-progress to buildings and improvements on our consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we spent 0.3 million (net of write-offs) of construction-in-progress costs related to our redevelopment activities and transferred 0.4 million of construction-in-progress to buildings and improvements on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had three properties under active redevelopment and others in various stages of feasibility planning for potential recapture from our net lease portfolio, including one property for which we have signed a new lease and which will be transferred to redevelopment when the appropriate entitlements, permits and approvals have been secured. 
 Competition 
 The single tenant net lease retail real estate sector in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect major investors with significant capital will continue to compete with us for attractive acquisition opportunities. These competitors include publicly-traded and non-traded REITs, public and private investment funds, petroleum manufacturing, distributing and marketing companies, and other institutional and individual investors. 
 7 

Trademarks 
 We own the Getty name and trademark in connection with our real estate and the petroleum marketing business in the United States and we permit certain of our tenants to use the Getty trademark at properties that they lease from us. 
 Regulation 
 Our properties are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations including matters related to the protection of the environment such as the remediation of known contamination and the retirement and decommissioning or removal of long-lived assets including buildings containing hazardous materials, USTs and other equipment. These laws include: (i) requirements to report to governmental authorities discharges of petroleum products into the environment and, under certain circumstances, to remediate soil and groundwater contamination, including pursuant to governmental order and directive, (ii) requirements to remove and replace USTs that have exceeded governmental-mandated age limitations and (iii) the requirement to provide a certificate of financial responsibility with respect to potential claims relating to UST failures. Our triple-net lease tenants are directly responsible for compliance with environmental laws and regulations with respect to their operations at our properties. 
 We believe that our properties are in substantial compliance with federal, state and local provisions pertaining to environmental matters. Although we are unable to predict what legislation or regulations may be adopted in the future with respect to environmental protection and waste disposal, we do not believe that existing legislation and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our competitive position. For additional information regarding pending environmental lawsuits and claims, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this Form 10-K. 
 For substantially all of our triple-net leases, our tenants are contractually responsible for compliance with environmental laws and regulations, removal of USTs at the end of their lease term (the cost of which in certain cases is partially borne by us) and remediation of any environmental contamination that arises during the term of their tenancy. Under substantially all of our triple-net leases, contractual responsibility for remediation of all environmental contamination discovered during the term of the lease (including known and unknown contamination that existed prior to commencement of the lease) is the responsibility of our tenant. 
 For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Liquidity and Capital Resources, Environmental Matters and Contractual Obligations in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 5 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 In addition to the numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations to which are properties are subject, we elected to be treated as a REIT under the federal income tax laws beginning January 1, 2001. Accordingly, we are subject to compliance with the applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code concerning REITs, including that a REIT must, among other things, invest substantially all of its assets in interests in real estate (including mortgages and other REITs) or cash and government securities, derive most of its income from rents from real property or interest on loans secured by mortgages on real property, and distribute to stockholders annually a substantial portion of its taxable income. For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 6 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Climate Change 
 As an organization, we are committed to the protection of our assets, communities, and the environment. We emphasize sustainability at our new corporate headquarters where we utilize energy efficient computer equipment, filtered water machines, and timed or sensor-controlled HVAC and lighting systems, among other sustainability practices. In 2022, we began tracking our environmental footprint within our leased corporate office space including monitoring monthly energy usage, recycling efforts, and waste disposal. With our landlord s support, we will work to construct a full picture of our environmental footprint, maximize diversion of recyclable waste in accordance with local regulations, and implement energy conservation measures in our leased space as appropriate and feasible. 
 Under our triple-net leases, tenants are responsible for operating the businesses conducted at our sites, keeping the properties in good order and repair, and making capital investments as they deem appropriate to optimize their business operations. As such, it is our tenants who control the environmental impact of their operations, including energy efficiency, water usage, and waste and recycling practices, and decide when and how to adopt environmentally sustainable practices and make related investments. 
 We are pleased that many of our tenants have already completed environmental and sustainability projects, including upgrading to LED lighting, installing energy efficient coolers and HVAC units, and, in select cases, installing electric vehicle (EV) charging stations at our properties. We appreciate that many of our tenants have completed these green projects with their own capital and/or have taken advantage of government and other subsidies for qualifying renewable energy technologies and projects. As part of our commitment to Environmental, Social, and Governance matters, in 2022 we implemented our Getty Green Loans program to provide low-cost loans to our tenants for the express purpose of investing in environmental and sustainability projects. 
 As discussed above, we also maintain a robust redevelopment program that repositions select properties within our portfolio to uses other than traditional gas stations, including modern convenience stores or alternative property uses such as automotive parts retailers, quick service restaurants, and multifamily residential buildings, among others. We continue to look for opportunities within 
 8 

our portfolio to redevelop properties for less environmentally sensitive uses and to support economic growth in communities where our properties are located. 
 For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Environmental Matters in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. 
 Additional Information 
 Our website address is www.gettyrealty.com. Information available on our website shall not be deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 Our website also contains our business conduct guidelines Code of Ethics ), corporate governance guidelines and the charters of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees of our Board of Directors. We intend to make available on our website any future amendments or waivers to our Code of Ethics within four business days after any such amendments or waivers become effective. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We are subject to various risks, many of which are beyond our control. As a result of these and other factors, we may experience material fluctuations in our future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. An investment in our stock involves various risks, including those mentioned below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those that are described from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those risks and uncertainties discussed at-length below, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 The risks inherent in owning or leasing real estate. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive. 

Our future cash flow is dependent on the performance of our tenants of their lease obligations, renewal of existing leases and either re-leasing or selling our properties. 

Significant number of our tenants depend on the same industry for their revenues. 

It may be difficult for our investors to determine the creditworthiness of our tenants. 

An increase in costs and liability accruals as a result of environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 

We are defending pending lawsuits and claims that may subject us to material losses. 

We may be subject to losses that may not be covered by insurance. 

The concentration of a significant number of our properties in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, and adverse conditions in those regions, in particular, could negatively impact our operations. 

Property taxes on our properties may increase without notice. 

Our business operations may not generate sufficient cash for distributions or debt service. 

Adverse developments in general business, economic or political conditions could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the market on which our common stock trades, the markets in which we operate, our operations and our results of operations (including the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related impact on macroeconomic conditions as a result of such conflict). 

Our exposure to counterparty risk. 

9 

Inflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 

Our accounting policies and methods require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification made by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB or changes in accounting standards may adversely affect our reported revenues, profitability or financial position. 

If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results. 

Our reliance on certain members of our management team or Board of Directors, the loss of any one of which could adversely affect our business or the market price of our common stock. 

Our reliance on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. 

Our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be impacted by the continued presence of COVID-19. 

Risks Related to Financing Our Business 
 Our dependency on external sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. 

Interest rate risk and our ability to manage or mitigate this risk effectively. 

Adverse effects by the transition from LIBOR. 

Risks Related to Our Investment Strategy 
 We may not be able to successfully implement our investment strategy. 

We expect to acquire new properties and this may create risks. 

We are pursuing redevelopment opportunities and this creates risks to our Company. 

Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 The failure to qualify as a REIT under the federal income tax laws would have adverse consequences to our stockholders. Uncertain tax matters may have a significant impact on the results of operations for any single fiscal year or interim period or may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 

The uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the cash that we might receive from cash settlement of a forward sale agreement under our ATM Program could jeopardize our ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. 

A risk of changes in the tax law applicable to REITs. 

U.S. federal tax reform legislation could affect REITs generally, our tenants, the markets in which we operate, the price of our common stock and our results of operations. 

In order to preserve our REIT status, our charter limits the number of shares a person may own, which may discourage a takeover that could result in a premium price for our common stock or otherwise benefit our stockholders. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our publicly traded common stock. 

Changes in our dividend policy and the dividends we pay may be subject to significant volatility. 

Our forward sale agreement under our ATM Program could result in substantial dilution to our earnings per share and return on equity or result in substantial cash payment obligations. 

In case of our bankruptcy or insolvency, any forward sale agreement that is in effect under our ATM Program will automatically terminate, and we would not receive the expected proceeds. 

Future issuances of equity securities could dilute the interest of holders of our equity securities. 

Maryland law may discourage a third-party from acquiring us. 

10 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We are subject to risks inherent in owning and leasing real estate. 
 We are subject to varying degrees of risk generally related to leasing and owning real estate, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to general risks applicable to us, our risks include, among others: our liability as a lessee for long-term lease obligations regardless of our revenues; deterioration in national, regional and local economic and real estate market conditions; potential changes in supply of, or demand for, rental properties similar to ours; competition for tenants and declining rental rates; difficulty in selling or re-leasing properties on favorable terms or at all; impairments in our ability to collect rent or other payments due to us when they are due; increases in interest rates and adverse changes in the availability, cost and terms of financing; uninsured property liability; the impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws; adverse changes in zoning laws and other regulations; acts of terrorism and war; acts of God; the unforeseen impacts of climate change, compliance with any future laws or regulations designed to prevent or mitigate the impacts of climate change, and any material costs related thereto; the potential risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time the need to periodically renovate and repair our properties; and physical or weather-related damage to our properties. Certain significant expenditures generally do not change in response to economic or other conditions, including: (i) debt service, (ii) real estate taxes, (iii) environmental remediation costs and (iv) operating and maintenance costs. The combination of variable revenue and relatively fixed expenditures may result, under certain market conditions, in reduced earnings and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Each of the factors listed above could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. In addition, real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which means that our ability to vary our portfolio of properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited. 
 We are in a competitive business. 
 The real estate industry is highly competitive. Where we own properties, we compete for tenants with a large number of real estate property owners and other companies that sublet properties. Our principal means of competition are rents we are able to charge in relation to the income producing potential of the location. In addition, we expect other major real estate investors, some with much greater financial resources or more experienced personnel than we have, will compete with us for attractive acquisition opportunities. These competitors include petroleum manufacturing, distributing and marketing companies, convenience store retailers, other REITs, public and private investment funds, and other individual and institutional investors. This competition has increased prices for properties we seek to acquire and may impair our ability to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms in the future. 
 Our future cash flow is dependent on the performance of our tenants of their lease obligations, renewal of existing leases and either re-leasing or selling our properties. 
 We are subject to risks that financial distress, default or bankruptcy of our tenants may lead to vacancy at our properties or disruption in rent receipts as a result of partial payment or nonpayment of rent or that expiring leases may not be renewed. Under unfavorable general economic conditions, there can be no assurance that our tenants level of sales and financial performance generally will not be adversely affected, which in turn could negatively impact our rental revenues. We are subject to risks that the terms governing renewal or re-leasing of our properties (including, compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, such as the remediation of contamination and the retirement and decommissioning or removal of long-lived assets, the cost of required renovations, or replacement of USTs and related equipment) may be less favorable than current lease terms. 
 We are also subject to the risk that we may receive less net proceeds from the properties we sell as compared to their current carrying value or that the value of our properties may be adversely affected by unfavorable general economic conditions. Unfavorable general economic conditions may also negatively impact our ability to re-lease or sell our properties. Numerous properties compete with our properties in attracting tenants to lease space. The number of available or competitive properties in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease or sell our properties and on the rents we are able to charge. In addition to the risk of disruption in rent receipts, we are subject to the risk of incurring real estate taxes, maintenance, environmental and other expenses at vacant properties. The financial distress, default or bankruptcy of our tenants may also lead to protracted and expensive processes for retaking control of our properties than would otherwise be the case, including, eviction or other legal proceedings related to or resulting from the tenant s default. These risks are greater with respect to certain of our tenants who lease multiple properties from us. If a tenant files for bankruptcy protection it is possible that we would recover substantially less than the full value of our claims against the tenant. If (i) our tenants do not perform their lease obligations, (ii) we are unable to renew existing leases and promptly recapture and re-lease or sell our properties, (iii) lease terms upon renewal or re-leasing are less favorable than current or historical lease terms, (iv) the values of properties that we sell are adversely affected by market conditions, or (v) we incur significant costs or disruption related to or resulting from tenant financial distress, default or bankruptcy, then our cash flow could be significantly adversely affected. 
 11 

Significant number of our tenants depend on the same industry for their revenues. 
 We derive significant portion of our revenues from leasing, primarily on a triple-net basis, and financing convenience store and gasoline station properties to tenants in the petroleum marketing industry. Accordingly, significant portion of our revenues depend on the economic success of the petroleum marketing industry, and any factors that adversely affect that industry, such as disruption in the supply of petroleum or a decrease in the demand for conventional motor fuels due to conservation, technological advancements in petroleum-fueled motor vehicles or an increase in the use of, and consumer demand for, alternative fuel, electric and battery-operated vehicles, or other green technologies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. Similarly, governmental regulations regarding climate change and the greenhouse gas emissions may accelerate these trends that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. The success of participants in the petroleum marketing industry depends upon the sale of refined petroleum products at margins in excess of fixed and variable expenses. The petroleum marketing industry is highly competitive and volatile. Petroleum products are commodities, the prices of which depend on numerous factors that affect supply and demand. The prices paid by our tenants and other petroleum marketers for products are affected by global, national and regional factors. A large, rapid increase in wholesale petroleum prices would adversely affect the profitability and cash flows of our tenants if the increased cost of petroleum products could not be passed on to their customers or if automobile consumption of gasoline was to decline significantly. We cannot be certain as to how these factors will affect petroleum product prices or supply in the future, or how in particular they will affect our tenants. 
 Because certain of our tenants are not rated and their financial information is not available to you, it may be difficult for our investors to determine their creditworthiness. 
 The majority of our properties are leased to tenants who are not rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. In addition, our tenants financial information is not generally available to our investors. Additionally, many of our tenants are part of larger corporate organizations and we do not receive financial information for the other entities in those organizations. The financial distress of other affiliated companies or businesses in those organizations may negatively impact the ability or willingness of our tenant to perform its obligations under its lease with us. Because of the lack of financial information or credit ratings it is, therefore, difficult for our investors to assess the creditworthiness of our tenants and to determine the ability of our tenants to meet their obligations to us. It is possible that the assumptions and estimates we make after reviewing publicly and privately obtained information about our tenants are not accurate and that we may be required to increase reserves for bad debts, record allowances for deferred rent receivable or record additional expenses if our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations to us. 
 We incur significant operating costs and, from time to time, may have significant liability accruals as a result of environmental laws and regulations, which costs and accruals could significantly increase, and reduce our profitability or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, including matters relating to the protection of the environment. Under certain environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at, on, or under, such property, and may be required to investigate and clean-up such contamination. Such laws typically impose liability and clean-up responsibility first on the party responsible for the contamination, but can also impose liability and clean-up responsibility on the owner and the current operator without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants, or the timing or cause of the contamination. Liability under such environmental laws has been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of responsibility and the financial resources are available to perform the remediation. For example, liability may arise as a result of the historical use of a property or from the migration of contamination from adjacent or nearby properties. Any such contamination or liability may also reduce the value of the property. In addition, the owner or operator of a property may be subject to claims by third-parties based on injury, damage and/or costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from environmental contamination present at or emanating from a property. We cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations may be enacted in the future, or how existing laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted with respect to products or activities to which they have not previously been applied. Additionally, compliance with more stringent laws or regulations, as well as more vigorous enforcement policies of the regulatory agencies or stricter interpretation of existing laws, which may develop in the future, could have an adverse effect on our financial position, or that of our tenants, and could require substantial additional expenditures for future remediation. Accordingly, compliance with environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 The majority of the properties owned or controlled by us are leased as convenience store and gasoline station properties, and therefore may contain, or may have contained, USTs for the storage of petroleum products and other hazardous or toxic substances, which creates a potential for the release of such products or substances. Some of our properties are subject to regulations regarding the retirement and decommissioning or removal of long-lived assets including buildings containing hazardous materials, USTs and other equipment. Some of the properties may be adjacent to or near properties that have contained or currently contain USTs used to store petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, certain of the properties are on, adjacent to, or near properties 
 12 

upon which others have engaged or may in the future engage in activities that may release petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. There may be other environmental problems associated with our properties of which we are unaware. These problems may make it more difficult for us to re-lease or sell our properties on favorable terms, or at all. 
 We enter into leases and various other agreements which contractually allocate responsibility between the parties for known and unknown environmental liabilities at or relating to the subject properties. Under applicable laws, we are contingently liable for these environmental obligations in the event that our tenant does not satisfy them, and we are required to accrue for environmental liabilities that we believe are allocable to others under our leases if we determine that it is probable that our tenant will not meet its environmental obligations. It is possible that our assumptions regarding the ultimate allocation method and share of responsibility that we used to allocate environmental liabilities may change, which may result in material adjustments to the amounts recorded for environmental litigation accruals and environmental remediation liabilities. We assess whether to accrue for environmental liabilities based upon relevant factors including our tenants histories of paying for such obligations, our assessment of their financial capability, and their intent to pay for such obligations. However, there can be no assurance that our assessments are correct or that our tenants who have paid their obligations in the past will continue to do so. We may ultimately be responsible to pay for environmental liabilities as the property owner if our tenant fails to pay them. The ultimate resolution of these matters could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 For substantially all of our triple-net leases, our tenants are contractually responsible for compliance with environmental laws and regulations, removal of USTs at the end of their lease term (the cost of which in certain cases is partially borne by us) and remediation of any environmental contamination that arises during the term of their tenancy. Under the terms of our leases covering properties previously leased to Marketing (substantially all of which commenced in 2012), we agreed to be responsible for environmental contamination at the premises that was known at the time the lease commenced, and for environmental contamination which existed prior to commencement of the lease and is discovered (other than as a result of a voluntary site investigation) during the first 10 years of the lease term (or a shorter period for a minority of such leases). Substantially all of these 10-year (or, in certain cases, shorter) look back periods have now expired, therefore responsibility for all newly discovered contamination, even if it relates to periods prior to commencement of these leases, is contractually allocated to our tenant. Our tenants at properties previously leased to Marketing are in all cases contractually responsible for the cost of any remediation of contamination that results from their use and occupancy of our properties. Under substantially all of our other triple-net leases (i.e., leases covering properties not previously leased to Marketing), contractual responsibility for remediation of all environmental contamination discovered during the term of the lease (including known and unknown contamination that existed prior to commencement of the lease) is the responsibility of our tenant. 
 For additional information regarding pending environmental lawsuits and claims, and environmental remediation obligations and estimates, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings , Environmental Matters in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Notes 3 and 5 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Environmental exposures are difficult to assess and estimate for numerous reasons, including the amount of data available upon initial assessment of contamination, alternative treatment methods that may be applied, location of the property which subjects it to differing local laws and regulations and their interpretations, changes in costs associated with environmental remediation services and equipment, the availability of state UST remediation funds and the possibility of existing legal claims giving rise to allocation of responsibilities to others, as well as the time it takes to remediate contamination and receive regulatory approval. In developing our liability for estimated environmental remediation obligations on a property by property basis, we consider, among other things, laws and regulations, assessments of contamination and surrounding geology, quality of information available, currently available technologies for treatment, alternative methods of remediation and prior experience. Environmental accruals are based on estimates derived upon facts known to us at this time, which are subject to significant change as circumstances change, and as environmental contingencies become more clearly defined and reasonably estimable. 
 We cannot predict if state UST fund programs will be administered and funded in the future in a manner that is consistent with past practices and if future environmental spending will continue to be eligible for reimbursement at historical recovery rates under these programs. As a result, our estimates in respect of recoveries from state UST remediation funds could change, which could adversely affect our accruals for environmental remediation liabilities. 
 Any changes to our estimates or our assumptions that form the basis of our estimates may result in our providing an accrual, or adjustments to the amounts recorded, for environmental remediation liabilities. Additional environmental liabilities could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 We are defending pending lawsuits and claims and are subject to material losses. 
 We are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including litigation related to environmental matters, such as those arising from leaking USTs, contamination of groundwater with methyl tertiary butyl ether (a fuel derived from methanol, commonly referred to as MTBE and releases of motor fuel into the environment, and toxic tort claims. The ultimate resolution of certain matters cannot be predicted because considerable uncertainty exists both in terms of the probability of loss and the estimate of such loss. Our ultimate liabilities resulting from the lawsuits and claims we face could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
 13 

results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. For additional information with respect to certain pending lawsuits and claims, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 3 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 We are subject to losses that may not be covered by insurance. 
 We and our tenants carry insurance against certain risks and in such amounts as we believe are customary for businesses of our kind. However, as the costs and availability of insurance change, we may decide not to be covered against certain losses (such as certain environmental liabilities, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and civil disorder) where, in the judgment of management, the insurance is not warranted due to cost or availability of coverage or the remoteness of perceived risk. Furthermore, there are certain types of losses, such as losses resulting from wars, terrorism or certain acts of God, that generally are not insured because they are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. There is no assurance that the existing insurance coverages are or will be sufficient to cover actual losses incurred. The destruction of, or significant damage to, or significant liabilities arising out of conditions at, our properties due to an uninsured loss would result in an economic loss and could result in us losing both our investment in, and anticipated profits from, such properties. When a loss is insured, the coverage may be insufficient in amount or duration, or a lessee s customers may be lost, such that the lessee cannot resume its business after the loss at prior levels or at all, resulting in reduced rent or a default under its lease. Any such loss relating to a large number of properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 A significant portion of our properties are concentrated in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, and adverse conditions in those regions, in particular, could negatively impact our operations. 
 A significant portion of the properties we own and lease are located in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and, as of December 31, 2022, 34.4 of our annual base rent is derived from four states (New York, Massachusetts, Maryland, and Connecticut). Because of the concentration of our properties in those regions, in the event of adverse economic conditions in those regions, we would likely experience higher risk of default on payment of rent to us than if our properties were more geographically diversified. Additionally, the rents on our properties may be subject to a greater risk of default than other properties in the event of adverse economic, political or business developments, natural disasters or severe weather that may affect the Northeast or Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States and the ability of our lessees to make rent payments. This lack of geographical diversification could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 Property taxes on our properties may increase without notice. 
 Each of the properties we own or lease is subject to real property taxes. The leases for certain of the properties that we lease from third-parties obligate us to pay real property taxes with regard to those properties. The real property taxes on our properties and any other properties that we acquire or lease in the future may increase as property tax rates change and as those properties are assessed or reassessed by tax authorities. To the extent that our tenants are unable or unwilling to pay such increase in accordance with their leases, our net operating expenses may increase. 
 Our business operations may not generate sufficient cash for distributions or debt service. 
 There is no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay dividends on our common stock, to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may not be able to repay or refinance existing indebtedness on favorable terms, which could force us to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms (which may also result in losses) or accept financing on unfavorable terms. 
 Adverse developments in general business, economic or political conditions could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Adverse developments in general business and economic conditions, including through recession, downturn or otherwise, either in the economy generally or in those regions in which a large portion of our business is conducted, could have a material adverse effect on us and significantly increase certain of the risks we are subject to. Among other effects, adverse economic conditions could depress real estate values, impact our ability to re-lease or sell our properties and have an adverse effect on our tenants level of sales and financial performance generally. As our revenues are substantially dependent on the economic success of our tenants, any factors that adversely impact our tenants could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the market on which our common stock trades, the markets in which we operate, our operations and our results of operations. 
 Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence or war could negatively affect our business or the businesses of our tenants. These attacks may directly or indirectly impact the physical facilities, networks or the business or the financial condition of us or those of our tenants, vendors or financial institutions with which we have a relationship or conduct business. The consequences of armed conflicts are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on us. More generally, any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Terrorist attacks also could be a factor resulting in, or which could exacerbate, an economic recession 
 14 

in the United States or abroad. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 We are exposed to counterparty risk and there can be no assurances that we will effectively manage or mitigate this risk. 
 We regularly interact with counterparties in various industries. The types of counterparties most common to our transactions and agreements include, but are not limited to, landlords, tenants, vendors and lenders. We also enter into agreements to acquire and sell properties which allocate responsibility for certain costs to the counterparty. Our most significant counterparties include, but are not limited to, the members of the bank syndicate related to our to our Second Restated Credit Agreement, the lenders that are the counterparties to our senior unsecured notes and our major tenants from whom we derive a significant amount of rental revenue. The default, insolvency or other inability or unwillingness of a significant counterparty to perform its obligations under an agreement, including, without limitation, as a result of the rejection of an agreement in bankruptcy proceedings, is likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased: 
 150 properties in three separate unitary leases and two stand-alone leases to subsidiaries of Global which represented, in the aggregate, 16 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

128 properties in four separate unitary leases to subsidiaries of Arko which represented, in the aggregate, 14 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

78 properties in three separate unitary leases and one stand-alone lease to United Oil which, in the aggregate, represented 11 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We may also undertake additional transactions with these or other existing tenants, which would further concentrate our sources of rental revenues. Many of our tenants, including those noted above, are part of larger corporate organizations and the financial distress of one subsidiary or other affiliated companies or businesses in those organizations may negatively impact the ability or willingness of our tenant to perform its obligations under its lease with us. The failure of a major tenant or their default in their rental and other obligations to us is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 Inflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Although inflation has not materially impacted our results of operations in the recent past, increased inflation could have a more pronounced negative impact on any variable rate debt we incur in the future and on our results of operations. During times when inflation is greater than increases in rent, as provided for in our leases, rent increases may not keep up with the rate of inflation. Likewise, even though our triple-net leases reduce our exposure to rising property expenses due to inflation, substantial inflationary pressures and increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect our tenants ability to pay rent. 
 Also, during inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased, which would have a direct effect on the interest expense of our borrowings. Our exposure to increases in interest rates in the short term is limited to our variable-rate borrowings, which consist of borrowings under our Revolving Facility. Additionally, inflationary pricing may have a negative effect on the real estate acquisitions and construction costs necessary to complete our development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor, and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. Higher acquisition and construction costs could adversely impact our net investments in real estate and expected yields on our development and redevelopment projects, which may make otherwise lucrative investment opportunities less profitable to us. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our ability to pay dividends, could be adversely affected over time. 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We periodically evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), and includes a variety of factors such as market conditions, the accumulation of asset retirement costs due to changes in estimates associated with our estimated environmental liabilities, the status of significant leases, the financial condition of major tenants, and other assumptions and factors that could affect the cash flow from or fair value of our properties. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 3.5 million and 4.4 million, respectively, of impairment charges. We may be required to take similar impairment charges, which could affect the implementation of our current business strategy and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 15 

Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial position and results of operations, and they require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial position and results of operations. We have identified several accounting policies as being critical to the presentation of our financial position and results of operations because they require management to make particularly subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be recorded under different conditions or using different assumptions. We cannot provide any assurance that we will not make subsequent significant adjustments to our consolidated financial statements. Estimates, judgments and assumptions underlying our consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, receivables and related reserves, deferred rent receivable, income under direct financing leases, asset retirement obligations (including environmental remediation obligations and future environmental liabilities for pre-existing unknown environmental contamination), real estate, depreciation and amortization, carrying value of our properties, impairment of long-lived assets, litigation, accrued liabilities, income taxes and allocation of the purchase price of properties acquired to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If our accounting policies, methods, judgments, assumptions, estimates and allocations prove to be incorrect, or if circumstances change, our business, financial condition, revenues, operating expense, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price may be materially adversely affected. 
 Amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification made by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB or changes in accounting standards issued by other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our reported revenues, profitability or financial position. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification, which is periodically amended by the FASB. The application of GAAP is also subject to varying interpretations over time. Accordingly, we are required to adopt amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification or comply with revised interpretations that are issued from time-to-time by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB and the SEC. Those changes could adversely affect our reported revenues, profitability or financial position. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately and timely report our financial results. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. We are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 As a result of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies that may be identified in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may also identify certain deficiencies in some of our disclosure controls and procedures that we believe require remediation. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm discover any such weaknesses or deficiencies, we will make efforts to further improve our internal control over financial reporting controls. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful. Any failure to maintain effective controls or timely effect any necessary improvement of our internal control over financial reporting controls could harm operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could affect the listing of our common stock on the NYSE. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 The loss of certain members of our management team or Board of Directors could adversely affect our business or the market price of our common stock. 
 Our future success and ability to implement our business and investment strategy depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key management personnel and directors, and on the continued contributions of such persons, each of whom may be difficult to replace. As a REIT, we employ only 32 employees and have a cost-effective management structure. We do not have any employment agreements with any of our executives. In the event of the loss of key management personnel or directors, or upon unexpected death, disability or retirement, we may not be able to find replacements with comparable skill, ability and industry expertise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. Additionally, certain of our directors beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If any of these directors cease to be a director of the Company and they or their estate sell a significant portion of such holdings into the public market, it could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 16 

We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. Additionally, our failure to comply with applicable privacy, data security or protection or cyber security laws could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information of tenants and lease data. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing confidential tenant information, such as individually identifiable information relating to financial accounts. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, it is possible that our security measures will not be able to prevent the systems improper functioning, or the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, whether of our systems or those of our vendors or other third parties who hold or have access to our information, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Any failure by us, or our vendors or other third parties who hold or have access to our information to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Governments are continuing to focus on privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data security and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our employees and users data could require us to modify our business, services and products features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs. 
 Our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be impacted by the continued presence of COVID-19 and such impact could be materially adverse. 
 The global spread of COVID-19 created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. The extent to which the continued presence of COVID-19 impacts our business, operations and financial results is uncertain, and will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including governmental, business, and individual actions taken in response to COVID-19 and the impact of those actions on global economic activity; the actions taken in response to economic disruption; the reduced economic activity, if not closures from time to time of our tenants facilities, may impact our tenants' businesses, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause one or more of our tenants to be unable to meet their obligations to us in full, or at all, or to otherwise seek modifications of such obligations; general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability or desire to grow our portfolio of properties; the financial impact of COVID-19 could negatively impact our future compliance with financial covenants of our Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes and result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness, which non-compliance could negatively impact our ability to make additional borrowings under our Revolving Facility and pay dividends; and a deterioration in our or our tenants ability to operate in affected areas or delays in the supply of products or services to us or our tenants from vendors that are needed for our or our tenants efficient operations could adversely affect our operations and those of our tenants. 
 The fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the full adverse impact of COVID-19 . Nevertheless, the COVID-19 continues to present uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance. Moreover, many risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, should be interpreted as heightened risks as a result of the impact of COVID-19. 
 Risks Related to Financing Our Business 
 We are dependent on external sources of capital which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 We are dependent on external sources of capital to maintain our status as a REIT and must distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90 of our net taxable income, excluding any net capital gain. Because of these distribution requirements, it is not likely that we will be able to fund all future capital needs, including acquisitions, from income from operations. Therefore, we will have to continue to rely on third-party sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. We may need to access the capital markets in order to execute future significant acquisitions. There can be no assurance that sources of capital will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are the cash flows from our operations, funds available under our Second Restated Credit Agreement, proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock through offerings, from time to time, under our ATM Program, pursuant to which we may also sell shares of common stock under forward sale agreements, and available cash and cash equivalents. In 2021, pursuant to the Second Restated Credit Agreement, we (i) extended the maturity date of the Revolving Facility from March 2022 to October 2025, (ii) reduced the interest rate for borrowings under the Revolving Facility and (iii) amended certain financial covenants and other provisions. The Second Restated Credit Agreement provides for the Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 
 17 

300.0 million and includes an accordion feature to increase the revolving commitments or add one or more tranches of term loans up to an additional aggregate amount not to exceed 300.0 million, subject to certain conditions, including one or more new or existing lenders agreeing to provide commitments for such increased amount and that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the terms of the Revolving Facility. As of December 31, 2022, we have also issued 625.0 million of senior unsecured notes. For additional information, see Credit Agreement and Senior Unsecured Notes in Note 4 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 The Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes contain customary financial covenants such as leverage, coverage ratios and minimum tangible net worth, as well as limitations on restricted payments, which may limit our ability to incur additional debt or pay dividends. The Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes also contain customary events of default, including cross defaults to each other, change of control and failure to maintain REIT status (provided that the senior unsecured notes require a mandatory offer to prepay the notes upon a change in control in lieu of a change of control event of default). Our ability to meet the terms of the agreements is dependent upon our continued ability to meet certain criteria, as further described in Note 4 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K, the performance of our tenants and the other risks described in this section. If we are not in compliance with one or more of our covenants, which could result in an event of default under our Second Restated Credit Agreement or our senior unsecured notes, there can be no assurance that our lenders would waive such non-compliance. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 Under our ATM Program, we may issue and sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to 250.0 million through a consortium of banks acting as agents. Sales of shares of our common stock under our ATM Program may be made from time to time in at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or as otherwise agreed to with the applicable agent. Sales of shares of our common stock under our ATM Program, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including among others, market conditions and the trading price of our common stock. Our agents are not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of our common stock, but each agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulation to sell shares designated by us in accordance with the terms of the distribution agreement with our agents. The net proceeds we receive will be the gross proceeds received from such sales less the commissions and any other costs we may incur in issuing the shares of our common stock. In connection with the expansion of the ATM Program in 2021, we may also sell shares of common stock under forward sale agreements. The use of a forward sale agreement allows us to lock in a price on the sale of shares of common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale until a later date. 
 We may use a portion of the net proceeds from any of such sales to reduce our outstanding indebtedness, including borrowings under our Revolving Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility includes lenders who are affiliates of our agents and may be affiliates of our forward sellers and/or forward purchasers. As a result, a portion of the net proceeds from any sale of shares of our common stock under our ATM Program that is used to repay amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility will be received by these affiliates. Because an affiliate may receive a portion of the net proceeds from any of these sales, each of our agents may have an interest in these sales beyond the sales commission it will receive. This could result in a conflict of interest and cause such agents to act in a manner that is not in the best interests of us or our investors in connection with any sale of shares of our common stock under our ATM Program. 
 Our access to third-party sources of capital depends upon a number of factors including general market conditions, the market s perception of our growth potential, financial stability, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions, covenants and limitations imposed under our Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes, and the market price of our common stock. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk and there can be no assurances that we will manage or mitigate this risk effectively. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk, primarily as a result of our Second Restated Credit Agreement. Borrowings under our Second Restated Credit Agreement bear interest at a floating rate. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates will increase the amount of interest we must pay under our Second Restated Credit Agreement. Our interest rate risk may materially change in the future if we increase our borrowings under the Second Restated Credit Agreement or amend our Second Restated Credit Agreement or our senior unsecured notes, seek other sources of debt or equity capital or refinance our outstanding indebtedness. A significant increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult to find alternative financing on desirable terms. For additional information with respect to interest rate risk, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this Form 10-K. 
 We may be adversely affected by the transition from LIBOR. 
 On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after the end of 2021. The U.S. Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), a steering committee comprised 
 18 

of large U.S. financial institutions, to identify an alternative reference rate. ARRC identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), calculated by reference to short-term repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury securities, as the recommended alternative reference rate for USD-LIBOR in derivative and other financial contracts and proposed a paced transition plan to transition USD-LIBOR to SOFR. The first publication of SOFR was released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in April 2018. In November 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the administrator of LIBOR) announced that it would consult on its intention to cease the publication of the one-week and two-month USD-LIBOR tenors only on December 31, 2021 and all other USD-LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023. On March 5, 2021, the IBA issued a statement, based on such consultation, announcing that the IBA shall cease publication of the respective USD-LIBOR tenors immediately after the foregoing dates and the FCA issued a statement that it has no intention to use its proposed powers to compel the IBA to publish any of the foregoing USD-LIBOR tenors and that such USD-LIBOR tenors shall no longer be representative after such dates. The Revolving Facility includes customary LIBOR transition language that addresses the succession of LIBOR at a future date. 
 	On December 22, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to transition the applicable interest rates and default rate thereunder from LIBOR-based rates to SOFR-based rates. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings based on LIBOR. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted and span multiple future periods but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt, which may be detrimental to our financial position or operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Strategy 
 We may not be able to successfully implement our investment strategy. 
 We may not be able to successfully implement our investment strategy. We cannot assure that our portfolio of properties will expand at all, or if it will expand at any specified rate or to any specified size. As part of our overall growth strategy, we regularly review acquisition, financing and redevelopment opportunities, and we expect to continue to pursue investments that we believe will benefit our financial performance. We cannot assure that investment opportunities which meet our investment criteria will be available. Pursuing our investment opportunities may result in additional debt or new equity issuances, that may initially be dilutive to our net income, and such investments may not perform as we expect or produce the returns that we anticipate (including, without limitation, as a result of tenant bankruptcies, tenant concessions, our inability to collect rents and higher than anticipated operating expenses). Further, we may not be able to successfully integrate investments into our existing portfolio without operating disruptions or unanticipated costs. To the extent that our current sources of liquidity are not sufficient to fund such investments, we will require other sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, to the extent that we increase the size of our portfolio, we may not be able to adapt our management, administrative, accounting and operational systems, or hire and retain sufficient operational staff to integrate investments into our portfolio or manage any future investments without operating disruptions or unanticipated costs. Moreover, our continued growth will require increased investment in management personnel, professional fees, other personnel, financial and management systems and controls and facilities, which will result in additional operating expenses. Under the circumstances described above, our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
 We expect to acquire new properties and this may create risks. 
 We may acquire properties when we believe that an acquisition matches our business and investment strategies. These properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value or revenue potential. It is possible that the operating performance of these properties may decline after we acquire them, or that they may not perform as expected. Further, if financed by additional debt or new equity issuances, our acquisition of properties may result in stockholder dilution. Our acquisition of properties will expose us to the liabilities of those properties, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of such acquisitions. We face competition in pursuing these acquisitions and we may not succeed in leasing acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of their acquisition and operations. 
 Newly acquired properties may require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. We may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions. Consequences arising from or in connection with any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 We are pursuing redevelopment opportunities and this creates risks to our Company. 
 We have commenced a program to redevelop certain of our properties, and to recapture select properties from our net lease portfolio in order to redevelop such properties, for either a new convenience and gasoline use or for alternative single tenant net lease retail uses. The success at each stage of our redevelopment program is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including our ability to identify and extract qualified sites from our portfolio and successfully prepare and market them for alternative uses, and project development issues, including those relating to planning, zoning, licensing, permitting, third party and governmental authorizations, changes in local market conditions, increases in construction costs, the availability and cost of financing, and issues arising from possible discovery of new environmental contamination and the need to conduct environmental remediation. Occupancy rates and rents at any particular redeveloped property may fail to meet our original expectations for reasons beyond our control, including changes in market and economic conditions and the development by competitors of competing properties. We could experience increased and unexpected costs or significant delays or abandonment of some or all of these redevelopment opportunities. For any of the above-described reasons, 
 19 

and others, we may determine to abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore or with respect to which we have commenced redevelopment efforts and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully redevelop and lease any of our identified opportunities or that our overall redevelopment program will be successful. Consequences arising from or in connection with any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT under the federal income tax laws would have adverse consequences to our stockholders. Uncertain tax matters may have a significant impact on the results of operations for any single fiscal year or interim period or may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 We elected to be treated as a REIT under the federal income tax laws beginning January 1, 2001. To qualify for taxation as a REIT, we must, among other requirements such as those related to the composition of our assets and gross income, distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income, including taxable income that is accrued by us without a corresponding receipt of cash. Accordingly, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on qualifying REIT income, provided that distributions to our stockholders equal at least the amount of our taxable income as defined under the Internal Revenue Code. But, we may have to borrow money or sell assets to satisfy such distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. Many of the REIT requirements are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet the requirements, we may be subject to federal income tax, excise taxes, penalties and interest or we may have to pay a deficiency dividend. We may have to borrow money or sell assets to pay such a deficiency dividend. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will continue to qualify in the future as a REIT. We cannot give any assurance that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not significantly change the requirements relating to our qualification. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and will again be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates, we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years beginning before 2019, we could be required to pay significant income taxes and we would have less money available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities. We could also be precluded from treatment as a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we lost the qualification, and all distributions to stockholders would be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Loss of our REIT status could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 The U.S. federal income tax treatment of the cash that we might receive from cash settlement of a forward sale agreement under our ATM Program is unclear and could jeopardize our ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. 
 In the event that we elect to settle any forward sale agreement for cash and the settlement price is below the applicable forward sale price, we would be entitled to receive a cash payment from the relevant Forward Purchaser. Under Section 1032 of the Code, generally, no gains and losses are recognized by a corporation in dealing in its own shares, including pursuant to a securities futures contract, as defined in the Code by reference to the Exchange Act. Although we believe that any amount received by us in exchange for our stock would qualify for the exemption under Section 1032 of the Code, because it is not entirely clear whether a forward sale agreement qualifies as a securities futures contract, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of any cash settlement payment we receive is uncertain. In the event that we recognize a significant gain from the cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, we might not be able to satisfy the gross income requirements applicable to REITs under the Code. In that case, we may be able to rely upon the relief provisions under the Code in order to avoid the loss of our REIT status. Even if the relief provisions apply, we will be subject to a 100 tax on the greater of (i) the excess of 75 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) over the amount of such income attributable to sources that qualify under the 75 test or (ii) the excess of 95 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) over the amount of such gross income attributable to sources that qualify under the 95 test, multiplied in either case by a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. In the event that these relief provisions were not available, we could lose our REIT status under the Code. 
 There is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to real estate investment trusts. 
 Because the IRS, the United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, we cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any of such legislative actions may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of us and/or our investors. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the TCJA, as amended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, has significantly changed the U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. businesses and their owners, including REITs and their shareholders. Changes made by the TCJA and the CARES Act that could affect us and our shareholders include: 
 20 

temporarily reducing individual U.S. federal income tax rates on ordinary income; the highest individual U.S. federal income tax rate has been reduced from 39.6 to 37 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

permanently eliminating the progressive corporate tax rate structure, with a maximum corporate tax rate of 35 , and replacing it with a flat corporate tax rate of 21 ; 

permitting a deduction for certain pass-through business income, including dividends received by our shareholders from us that are not designated by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, which will generally allow individuals, trusts, and estates to deduct up to 20 of such amounts for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026; 

reducing the highest rate of withholding with respect to our distributions to non-U.S. stockholders that are treated as attributable to gains from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests from 35 to 21 ; 

limiting our deduction for net operating losses to 80 of REIT taxable income (prior to the application of the dividends paid deduction) for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; 

generally limiting the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of a specified percentage (50 for taxable years beginning in 2019 and 2020 and 30 for subsequent taxable years) of a business s adjusted taxable income except for taxpayers that engage in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (provided that such electing taxpayers must use an alternative depreciation system for certain property); and 

eliminating the corporate alternative minimum tax. 

You are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory, judicial or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 
 U.S. federal tax reform legislation could affect REITs generally, our tenants, the markets in which we operate, the price of our common stock and our results of operations, in ways, both positively and negatively, that are difficult to predict. 
 Certain federal tax legislation more specifically described above (the 2017 Legislation included significant changes to corporate and individual tax rates and the calculation of taxes. As a REIT, we are generally not required to pay federal taxes otherwise applicable to regular corporations if we distribute all of our income and comply with the various tax rules governing REITs. Stockholders, however, are generally required to pay taxes on REIT dividends. The 2017 Legislation changed the way in which dividends paid on our stock are taxed by the holder of that stock and could impact the price of our common stock or how stockholders and potential investors view an investment in REITs. In addition, while certain elements of the 2017 Legislation do not impact us directly as a REIT, they could impact our tenants and the markets in which we operate in ways, both positive and negative, that are difficult to predict. 
 Prospective stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the 2017 Legislation and any other regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and the potential effects thereof on an investment in our common stock. 
 In order to preserve our REIT status, our charter limits the number of shares a person may own, which may discourage a takeover that could result in a premium price for our common stock or otherwise benefit our stockholders. 
 Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our Board of Directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Unless exempted by our Board of Directors, no person may (i) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain constructive ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, in excess of 5.0 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock or (ii) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain other constructive ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, in excess of 9.9 (by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock, which may discourage large investors from purchasing our stock. This restriction may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our publicly traded common stock. 
 As with other publicly traded securities, the market price of our publicly traded common stock depends on various market conditions, which may change from time-to-time. Among the market conditions that may affect the market price of our publicly traded common stock are the following: our financial condition and performance and that of our significant tenants; the market s perception of our growth potential and potential future earnings; the reputation of REITs generally and the reputation of REITs with portfolios similar to us; the attractiveness of the securities of REITs in comparison to securities issued by other entities (including securities issued by other real estate companies); an increase in market interest rates, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher distribution 
 21 

rate in relation to the price paid for publicly traded securities; the extent of institutional investor interest in us; and general economic and financial market conditions. 
 We may change our dividend policy and the dividends we pay may be subject to significant volatility. 
 The decision to declare and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon such factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant and the dividend paid may vary from expected amounts. Any change in our dividend policy could adversely affect our business and the market price of our common stock. In addition, each of the Second Restated Credit Agreement and senior unsecured notes prohibit the payments of dividends during certain events of default. No assurance can be given that our financial performance in the future will permit our payment of any dividends or that the amount of dividends we pay, if any, will not fluctuate significantly. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), our ability to pay dividends would be restricted if, after payment of the dividend, (i) we would not be able to pay indebtedness as it becomes due in the usual course of business or (ii) our total assets would be less than the sum of our liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved, to satisfy the rights of any stockholders with liquidation preferences. There currently are no stockholders with liquidation preferences. 
 No assurance can be given that our financial performance in the future will permit our payment of any dividends. Each of the Second Restated Credit Agreement our senior unsecured notes contain customary financial covenants such as availability, leverage and coverage ratios and minimum tangible net worth, as well as limitations on restricted payments, which may limit our ability to incur additional debt or pay dividends. As a result of the factors described above, we may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis, which could materially and adversely affect our business, stock price and ability to pay dividends. 
 Future issuances of equity securities could dilute the interest of holders of our equity securities. 
 Our future growth depends upon our ability to raise additional capital. If we were to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, such issuance, the receipt of the net proceeds thereof and the use of such proceeds may have a dilutive effect on our expected earnings per share, funds from operations per share and adjusted funds from operations per share. The actual amount of such dilution cannot be determined at this time and will be based on numerous factors. Additionally, we are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock or preferred stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock or preferred stock or any substantially similar securities in the future. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market after an offering or the perception that such sales could occur. 
 Provisions contained in a forward sale agreement under our ATM Program could result in substantial dilution to our earnings per share and return on equity or result in substantial cash payment obligations. 
 If we enter into one or more forward sale agreements in connection with the ATM Program, the relevant Forward Purchaser (as defined in such forward sale agreement) will have the right to accelerate its forward sale agreement (with respect to all or any portion of the transaction under such forward sale agreement that the Forward Purchaser determines is affected by an event described below) and require us to physically settle on a date specified by such Forward Purchaser if: 
 in such Forward Purchaser s good faith, commercially reasonable judgment, it or its affiliate (x) is unable to hedge its exposure under such forward sale agreement because an insufficient number of shares of our common stock have been made available for borrowing by securities lenders or (y) would incur a stock loan cost in excess of a specified threshold to hedge its exposure under such forward sale agreement; 

we declare any dividend, issue or distribution on shares of our common stock (a) payable in cash in excess of specified amounts (unless it is an extraordinary dividend), (b) payable in securities of another company that we acquire or own (directly or indirectly) as a result of a spin-off or similar transaction, or (c) payable in any other type of securities (other than shares of our common stock), rights, warrants or other assets for payment at less than the prevailing market price; 

certain ownership thresholds applicable to such Forward Purchaser and its affiliates are exceeded; 

an event is announced that if consummated would result in a specified extraordinary event (including certain mergers or tender offers, as well as certain events involving our nationalization, or insolvency, or a delisting of shares of our common stock) or the occurrence of a change in law under such forward sale agreement; or 

certain other events of default or termination events occur, including, among others, any material misrepresentation made in connection with such forward sale agreement (each as more fully described in each forward sale agreement). 

A Forward Purchaser s decision to exercise its right to accelerate the physical settlement of any forward sale agreement and require us to physically settle on a date specified by such Forward Purchaser will be made irrespective of our interests, including our need for capital. In such cases, we could be required to issue and deliver shares of shares of our common stock under the physical 
 22 

settlement provisions of the applicable forward sale agreement, irrespective of our capital needs, which would result in dilution to our earnings per share and return on equity. 
 We expect that settlement of any forward sale agreement will generally occur no later than the date specified in the particular forward sale agreement, which will be no earlier than three months or later than two years following the trade date of that forward sale agreement. However, any forward sale agreement may be settled earlier than that specified date in whole or in part at our option. Subject to certain conditions, we have the right to elect physical, cash or net share settlement under each forward sale agreement. We intend to physically settle each forward sale agreement by delivery of shares of our common stock. However, we may elect to cash settle or net share settle such forward sale agreement. Delivery of shares of our common stock upon physical settlement (or, if we elect net share settlement of a particular forward sale agreement, upon such settlement to the extent we are obligated to deliver shares of our common stock) will result in dilution to our earnings per share and return on equity. If we elect cash settlement or net share settlement with respect to all or a portion of the shares of common stock underlying a particular forward sale agreement, we expect the applicable Forward Purchaser (or an affiliate thereof) to purchase a number of shares of our common stock in secondary market transactions over an unwind period to: 
 return shares of our common stock to securities lenders in order to unwind such Forward Purchaser s hedge (after taking into consideration any shares of our common stock to be delivered by us to such Forward Purchaser, in the case of net share settlement); and 

if applicable, in the case of net share settlement, deliver shares of our common stock to us to the extent required in settlement of such forward sale agreement. 

The purchase of shares of our common stock in connection with a Forward Purchaser or its affiliate unwinding such Forward Purchaser s hedge positions could cause the price of shares of our common stock to increase over such time (or prevent a decrease over such time), thereby increasing the amount of cash we would owe to such Forward Purchaser (or decreasing the amount of cash that such Forward Purchaser would owe to us) upon a cash settlement of the relevant forward sale agreement or increasing the number of shares of our common stock we would deliver to such Forward Purchaser (or decreasing the number of shares of our common stock that such Forward Purchaser would deliver to us) upon net share settlement of the relevant forward sale agreement. 
 The forward sale price that we expect to receive upon physical settlement of a particular forward sale agreement will be subject to adjustment on a daily basis based on a floating interest rate factor equal to the overnight bank rate less a spread and will be decreased based on amounts related to expected dividends on shares of our common stock during the term of the applicable forward sale agreement. If the overnight bank rate is less than the spread for a particular forward sale agreement on any day, the interest factor will result in a daily reduction of the applicable forward sale price. If the volume-weighted average price at which a particular Forward Purchaser (or its affiliate) is able to purchase (or is deemed able to purchase) shares during the applicable unwind period under a particular forward sale agreement is above the relevant forward sale price, in the case of cash settlement, we would pay the relevant Forward Purchaser under such forward sale agreement an amount in cash equal to the difference or, in the case of net share settlement, we would deliver to such Forward Purchaser a number of shares of our common stock having a value equal to the difference. Thus, we could be responsible for a potentially substantial cash payment in the case of cash settlement. If the volume-weighted average price at which a particular Forward Purchaser (or its affiliate) is able to purchase (or is deemed able to purchase) shares during the applicable unwind period under that particular forward sale agreement is below the relevant forward sale price, in the case of cash settlement, we would be paid the difference in cash by the relevant Forward Purchaser under that particular forward sale agreement or, in the case of net share settlement, we would receive from such Forward Purchaser a number of shares of our common stock having a value equal to the difference. 
 
 In case of our bankruptcy or insolvency, any forward sale agreement under our ATM Program that is in effect will automatically terminate, and we would not receive the expected proceeds from any forward sales of shares of our common stock. 
 If we or a regulatory authority with jurisdiction over us institutes, or we consent to, a proceeding seeking a judgment in bankruptcy or insolvency or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors rights, or we or a regulatory authority with jurisdiction over us presents a petition for our winding-up or liquidation, or we consent to such a petition, any forward sale agreement that is then in effect will automatically terminate. If any such forward sale agreement so terminates under these circumstances, we would not be obligated to deliver to the relevant Forward Purchaser any shares of common stock not previously delivered, and the relevant Forward Purchaser would be discharged from its obligation to pay the applicable forward sale price per share in respect of any shares of common stock not previously settled under the applicable forward sale agreement. Therefore, to the extent that there are any shares of common stock with respect to which any forward sale agreement has not been settled at the time of the commencement of any such bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, we would not receive the relevant forward sale price per share in respect of those shares of common stock. 
 Maryland law may discourage a third-party from acquiring us. 
 We are subject to the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act (the Business Combination Act which prohibits transactions between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after 
 23 

the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Generally, pursuant to the Business Combination Act, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of a Maryland corporation s voting stock. These provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our Company or reducing the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our capital stock. Additionally, the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act may deny voting rights to shares involved in an acquisition of one-tenth or more of the voting stock of a Maryland corporation. In our charter and bylaws, we have elected not to have the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of our Company. However, in the case of the control share acquisition statute, our Board of Directors may opt to make this statute applicable to us at any time by amending our bylaws, and may do so on a retroactive basis. Finally, the unsolicited takeovers provisions of the MGCL permit our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain provisions that may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from making an acquisition proposal for our Company or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests; however, on February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a resolution prohibiting us from electing to be subject to the classified board provisions of Section 3-803 of the MGCL, unless such election is first approved by the stockholders of the Corporation by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 Item 1B. Unresol ved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Substantially all of our properties are leased on a triple-net basis to convenience store operators, petroleum distributors, car wash operators and other automotive-related and retail tenants. Our tenants are responsible for the operations conducted at our properties, including the payment of all taxes, maintenance, repair, insurance and other operating expenses. We manage and evaluate our operations as a single segment. 
 We independently obtain and maintain a program of insurance which we believe adequately covers our owned and leased properties for casualty and liability risks. Our insurance program is underwritten in view of primary insurance coverages which we require to be provided by most of our tenants for properties they lease from us, including in respect to casualty, liability, pollution legal liability, fire and extended coverage risks. 
 24 

The following table summarizes the geographic distribution of our properties as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we lease approximately 11,100 square feet of office space at 292 Madison Avenue, New York, New York for our corporate headquarters, which we believe will remain suitable and adequate for such purposes for the immediate future. 

Owned by Getty Realty 

Leased by Getty Realty 

Total Properties by State 

Percent of Total Properties 

New York 

179 

24 

203 

19.5 

Massachusetts 

99 

5 

104 

10.0 

Texas 

78 

78 

7.5 

Connecticut 

68 

6 

74 

7.1 

South Carolina 

49 

49 

4.7 

Virginia 

48 

1 

49 

4.7 

New Jersey 

43 

4 

47 

4.5 

New Hampshire 

45 

45 

4.3 

Maryland 

40 

2 

42 

4.0 

Michigan 

41 

41 

3.9 

North Carolina 

36 

36 

3.5 

California 

34 

34 

3.3 

Washington State 

31 

31 

3.0 

Arizona 

23 

23 

2.2 

Colorado 

23 

23 

2.2 

Ohio 

23 

23 

2.2 

Pennsylvania 

21 

21 

2.0 

Nevada 

14 

14 

1.3 

Oregon 

13 

13 

1.3 

Arkansas 

11 

11 

1.1 

Hawaii 

10 

10 

1.0 

Kansas 

8 

8 

0.8 

Missouri 

8 

8 

0.8 

Maine 

7 

7 

0.7 

Kentucky 

6 

6 

0.6 

Georgia 

5 

5 

0.5 

New Mexico 

5 

5 

0.5 

Florida 

4 

4 

0.4 

Illinois 

4 

4 

0.4 

Louisiana 

4 

4 

0.4 

Oklahoma 

4 

4 

0.4 

Alabama 

2 

2 

0.2 

Indiana 

2 

2 

0.2 

Mississippi 

2 

2 

0.2 

Rhode Island 

2 

2 

0.2 

Washington, D.C. 

2 

2 

0.2 

Minnesota 

1 

1 

0.1 

North Dakota 

1 

1 

0.1 

Vermont 

1 

1 

0.1 

Total 

997 

42 

1,039 

100.0 

25 

The properties that we lease from third parties have a remaining lease term, including renewal and extension option terms, averaging approximately 8.0 years. The following table sets forth information regarding lease expirations, including renewal and extension option terms, for properties that we lease from third parties: 

Number of Leases Expiring 

Percent of Total Leased Properties 

Percent of Total Properties 

2023 

3 

7.2 

0.3 

2024 

4 

9.5 

0.4 

2025 

2 

4.8 

0.2 

2026 

5 

11.9 

0.5 

2027 

4 

9.5 

0.4 

Subtotal 

18 

42.9 

1.8 

Thereafter 

24 

57.1 

2.3 

Total 

42 

100.0 

4.1 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from rental properties, which includes base rental income, additional rental income, if any, and certain GAAP revenue recognition adjustments, were 163.9 million, an average of approximately 160,000 per property given the 1,025 average rental properties held during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, revenues from rental properties were 153.9 million, an average of 153,000 per property given the 1,004 average rental properties held during the year. Rental property lease expirations and annualized base rent ABR as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Number of Properties (a) 

ABR (b) 

Percentage of Total ABR 

2023 

25 

2,764 

1.8 

2024 

17 

1,791 

1.2 

2025 

21 

4,462 

2.9 

2026 

68 

13,614 

8.8 

2027 

270 

22,407 

14.5 

2028 

45 

7,975 

5.2 

2029 

75 

12,196 

7.9 

2030 

46 

5,494 

3.6 

2031 

64 

9,756 

6.3 

2032 

138 

17,770 

11.5 

Thereafter 

265 

55,862 

36.3 

Subtotal 

1,034 

154,091 

100.0 

Redevelopment 

3 

Vacant 

2 

Total 

1,039 

154,091 

100.0 

(a) With respect to a unitary master lease that includes properties that we lease from third-parties, the expiration dates refer to the dates that the leases with the third-parties expire and upon which date our tenant must vacate those properties, not the expiration date of the unitary master lease itself. 

(b) Represents the monthly base rent due from tenants under existing leases as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. 

Item 3. Lega l Proceedings 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, many of which we consider to be routine and incidental to our business. Many of these legal proceedings involve claims relating to alleged discharges of petroleum into the environment at current and former gasoline stations. We routinely assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with these matters based upon the latest available information. The following is a description of material legal proceedings, including those involving private parties and governmental authorities under federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of hazardous substances into the environment. We are vigorously defending all of the legal proceedings against us, including each of the legal proceedings listed below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued 0.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively, for certain of these matters which we believe were appropriate based on information then currently available. It is possible that losses related to these legal proceedings could exceed the amounts accrued as of December 31, 2022, and that such additional losses could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. 
 26 

MTBE Litigation State of Pennsylvania 
 On July 7, 2014, our subsidiary, Getty Properties Corp., was served with a complaint filed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the State in the Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County relating to alleged statewide MTBE contamination in Pennsylvania. The named plaintiff is the State, by and through (then) Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane (as Trustee of the waters of the State), the Pennsylvania Insurance Department (which governs and administers the Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Fund), the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (vested with the authority to protect the environment) and the Pennsylvania Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Fund. The complaint names us and more than 50 other defendants, including Exxon Mobil, BP, Chevron, Citgo, Gulf, Lukoil Americas, Getty Petroleum Marketing Inc., Marathon, Hess, Shell Oil, Texaco, Valero, as well as other smaller petroleum refiners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers of MTBE or gasoline containing MTBE who are alleged to have distributed, stored and sold MTBE gasoline in Pennsylvania. The complaint seeks compensation for natural resource damages and for injuries sustained as a result of defendants unfair and deceptive trade practices and act in the marketing of MTBE and gasoline containing MTBE. The plaintiffs also seek to recover costs paid or incurred by the State to detect, treat and remediate MTBE from public and private water wells and groundwater. The plaintiffs assert causes of action against all defendants based on multiple theories, including strict liability defective design; strict liability failure to warn; public nuisance; negligence; trespass; and violation of consumer protection law. 
 The case was filed in the Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County, but was removed by defendants to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and then transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York so that it may be managed as part of the ongoing MTBE MDL proceedings. In November 2015, plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint naming additional defendants and adding factual allegations against the defendants. We joined with other defendants in the filing of a motion to dismiss the claims against us, which was granted in part and denied in part. We are vigorously defending the claims made against us. Our ultimate liability in this proceeding is uncertain and subject to numerous contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. 
 MTBE Litigation State of Maryland 
 On December 17, 2017, the State of Maryland, by and through the Attorney General on behalf of the Maryland Department of Environment and the Maryland Department of Health (the State of Maryland ), filed a complaint in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City related to alleged statewide MTBE contamination in Maryland. The complaint was served upon us on January 19, 2018. The complaint names us and more than 60 other defendants, including Exxon Mobil, APEX Oil, Astra Oil, Atlantic Richfield, BP, Chevron, Citgo, ConocoPhillips, Hess, Kinder Morgan, Lukoil, Marathon, Shell, Sunoco, Texaco, Valero, Cumberland Farms, Duke Energy, El Paso Merchant Energy-Petroleum, Energy Transfer Partners, Equilon Enterprises, ETP Holdco, George E. Warren Corporation, Getty Petroleum Marketing, Inc., Gulf, Guttman Energy, Hartree Partners, Holtzman Oil, Motiva Enterprises, Nustar Terminals Operations Partnership, Phillips 66, Premcor, 7-Eleven, Sheetz, Total Petrochemicals Refining USA, Transmontaigne Product Services, Vitol S.A., WAWA, and Western Refining. The complaint seeks compensation for natural resource damages and for injuries sustained as a result of the defendants unfair and deceptive trade practices in the marketing of MTBE and gasoline containing MTBE. The plaintiffs also seek to recover costs paid or incurred by the State of Maryland to detect, investigate, treat and remediate MTBE from public and private water wells and groundwater, punitive damages and the award of attorneys fees and litigation costs. The plaintiffs assert causes of action against all defendants based on multiple theories, including strict liability defective design; strict liability failure to warn; strict liability for abnormally dangerous activity; public nuisance; negligence; trespass; and violations of Titles 4, 7 and 9 of the Maryland Environmental Code. 
 On February 14, 2018, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. We are vigorously defending the claims made against us. Our ultimate liability, if any, in this proceeding is uncertain and subject to numerous contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. 
 Matters related to our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal and the Lower Passaic River 
 In 2004, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued General Notice Letters GNL to over 100 entities, including us, alleging that they are potentially responsible parties PRPs with respect to a 17-mile stretch of the Passaic River from Dundee Dam to the Newark Bay and its tributaries (the Lower Passaic River Study Area or LPRSA ). The LPRSA is part of the Diamond Alkali Superfund Site Superfund Site that includes the former Diamond Shamrock Corporation manufacturing facility located at 80-120 Lister Ave. in Newark, New Jersey (the Diamond Shamrock Facility ), the LPRSA, and the Newark Bay Study Area (i.e, Newark Bay and portions of surrounding rivers and channels). One of the GNL recipients is Occidental Chemical Corporation Occidental ), the predecessor to the former owner/operator of the Diamond Shamrock Facility responsible for the discharge of 2,3,8,8-TCDD dioxin and other hazardous substances. In May 2007, over 70 GNL recipients, including us, entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent AOC with the EPA to perform a Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study RI/FS for the LPRSA to address investigation and evaluation of alternative remedial actions with respect to alleged damages to the entire 17-mile LPRSA, which EPA has designated Operable Unit 4 or OU4 . Many of the parties to the AOC, including us, are also members of a Cooperating Parties Group CPG ). In 2015, the CPG submitted a draft RI/FS to EPA setting forth various alternatives 
 27 

for remediating the LPRSA. In October 2018, the EPA issued a letter directing the CPG to prepare a streamlined feasibility study for just the upper 9-miles of the LPRSA based on an iterative approach using adaptive management strategies. On December 4, 2020, the CPG submitted a Final Draft Interim Remedy Feasibility Study IR/FS to the EPA which identified various targeted dredge and cap alternatives for the upper 9-miles of the LPRSA. On September 28, 2021, the EPA issued a Record of Decision ROD for the upper 9-mile IR/FS Upper 9-mile IR ROD consisting of dredging and capping to control sediment sources of dioxin and PCBs at an estimated cost of 441 million. 
 In addition to the RI/FS activities, in June 2012, certain members of the CPG entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent 10.9 AOC with the EPA to perform certain remediation activities, including removal and capping of sediments at the river mile 10.9 area and certain testing, which remedial work has been completed. Concurrent with the CPG s work on the RI/FS, on April 11, 2014, the EPA issued a draft Focused Feasibility Study FFS with proposed remedial alternatives to remediate the lower 8.3-miles of the LPRSA. On March 4, 2016, the EPA issued a ROD for the lower 8.3-miles Lower 8-mile ROD selecting a remedy that involves bank-to-bank dredging and installing an engineered cap with an estimated cost of 1.38 billion. 
 On March 31, 2016, the EPA issued a Notice of Potential Liability and Commencement of Negotiations for Remedial Design Notice to more than 100 PRPs, including us, which informed the recipients that the EPA intends to seek an Administrative Order on Consent and Settlement Agreement with Occidental (who the EPA considers the primary contributor of dioxin and other pesticides generated from the production of Agent Orange at its Diamond Shamrock Facility and a discharger of other contaminants of concern COCs to the Superfund Site) requiring Occidental to prepare the remedial design of the remedy selected in the Lower 8-mile ROD. The EPA has designated the lower 8.3 miles of the LPRSA as Operable Unit 2 or OU2 , which is geographically subsumed within OU4. On September 30, 2016, Occidental entered into an agreement with the EPA to perform the remedial design for OU2. 
 By letter dated March 30, 2017, the EPA advised the recipients of the Notice that it would be entering into cash out settlements with certain PRPs who the EPA stated did not discharge any of the eight hazardous substances identified as a COC in the Lower 8-mile ROD to resolve their alleged liability for OU2. Cash out settlements were finalized in 2018 and 2021 with a total of 21 PRPs. EPA s March 30, 2017 Letter also stated that other parties who did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls (which are considered the COCs posing the greatest risk to the river) may also be eligible for cash out settlements, and that the EPA would begin a process for identifying such other PRPs for negotiation of future cash out settlements and to initiate negotiations with Occidental and other major PRPs for the implementation and funding of the OU2 remedy. In August 2017, the EPA appointed an independent third-party allocation expert to conduct a confidential allocation proceeding that would assign non-binding shares of responsibility to PRPs identified by EPA for cash out settlements. Most of the PRPs identified by EPA, including the Company, participated in the allocation process. Occidental did not participate in the allocation proceedings, but filed a complaint on June 30, 2018, listing over 120 defendants, including us, in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey seeking cost recovery and contribution under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act for response costs incurred and to be incurred relating to the LPRSA, including the investigation, design, and anticipated implementation of the OU2 remedy (the Occidental Lawsuit ). We continue to defend the claims asserted in the Occidental Lawsuit individually and in coordination with a group of several other named defendants known as the Small Parties Group or SPG consistent with our defenses in the related proceedings. On December 20, 2022, the parties filed an uncontested motion to stay the Occidental Lawsuit proceedings for six months while the court considers a proposed consent decree, discussed below, which, if approved, would bar the claims asserted against us for past and/or future response costs relating to the LPRSA, including the OU2 remedy. 
 The allocator issued a final Allocation Recommendation Report in December 2020, which was based upon an allocation methodology approved by EPA that contains associated allocation shares for each of the parties invited to participate in the allocation, including Occidental - who the allocator concluded was responsible for more than 99 of the costs to implement the OU2 remedy. As a result of the allocation process, the EPA and 85 parties (the Settling Parties ), including us, began settlement negotiations and reached an agreement on a cash-out settlement to resolve their alleged liability for the remediation of the entire LPRSA. The EPA concluded that the Settling Parties, individually and collectively, were responsible for only a minor share of the response costs incurred and to be incurred at or in connection with implementing the OU2 and OU4 remedies for the entire 17-mile Lower Passaic River. 
 28 

In December 2022, the EPA and the Settling Parties finalized their agreement in a proposed consent decree CD ), pursuant to which and without admitting liability, the Settling Parties agree to pay EPA the collective sum of 150 million in exchange for contribution protection from claims by non-settling PRPs (including Occidental) for the matters addressed in the CD and the issuance of a notice of completion by EPA of both the 2007 RI/FS AOC and the 10.9 AOC, upon completion of certain defined tasks in the CD. All 85 Settling Parties contributed an agreed upon share of the settlement amount, which are subject to a confidentiality agreement. Our settlement contribution is in line with our legal reserves previously established and transferred to an escrow account based on likelihoods reasonably known to us at this time. On December 16, 2022, the United States filed an action in the New Jersey District Court against the Settling Defendants which included lodging of the proposed CD to resolve claims against the Settling Parties for costs associated with cleaning up the LPRSA. This action (the CD Action is subject to public comment and court approval. On December 22, 2022, the EPA published a notice of lodging of the proposed CD in the Federal Register, opening a 45-day public comment period, which was subsequently extended to 90-days. On December 23, 2022, Occidental filed a motion to intervene in the CD Action contending that it intends to challenge the proposed CD and seek to preserve its contribution claims against the Settling Parties in the pending Occidental Lawsuit. 
 If the CD Action is approved in its current form, our alleged liability to the EPA as well as any non-settling parties, including Occidental, for the remediation of the entire 17-mile Lower Passaic River and its tributaries will be resolved. In the event the District Court does not approve the proposed CD, based on currently known facts and circumstances, including, among other factors, the EPA s conclusion that we are individually and collectively with numerous other parties only responsible for a minor share of the response costs incurred or to be incurred in connection with the LPRSA, our relative participation in the costs related to the 2007 AOC and 10.9 AOC, our belief that there was not any use or discharge of dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls in connection with our former petroleum storage operations at our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal, and that there are numerous other parties who will likely bear the costs of remediation and/or damages, we do not believe that resolution of the Lower Passaic River proceedings as relates to us is reasonably likely to have a material impact on our results of operations. Nevertheless, if the proposed CD is not approved by the District Court in its current form, performance of the EPA s selected remedies for the LPRSA may be subject to future negotiation, potential enforcement proceedings and/or possible litigation and, on this basis, our ultimate liability in the pending and possible future proceedings pertaining to the LPRSA remains uncertain and subject to contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. The Company has established an estimated legal reserve and transferred funds to an escrow account based on likelihoods reasonably known to us at this time, however it is possible that circumstances may change and losses related to the Lower Passaic River proceedings could exceed the amounts we have accrued. 
 For additional information see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. 
 Item 4. Mine Sa fety Disclosures 
 None. 
 29 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholde r Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Capital Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: GTY). There were approximately 40,505 beneficial holders of our common stock as of February 1, 2023, of which approximately 800 were holders of record. 
 For a discussion of potential limitations on our ability to pay future dividends see Item 1A. Risk Factors We may change our dividend policy and the dividends we pay may be subject to significant volatility and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 

Source: SNL Financial 

12/30/2017 

12/31/2018 

12/31/2019 

12/29/2020 

12/29/2021 

12/30/2022 

Getty Realty Corp. 

100.00 

115.23 

141.12 

117.39 

142.03 

160.45 

Standard Poor's 500 

100.00 

97.76 

120.56 

146.45 

191.04 

155.59 

Peer Group 

100.00 

110.99 

146.50 

117.99 

158.25 

136.92 

Assumes 100 invested at the close of the last day of trading on the New York Stock Exchange on December 31, 2017, in Getty Realty Corp. common stock, Standard Poor s 500 and Peer Group. 
 30 

Cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 We have chosen as our Peer Group the following companies: Agree Realty Corporation, EPR Properties, Essential Properties Realty Trust, Four Corners Properties Trust, NETSTREIT Corp., and One Liberty Properties. We have chosen these companies as our Peer Group because a substantial segment of each of their businesses is owning and leasing single tenant net lease retail properties. We cannot assure you that our stock performance will continue in the future with the same or similar trends depicted in the performance graph above. We do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stock performance. 
 The above performance graph and related information shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing that we make under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 31 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to help the reader understand our operations and our present business environment from the perspective of management. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements the sections in Part I entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . We use certain non-GAAP measures that are more fully described below under the caption Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures, which we believe are appropriate supplemental non-GAAP measures of the performance of REITs used by our management, as well as REIT analysts. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 General 
 Real Estate Investment Trust 
 We are a net lease REIT specializing in the acquisition, financing and development of convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. Our portfolio is comprised of convenience stores, car wash properties, automotive service centers (gasoline and repair, oil and maintenance, tire and battery, and collision), automotive parts retailers, and certain other freestanding retail properties, including drive-thru quick service restaurants. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included 1,039 properties, including 997 properties owned by us and 42 properties that we leased from third-party landlords. As a REIT, we are not subject to federal corporate income tax on the taxable income we distribute to our stockholders. In order to continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we are required, among other things, to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary taxable income to our stockholders each year. 
 Our Properties 
 Our 1,039 properties are located in 38 states and Washington D.C. and include a concentration in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions that we believe is unique and not readily available for purchase or lease from other owners or landlords. Our typical property consists of approximately one acre of land in a larger metropolitan area and is used as a convenience store, express tunnel car wash, automotive service center, automotive parts retailer, or certain other freestanding retailers, including drive-thru quick service restaurants. Many of our properties are located at highly trafficked urban intersections or conveniently close to highway entrances or exit ramps. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased 1,034 of our properties to tenants under triple-net leases, including 866 properties leased under 37 separate unitary or master triple-net leases, and 168 properties leased under single unit triple-net leases. These leases generally provide for an initial term of 15 or 20 years, with options for successive renewal terms of up to 20 years, and periodic rent escalations. As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average remaining lease term, excluding renewal options, was 8.8 years. 
 Substantially all of our properties are leased to convenience store operators, petroleum distributors, car wash operators and other automotive-related and retail tenants. Our tenants either operate their business at our properties directly or, in the case of certain convenience stores and gasoline and repair stations, sublet our properties and supply fuel to third parties that operate the businesses. For additional information regarding risks related to our tenants dependence on the performance of the industry, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Significant number of our tenants depend on the same industry for their revenues in this Form 10-K. 
 Our triple-net lease tenants are responsible for the payment of all taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and other operating expenses relating to our properties, and are also responsible for environmental contamination occurring during the terms of their leases and in certain cases also for environmental contamination that existed before their leases commenced. For additional information regarding our environmental obligations, see Note 5 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were also actively redeveloping three of our properties as new convenience stores or for alternative single tenant retail uses, and two of our properties were vacant. 
 Investment Strategy and Activity 
 As part of our strategy to grow and diversify our portfolio, we regularly review acquisition and financing opportunities to invest in additional convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. We primarily pursue sale leaseback transactions with existing and prospective tenants and will pursue other transactions, including forward commitments to acquire new-to-industry construction and the acquisition of assets with in-place leases, that result in us owning fee simple interests in our properties. Our investment activities may also include purchase money financing with respect to properties we sell, real property loans relating to our leasehold properties and construction loans. Our investment strategy seeks to generate current income and benefit from long-term appreciation in the underlying value of our real estate. To achieve that goal, we seek to invest in well-located, freestanding properties 
 32 

that support automobility and provide convenience and service to consumers in major markets across the country. A key element of our investment strategy is to invest in properties that will enhance our property type, tenant and geographic diversification. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 157.5 million across 52 properties, including the acquisition of fee simple interests in 40 properties for an aggregate purchase price of 137.3 million. The properties we acquired included nine convenience stores, 16 car wash properties, 14 automotive services centers and one drive-thru quick service restaurant. We also advanced construction loans in the amount of 20.2 million, including accrued interest, for the development of 12 new-to-industry convenience stores and car wash properties. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested 200.0 million across 100 properties, including the acquisition of fee simple interests in 97 properties for an aggregate purchase price of 194.3 million. The properties we acquired included 25 convenience stores, 17 car wash properties, 54 automotive services centers and one drive-thru quick service restaurant. We also advanced construction loans in the amount of 5.7 million, including accrued interest, for the development of three new-to-industry convenience stores. 
 For additional information regarding our property acquisitions, see Note 12 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Redevelopment Strategy and Activity 
 We believe that certain of our properties, primarily those currently being used as gas and repair businesses, are well-suited to be redeveloped as new convenience stores or other single tenant retail uses, such as automotive parts, quick service restaurants, bank branches and specialty retail. We believe that the redeveloped properties can be leased or sold at higher values than their current use. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, rent commenced on two and five completed redevelopment projects, respectively, that were placed back into service in our net lease portfolio. Since the inception of our redevelopment program in 2015, we have completed 26 redevelopment projects. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 0.1 million (net of write-offs) of construction-in-progress costs related to our redevelopment activities and transferred 36 thousand of construction-in-progress to buildings and improvements on our consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we spent 0.3 million (net of write-offs) of construction-in-progress costs related to our redevelopment activities and transferred 0.4 million of construction-in-progress to buildings and improvements on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had three properties under active redevelopment and others in various stages of feasibility planning for potential recapture from our net lease portfolio, including one property for which we have signed a new lease and which will be transferred to redevelopment when the appropriate entitlements, permits and approvals have been secured. 
 Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures 
 We manage our business to enhance the value of our real estate portfolio and, as a REIT, place particular emphasis on minimizing risk, to the extent feasible, and generating cash sufficient to make required distributions to stockholders of at least 90 of our ordinary taxable income each year. In addition to measurements defined by GAAP, we also focus on Funds From Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds From Operations AFFO to measure our performance. As previously disclosed, beginning with our results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2021, we updated our definition of AFFO to include adjustments for stock-based compensation and amortization of debt issuance costs. We believe that conforming to this market practice for calculating AFFO improves the comparability of this measure of performance to other net lease REITs. 
 FFO and AFFO are generally considered by analysts and investors to be appropriate supplemental non-GAAP measures of the performance of REITs. FFO and AFFO are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, FFO and AFFO are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Neither FFO nor AFFO represent cash generated from operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP and therefore these measures should not be considered an alternative for GAAP net earnings or as a measure of liquidity. These measures should only be used to evaluate our performance in conjunction with corresponding GAAP measures. 
 FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT as GAAP net earnings before (i) depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, (ii) gains or losses on dispositions of real estate assets, (iii) impairment charges, and (iv) the cumulative effect of accounting changes. 
 We define AFFO as FFO excluding (i) certain revenue recognition adjustments (defined below), (ii) certain environmental adjustments (defined below), (iii) stock-based compensation, (iv) amortization of debt issuance costs and (v) other non-cash and/or unusual items that are not reflective of our core operating performance. 
 Other REITs may use definitions of FFO and/or AFFO that are different than ours and, accordingly, may not be comparable. 
 33 

We believe that FFO and AFFO are helpful to analysts and investors in measuring our performance because both FFO and AFFO exclude various items included in GAAP net earnings that do not relate to, or are not indicative of, the core operating performance of our portfolio. Specifically, FFO excludes items such as depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, gains or losses on dispositions of real estate assets, and impairment charges. With respect to AFFO, we further exclude the impact of (i) deferred rental revenue (straight-line rent), the net amortization of above-market and below-market leases, adjustments recorded for the recognition of rental income from direct financing leases, and the amortization of deferred lease incentives (collectively, Revenue Recognition Adjustments ), (ii) environmental accretion expenses, environmental litigation accruals, insurance reimbursements, legal settlements and judgments, and changes in environmental remediation estimates (collectively, Environmental Adjustments ), (iii) stock-based compensation expense, (iv) amortization of debt issuance costs and (v) other items, which may include allowances for credit losses on notes and mortgages receivable and direct financing leases, losses on extinguishment of debt, retirement and severance costs, and other items that do not impact our recurring cash flow and which are not indicative of our core operating performance. 
 We pay particular attention to AFFO which we believe provides the most useful depiction of the core operating performance of its portfolio. By providing AFFO, we believe we are presenting information that assists analysts and investors in their assessment of our core operating performance, as well as the sustainability of our core operating performance with the sustainability of the core operating performance of other real estate companies. 
 A reconciliation of net earnings to FFO and AFFO is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net earnings 

90,043 

62,860 

69,388 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 

39,902 

35,518 

30,191 

Gains on dispositions of real estate 

(16,423) 

(16,718) 

(4,548) 

Impairments 

3,545 

4,404 

4,258 

Funds from operations (FFO) 

117,067 

86,064 

99,289 

Revenue recognition adjustments 

Deferred rental revenue (straight-line rent) 

(3,458) 

(2,778) 

(2,903) 

Amortization of above and below market leases, net 

(1,184) 

(1,221) 

(1,438) 

Amortization of investments in direct financing leases 

5,392 

4,844 

4,210 

Amortization of lease incentives 

1,198 

1,119 

1,026 

Total revenue recognition adjustments 

1,948 

1,964 

895 

Environmental Adjustments 

Accretion expense 

1,259 

1,705 

1,841 

Changes in environmental estimates 

(23,837) 

(1,768) 

(3,135) 

Environmental litigation accruals 

279 

1,909 

85 

Insurance reimbursements 

(85) 

(92) 

(142) 

Legal settlements and judgments 

(493) 

(21,300) 

Total environmental adjustments 

(22,384) 

1,261 

(22,651) 

Other Adjustments 

Stock-based compensation expense 

4,775 

3,997 

3,130 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

946 

1,013 

1,053 

Allowance for credit loss on notes and mortgages receivable and direct financing leases 

50 

(132) 

368 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

1,233 

Retirement and severance costs 

85 

800 

Total other adjustments 

5,856 

5,678 

5,784 

Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) 

102,487 

94,967 

83,317 

Basic per share amounts: 

Net earnings 

1.88 

1.37 

1.62 

FFO (1) 

2.45 

1.88 

2.32 

AFFO (1) 

2.14 

2.08 

1.94 

Diluted per share amounts: 

Net earnings 

1.88 

1.37 

1.62 

FFO (1) 

2.44 

1.88 

2.31 

AFFO (1) 

2.14 

2.08 

1.94 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

46,730 

44,782 

42,040 

Diluted 

46,838 

44,819 

42,070 

34 

(1) Dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated, if any, to unvested restricted stockholders are deducted from FFO and AFFO for the computation of the per share amounts. The following amounts were deducted: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

FFO 

2,734 

1,771 

1,939 

AFFO 

2,394 

1,915 

1,627 

Results of Operations 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents select data and comparative results from the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenues: 

Revenues from rental properties 

163,889 

153,886 

10,003 

Interest on notes and mortgages receivable 

1,699 

1,522 

177 

Operating expenses: 

Property costs 

21,553 

22,048 

(495) 

Impairments 

3,545 

4,404 

(859) 

Environmental 

(20,902) 

3,548 

(24,450) 

General and administrative 

20,621 

20,151 

470 

Depreciation and amortization 

39,902 

35,518 

4,384 

Other items: 

Gains on dispositions of real estate 

16,423 

16,718 

(295) 

Interest expense 

27,662 

24,672 

2,990 

Revenues from Rental Properties 
 The following table presents the results for revenues from rental properties for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Rental income 

149,098 

138,691 

10,407 

Revenue recognition adjustments 

(1,948) 

(1,964) 

16 

Tenant reimbursement income 

16,739 

17,159 

(420) 

Total revenues from rental properties 

163,889 

153,886 

10,003 

Rental income includes base rental income and additional rental income, if any, based on the aggregate volume of fuel sold at certain properties. The increase in rental income was primarily due to additional base rental income from properties acquired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as rent commencements from completed redevelopments and contractual rent increases for certain in-place leases, partially offset by dispositions of real estate during the same period. 
 In accordance with GAAP, we recognize revenues from rental properties in amounts which vary from the amount of rent contractually due during the periods presented. As a result, revenues from rental properties include revenue recognition adjustments comprised of (i) non-cash adjustments recorded for deferred rental revenue due to the recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis over the current lease term, (ii) the net amortization of above-market and below-market leases, (iii) recognition of rental income under direct financing leases using the effective interest rate method which produces a constant periodic rate of return on the net investments in the leased properties, and (iv) the amortization of deferred lease incentives. 
 Tenant reimbursements consist of real estate taxes and other municipal charges paid by us which are reimbursable by our tenants pursuant to the terms of triple-net lease agreements. 
 Interest on Notes and Mortgages Receivable 
 The increase in interest on notes and mortgages receivable was primarily due to an increase in construction loan advances for the development of new-to-industry properties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, partially offset by collections of notes and mortgages receivable during the same period. 
 35 

Property Costs 
 Property costs are comprised of (i) property operating expenses, including rent expense, reimbursable and non-reimbursable real estate taxes and municipal charges, certain state and local taxes, and maintenance expenses, and (ii) leasing and redevelopment expenses, including professional fees, demolition costs, and redevelopment project cost write-offs, if any. 
 The following table presents the results for property costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Property operating expenses 

20,843 

21,608 

(765) 

Leasing and redevelopment expenses 

710 

440 

270 

Total property costs 

21,553 

22,048 

(495) 

The decrease in property costs was primarily due to a decrease in property expenses driven by lower rent expense and reimbursable and non-reimbursable real estate taxes, partially offset by an increase in state and local taxes, as well as an increase in leasing and redevelopment expenses driven by an increase in demolition costs for redevelopment projects. 
 Impairment Charges 
 Impairment charges are recorded when the carrying value of a property is reduced to fair value. Impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were attributable to (i) the addition of asset retirement costs to certain properties due to changes in estimates associated with our environmental liabilities, which increased the carrying values of these properties in excess of their fair values, (ii) reductions in estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be received during the assumed holding period for certain of our properties, and (iii) reductions in estimated sales prices from third-party offers based on signed contracts, letters of intent or indicative bids for certain of our properties. 
 Environmental Expenses 
 The decrease in environmental expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a reduction in estimates related to unknown environmental liabilities. Specifically, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that there was no material continued risk of having to satisfy contractual obligations relating to preexisting unknown environmental contamination at certain properties. Accordingly, we removed 23.5 million of unknown reserve liabilities which had previously been accrued for these properties. This resulted in a net credit of 22.2 million being recorded to environmental expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a decrease in environmental litigation accruals of 1.6 million. 
 Environmental expenses vary from period to period and, accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on the magnitude or the direction of change in reported environmental expenses for one period, as compared to prior periods. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a 1.1 million increase in employee-related expenses, including a 0.8 million increase in stock-based compensation, partially offset by a 0.7 million reduction in non-recurring employee-related expenses and a 0.4 million decrease in legal and other professional fees. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to additional depreciation and amortization from properties acquired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation charges related to asset retirement costs, the effect of certain assets becoming fully depreciated, lease terminations and dispositions of real estate during the same period. 
 Gains on Disposition of Real Estate 
 The gains on dispositions of real estate were primarily the result of the sale of 24 and 16 properties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase in interest expense was due to higher average borrowings and higher average interest rates for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 Our primary uses of liquidity include payments of operating expenses, interest on our outstanding debt and environmental remediation costs, distributions to shareholders, and future acquisitions and redevelopment projects. We have not historically incurred significant capital expenditures other than those related to acquisitions. For a discussion of our capital expenditures, see Property Acquisitions and Capital Expenditures. 
 We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through cash flow from operations, funds available under our Revolving Facility, proceeds from new senior unsecured notes that we closed in February 2022, but were not funded until January 2023, proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock pursuant to forward agreements under our ATM Program, and available cash and cash equivalents. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 230.0 million of availability under our Revolving Facility, and our total cash and cash equivalents were 11.2 million. 
 In February 2022, we closed on the private placement of 225.0 million of senior unsecured notes, including (i) 100.0 million of 3.45 notes funded at closing and maturing in February 2032, and (ii) 125 million of 3.65 notes funded in January 2023 and mature in January 2033. Proceeds from the notes funded at closing were used to repay all amounts outstanding on the Revolving Facility and for general corporate purposes, including to fund investment activity. Proceeds from the delayed funding notes were used to prepay 75 million of 5.35 senior unsecured notes maturing in June 2023 and for general corporate purposes, including to fund investment activity. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into forward sale agreements to sell an aggregate of 3.7 million common shares for anticipated gross proceeds of 117.6 million through our ATM Program. 
 We anticipate meeting our longer-term capital needs through cash flow from operations, funds available under our Revolving Facility, available cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from future real estate asset sales, and the future issuance of shares of common stock or debt securities. 
 Our cash flow activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities 

93,086 

86,818 

6,268 

Net cash flow used in investing activities 

(139,056) 

(169,732) 

30,676 

Net cash flow provided by financing activities 

30,758 

52,321 

(21,563) 

Operating Activities 
 The change in net cash flow provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily the result of changes in revenues and expenses as discussed in Results of Operations above and the other changes in assets and liabilities as presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Investing Activities 
 The change in net cash flow used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to a reduction in property acquisitions of 57.0 million, partially offset by an 11.6 million increase in deposits for property acquisitions, a 9.0 million decrease in collections of notes and mortgages receivable, and an increase of 5.8 million in issuance of notes and mortgages receivable. 
 Financing Activities 
 The change in net cash flow provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from issuances of common stock of 92.5 million and an increase in dividends paid of 7.5 million, partially offset by an increase in net borrowings of 75.0 million. 
 Credit Agreement 
 The Second Restated Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 and includes an accordion feature to increase the revolving commitments or add one or more tranches of term loans up to an additional aggregate amount not to exceed 300 million, subject to certain conditions, including one or more new or existing lenders agreeing to provide commitments for such increased amount and that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the terms of the Revolving Facility. 
 The Revolving Facility matures October 27, 2025, subject to two six-month extensions (for a total of 12 months) exercisable at our option. Our exercise of an extension option is subject to the absence of any default under the Second Restated Credit Agreement 
 37 

and our compliance with certain conditions, including the payment of extension fees to the Lenders under the Revolving Facility and that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the terms of the Revolving Facility. 
 In December 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Second Restated Credit Agreement to transition the applicable interest rates and default rate thereunder from LIBOR-based rates to SOFR-based rates. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) the sum of a SOFR rate plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 plus a margin of 1.30 to 1.90 or (ii) the sum of a base rate plus a margin of 0.30 to 0.90 based on our consolidated total indebtedness to total asset value ratio at the end of each quarterly reporting period. 
 The per annum rate of the unused line fee on the undrawn funds under the Revolving Facility is 0.15 to 0.25 based on our daily unused portion of the available Revolving Facility. 
 The Second Restated Credit Agreement contains customary financial covenants, including covenants with respect to total leverage, secured leverage and unsecured leverage ratios, fixed charge and interest coverage ratios, and minimum tangible net worth, as well as limitations on restricted payments, which may limit our ability to incur additional debt or pay dividends. The Second Restated Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including cross default provisions with respect to our senior unsecured notes. Any event of default, if not cured or waived in a timely manner, could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness under the Second Restated Credit Agreement and could also give rise to an event of default and the acceleration of our senior unsecured notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the material terms of the Second Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 In February 2022, we entered into a sixth amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Prudential (the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement pursuant to which, in January 2023, we issued 80.0 million of 3.65 Series Q Guaranteed Senior Notes due January 20, 2033 (the Series Q Notes to Prudential and used the proceeds to repay the 75.0 million of 5.35 Series B Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 2, 2023 (the Series B Notes outstanding under our fifth amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with Prudential (the Fifth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement ). The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under the Fifth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement, including (i) 50.0 million of 4.75 Series C Guaranteed Senior Notes due February 25, 2025 (the Series C Notes ), (ii) 50.0 million of 5.47 Series D Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 21, 2028 (the Series D Notes ), (iii) 50.0 million of 3.52 Series F Guaranteed Senior Notes due September 12, 2029 (the Series F Notes and (iv) 100.0 million of 3.43 Series I Guaranteed Senior Notes due November 25, 2030 (the Series I Notes ), remain outstanding under the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a second amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with American General Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, AIG (the Second Amended and Restated AIG Agreement pursuant to which we issued 55.0 million of 3.45 Series L Guaranteed Senior Notes due February 22, 2032 (the Series L Notes to AIG. The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under our first amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with AIG (the First Amended and Restated AIG Agreement ), including (i) 50.0 million of 3.52 Series G Guaranteed Senior Notes due September 12, 2029 (the Series G Notes and (ii) 50.0 million of 3.43 Series J Guaranteed Senior Notes due November 25, 2030 (the Series J Notes ), remain outstanding under the Second Amended and Restated AIG Agreement. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a second amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, MassMutual (the Second Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement pursuant to which we issued 20.0 million of 3.45 Series M Guaranteed Senior Notes due February 22, 2032 (the Series M Notes and, in January 2023, 20.0 million of 3.65 Series O Guaranteed Senior Notes due January 20, 2033 (the Series O Notes to MassMutual. The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under our first amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with MassMutual (the First Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement ), including (i) 25.0 million of 3.52 Series H Guaranteed Senior Notes due September 12, 2029 (the Series H Notes and (ii) 25.0 million of 3.43 Series K Guaranteed Senior Notes due November 25, 2030 (the Series K Notes ), remain outstanding under the Second Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a note purchase and guarantee agreement with New York Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, New York Life (the New York Life Agreement pursuant to which we issued 25.0 million of 3.45 Series N Guaranteed Senior Notes due February 22, 2032 (the Series N Notes and, in January 2023, 25.0 million of 3.65 Series P Guaranteed Senior Notes due January 20, 2033 (the Series P Notes to New York Life. 
 On June 21, 2018, we entered into a note purchase and guarantee agreement with MetLife and certain of its affiliates (collectively, MetLife (the MetLife Agreement pursuant to which we issued 50.0 million of 5.47 Series E Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 21, 2028 (the Series E Notes to MetLife. 
 38 

The funded and outstanding Series B Notes, Series C Notes, Series D Notes, Series E Notes, Series F Note, Series G Notes, Series H Notes, Series I Notes, Series J Notes, Series K Notes, Series L Notes, Series M Notes and Series N Notes are collectively referred to the senior unsecured notes . 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of the material terms of our senior unsecured notes. 
 For additional information regarding our senior secured notes, see Note 4 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 Debt Maturities 
 The amounts outstanding under the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes, exclusive of extension options, are as follows (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

Maturity Date 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revolving Facility 
 
 October 2025 
 
 5.60 

70,000 

60,000 

Series B Notes (a) 
 
 June 2023 
 
 5.35 

75,000 

75,000 

Series C Notes 
 
 February 2025 
 
 4.75 

50,000 

50,000 

Series D-E Notes 
 
 June 2028 
 
 5.47 

100,000 

100,000 

Series F-G Notes 
 
 September 2029 
 
 3.52 

125,000 

125,000 

Series I-K Notes 
 
 November 2030 
 
 3.43 

175,000 

175,000 

Series L-N Notes 
 
 February 2032 
 
 3.45 

100,000 

Total debt 

695,000 

585,000 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net (b) 

(3,545) 

(3,880) 

Total debt, net 

691,455 

581,120 

(a) Pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement, we issued 80,000 of 3.65 Series Q Notes due January 20, 2033 to Prudential in January 2023 and used a portion of the proceeds to repay in full the 75,000 of 5.35 Series B Notes due June 2, 2023. 

(b) Unamortized debt issuance costs, related to the Revolving Facility, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, of 2,036 and 2,730, respectively, are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

ATM Program 
 In March 2018, we established an at-the-market equity offering program (the 2018 ATM Program ), pursuant to which we were able to issue and sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to 125.0 million through a consortium of banks acting as agents. The 2018 ATM Program was terminated in January 2021. 
 In February 2021, we established an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ), pursuant to which we are able to issue and sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to 250.0 million through a consortium of banks acting as our sales agents or acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made, as needed, from time to time in at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or as otherwise agreed to with the applicable agent. 
 The use of a forward sale agreement allows us to lock in a share price on the sale of shares at the time the forward sales agreement becomes effective but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. To account for the forward sale agreements, we considered the accounting guidance governing financial instruments and derivatives. To date, we have concluded that our forward sale agreements are not liabilities as they do not embody obligations to repurchase our shares nor do they embody obligations to issue a variable number of shares for which the monetary value are predominantly fixed, varying with something other than the fair value of the shares, or varying inversely in relation to our shares. 
 We also evaluated whether the agreements meet the derivatives and hedging guidance scope exception to be accounted for as equity instruments. We concluded that the agreements are classifiable as equity contracts based on the following assessments: (i) none of the agreements exercise contingencies are based on observable markets or indices besides those related to the market for the Company s own stock price and operations; and (ii) none of the settlement provisions precluded the agreements from being indexed to its own stock. 
 We consider the potential dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements on the earnings per share calculations and use the treasury stock method to determine the dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements during the period of time prior to settlement. 
 39 

ATM Direct Issuances 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, no shares of common stock were issued under the ATM Program. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued a total of 3.0 million shares of common stock and received net proceeds of 92.3 million under the ATM Program and the 2018 ATM Program. 
 Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. 
 ATM Forward Agreements 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into forward sale agreements to sell an aggregate of 3.7 million shares of common stock at an average gross offering price of 31.61 per share. No shares were settled during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We expect to settle the forward sale agreements in full within 12 months of the respective agreement dates via physical delivery of the outstanding shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds, although we may elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements, subject to certain conditions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not enter into any forward sale agreements under the ATM Program. 
 Dividends 
 We elected to be treated as a REIT under the federal income tax laws with the year beginning January 1, 2001. To qualify for taxation as a REIT, we must, among other requirements such as those related to the composition of our assets and gross income, distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income, including taxable income that is accrued by us without a corresponding receipt of cash. 
 It is also possible that instead of distributing 100 of our taxable income on an annual basis, we may decide to retain a portion of our taxable income and to pay taxes on such amounts as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service. Payment of dividends is subject to market conditions, our financial condition, including but not limited to, our continued compliance with the provisions of the Second Restated Credit Agreement, our senior unsecured notes and other factors, and therefore is not assured. In particular, the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes prohibit the payment of dividends during certain events of default. 
 Regular quarterly dividends paid to our stockholders aggregated 78.3 million, 70.8 million and 62.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends at historical rates. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our significant contractual obligations and commitments, excluding extension options and unamortized debt issuance costs, as of December 31, 2022, were comprised of borrowings under the Second Restated Credit Agreement, our senior unsecured notes, operating and finance lease payments due to landlords, estimated environmental remediation expenditures and our funding commitments for capital improvements at certain properties. 
 Generally, leases with our tenants are triple-net leases with the tenant responsible for the operations conducted at our properties and for the payment of taxes, maintenance, repair, insurance, environmental remediation and other operating expenses. 
 We have no significant contractual obligations that are not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or fully disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Exchange Act. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. Although we have made estimates, judgments and assumptions regarding future uncertainties relating to the information included in our consolidated financial statements, giving due consideration to the accounting policies selected and materiality, actual results could differ from these estimates, judgments and assumptions and such differences could be material. 
 Estimates, judgments and assumptions underlying the accompanying consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, real estate, receivables, deferred rent receivable, direct financing leases, depreciation and amortization, impairment of long-lived assets, environmental remediation obligations, litigation, accrued liabilities, income taxes and the allocation of the purchase price of properties acquired to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The information included in our consolidated financial statements that is based on estimates, judgments and assumptions is subject to significant change and is adjusted as circumstances change and as the uncertainties become more clearly defined. 
 40 

Our accounting policies are described in Note 1 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The SEC s Financial Reporting Release FRR No. 60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies FRR 60 ), suggests that companies provide additional disclosure on those accounting policies considered most critical. FRR 60 considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations and requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. We believe that our most critical accounting policies relate to revenue recognition and deferred rent receivable, direct financing leases, impairment of long-lived assets, environmental remediation obligations, litigation, income taxes, and the allocation of the purchase price of properties acquired to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as described below. 
 Revenue Recognition and Deferred Rent Receivable 
 We earn revenue primarily from operating leases with our tenants. We recognize income under leases with our tenants, on the straight-line method, which effectively recognizes contractual lease payments evenly over the current term of the leases. The present value of the difference between the fair market rent and the contractual rent for in-place leases at the time properties are acquired is amortized into revenue from rental properties over the remaining lives of the in-place leases. A critical assumption in applying the straight-line accounting method is that the tenant will make all contractual lease payments during the current lease term and that the net deferred rent receivable balance will be collected when the payment is due, in accordance with the annual rent escalations provided for in the leases. We may be required to reserve, or provide reserves for a portion of, the recorded deferred rent receivable if it becomes apparent that the tenant may not make all of its contractual lease payments when due during the current term of the lease . 
 The present value of the difference between the fair market rent and the contractual rent for above-market and below-market leases at the time properties are acquired is amortized into revenues from rental properties over the remaining terms of the in-place leases. Lease termination fees are recognized as other income when earned upon the termination of a tenant s lease and relinquishment of space in which we have no further obligation to the tenant. 
 The sales of nonfinancial assets, such as real estate, are to be recognized when control of the asset transfers to the buyer, which will occur when the buyer has the ability to direct the use of or obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset. This generally occurs when the transaction closes and consideration is exchanged for control of the property. 
 Direct Financing Leases 
 Income under direct financing leases is included in revenues from rental properties and is recognized over the lease terms using the effective interest rate method which produces a constant periodic rate of return on the net investments in the leased properties. The investments in direct financing leases represents the investments in leased assets accounted for as direct financing leases. The investments in direct financing leases are increased for interest income earned and amortized over the life of the leases and reduced by the receipt of lease payments. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Real estate assets represent long-lived assets for accounting purposes. We review the recorded value of long-lived assets for impairment in value whenever any events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. We may become aware of indicators of potentially impaired assets upon tenant or landlord lease renewals, upon receipt of notices of potential governmental takings and zoning issues, or upon other events that occur in the normal course of business that would cause us to review the operating results of the property. We believe our real estate assets are not carried at amounts in excess of their estimated net realizable fair value amounts. 
 Environmental Remediation Obligations 
 We provide for the estimated fair value of future environmental remediation obligations when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. See Environmental Matters below for additional information. Environmental liabilities net of related recoveries are measured based on their expected future cash flows which have been adjusted for inflation and discounted to present value. Since environmental exposures are difficult to assess and estimate and knowledge about these liabilities is not known upon the occurrence of a single event, but rather is gained over a continuum of events, we believe that it is appropriate that our accrual estimates are adjusted as the remediation treatment progresses, as circumstances change and as environmental contingencies become more clearly defined and reasonably estimable. A critical assumption in accruing for these liabilities is that the state environmental laws and regulations will be administered and enforced in the future in a manner that is consistent with past practices. Environmental liabilities are estimated net of recoveries of environmental costs from state UST remediation funds, with respect to past and future spending based on estimated recovery rates developed from our experience with the funds when such recoveries are considered probable. A critical assumption in accruing for these recoveries is that the state UST fund programs will be administered and funded in the future in a manner that is consistent with past practices and that future environmental spending will be eligible for reimbursement at historical rates under these programs. We accrue environmental liabilities based on our share of responsibility as defined in our lease contracts with our tenants and under various other agreements with others or if circumstances 
 41 

indicate that our counterparty may not have the financial resources to pay its share of the costs. It is possible that our assumptions regarding the ultimate allocation method and share of responsibility that we used to allocate environmental liabilities may change, which may result in material adjustments to the amounts recorded for environmental litigation accruals and environmental remediation liabilities. We may ultimately be responsible to pay for environmental liabilities as the property owner if our tenants or other counterparties fail to pay them. In certain environmental matters the effect on future financial results is not subject to reasonable estimation because considerable uncertainty exists both in terms of the probability of loss and the estimate of such loss. The ultimate liabilities resulting from such lawsuits and claims, if any, may be material to our results of operations in the period in which they are recognized. 
 Litigation 
 Legal fees related to litigation are expensed as legal services are performed. We provide for litigation accruals, including certain litigation related to environmental matters (see Environmental Litigation below for additional information), when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and a reasonable estimate of the liability can be made. If the estimate of the liability can only be identified as a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum of the range is accrued for the liability. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our financial results generally do not reflect provisions for current or deferred federal income taxes because we elected to be treated as a REIT under the federal income tax laws effective January 1, 2001. Our intention is to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to be treated as a REIT and, as a result, we do not expect to pay substantial corporate-level federal income taxes. Many of the REIT requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet the requirements, we may be subject to federal income tax, excise taxes, penalties and interest or we may have to pay a deficiency dividend to eliminate any earnings and profits that were not distributed. Certain states do not follow the federal REIT rules and we have included provisions for these taxes in property costs. 
 Allocation of the Purchase Price of Properties Acquired 
 Upon acquisition of real estate and leasehold interests, we estimate the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, buildings and improvements) as if vacant and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of leasehold interests, above-market and below-market leases, in-place leases and tenant relationships) and assumed debt. Based on these estimates, we allocate the purchase price to the applicable assets and liabilities. Assumptions used are property and geographic specific and may include, among other things, capitalization rates, market rental rates and EBITDA to rent coverage ratios. 
 Environmental Matters 
 General 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, including matters relating to the protection of the environment such as the remediation of known contamination and the retirement and decommissioning or removal of long-lived assets including buildings containing hazardous materials, USTs and other equipment. Environmental costs are principally attributable to remediation costs which are incurred for, among other things, removing USTs, excavation of contaminated soil and water, installing, operating, maintaining and decommissioning remediation systems, monitoring contamination and governmental agency compliance reporting required in connection with contaminated properties. 
 We enter into leases and various other agreements which contractually allocate responsibility between the parties for known and unknown environmental liabilities at or relating to the subject properties. Under applicable law, we are contingently liable for these environmental obligations in the event that our tenant does not satisfy them, and we are required to accrue for environmental liabilities that we believe are allocable to others under our leases if we determine that it is probable that our tenant will not meet its environmental obligations. It is possible that our assumptions regarding the ultimate allocation method and share of responsibility that we used to allocate environmental liabilities may change, which may result in material adjustments to the amounts recorded for environmental litigation accruals and environmental remediation liabilities. We assess whether to accrue for environmental liabilities based upon relevant factors including our tenants histories of paying for such obligations, our assessment of their financial capability, and their intent to pay for such obligations. However, there can be no assurance that our assessments are correct or that our tenants who have paid their obligations in the past will continue to do so. We may ultimately be responsible to pay for environmental liabilities as the property owner if our tenant fails to pay them. 
 The estimated future costs for known environmental remediation requirements are accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The accrued liability is the aggregate of our estimate of the fair value of cost for each component of the liability, net of estimated recoveries from state UST remediation funds considering estimated recovery rates developed from prior experience with the funds. 
 42 

For substantially all of our triple-net leases, our tenants are contractually responsible for compliance with environmental laws and regulations, removal of USTs at the end of their lease term (the cost of which is mainly the responsibility of our tenant but in certain cases partially paid for by us) and remediation of any environmental contamination that arises during the term of their tenancy. In addition, for substantially all of our triple-net leases, our tenants are contractually responsible for known environmental contamination that existed at the commencement of the lease and for preexisting unknown environmental contamination that is discovered during the term of the lease. 
 For the subset of our triple-net leases which cover properties previously leased to Marketing (substantially all of which commenced in 2012), the allocation of responsibility differs from our other triple-net leases as it relates to preexisting known and unknown contamination. Under the terms of our leases covering properties previously leased to Marketing, we agreed to be responsible for environmental contamination that was known at the time the lease commenced, and for unknown environmental contamination which existed prior to commencement of the lease and which is discovered (other than as a result of a voluntary site investigation) during the first 10 years of the lease term (or a shorter period for a minority of such leases) (a Lookback Period ). Similarly, for certain properties previously leased to Marketing which we have sold, we have agreed to be responsible for environmental contamination that was known at the time of the sale and for unknown environmental contamination which existed prior to the sale and which is discovered (other than as a result of a voluntary site investigation) within 5 years of the closing (also, a Lookback Period ). Substantially all of these Lookback Periods have now expired, therefore responsibility for all newly discovered contamination at these properties, even if it relates to periods prior to commencement of the lease or sale, is the contractual responsibility of our tenant or buyer as the case may be. 
 In the course of UST removals and replacements at certain properties previously leased to Marketing where we retained responsibility for preexisting unknown environmental contamination until expiration of the applicable Lookback Period, environmental contamination has been and continues to be discovered. As a result, we developed an estimate of fair value for the prospective future environmental liability resulting from preexisting unknown environmental contamination and accrued for these estimated costs. These estimates are based primarily upon quantifiable trends which we believe allow us to make reasonable estimates of fair value for the future costs of environmental remediation resulting from the anticipated removal and replacement of USTs. Our accrual of this liability represents our estimate of the fair value of the cost for each component of the liability, net of estimated recoveries from state UST remediation funds considering estimated recovery rates developed from prior experience. In arriving at our accrual, we analyzed the ages and expected useful lives of USTs at properties where we would be responsible for preexisting unknown environmental contamination and we projected a cost to closure for remediation of such contamination. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Lookback Periods for most of the properties we previously leased to Marketing expired. Based on the expiration of the Lookback Periods, together with other factors which have significantly mitigated our potential liability for preexisting environmental obligations, including the absence of any contractual obligations relating to properties which have been sold, quantifiable trends associated with types and ages of USTs at issue, expectations regarding future UST replacements, and historical trends and expectations regarding discovery of preexisting unknown environmental contamination and/or attempted pursuit of the Company therefor, we concluded that there is no material continued risk of having to satisfy contractual obligations relating to preexisting unknown environmental contamination at certain properties. Accordingly, we removed 23.5 million of unknown reserve liabilities which had previously been accrued for these properties. This resulted in a net credit of 22.2 million being recorded to environmental expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 We continue to anticipate that our tenants under leases where the Lookback Periods have expired will replace USTs in the years ahead as these USTs near the end of their expected useful lives. At many of these properties the USTs in use are fabricated with older generation materials and technologies and we believe it is prudent to expect that upon their removal preexisting unknown environmental contamination will be identified. Although contractually these tenants are now responsible for preexisting unknown environmental contamination that is discovered during UST replacements, because the applicable Lookback Periods have expired before the end of the initial term of these leases, together with other relevant factors, we believe there remains continued risk that we will be responsible for remediation of preexisting environmental contamination associated with future UST removals at certain properties. Accordingly, we believe it is appropriate at this time to maintain 11.1 million of unknown reserve liabilities for certain properties with respect to which the Lookback Periods have expired as of December 31, 2022. 
 We measure our environmental remediation liabilities at fair value based on expected future net cash flows, adjusted for inflation (using a range of 2.0 to 2.75 ), and then discount them to present value (using a range of 4.0 to 7.0 ). We adjust our environmental remediation liabilities quarterly to reflect changes in projected expenditures, changes in present value due to the passage of time and reductions in estimated liabilities as a result of actual expenditures incurred during each quarter. As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued a total of 23.2 million for our prospective environmental remediation obligations. This accrual consisted of (a) 10.8 million, which was our estimate of reasonably estimable environmental remediation liability, including obligations to remove USTs for which we are responsible, net of estimated recoveries and (b) 12.4 million for future environmental liabilities related to preexisting unknown contamination. As of December 31, 2021, we had accrued a total of 47.6 million for our prospective environmental remediation obligations. This accrual consisted of (a) 11.4 million, which was our estimate of reasonably estimable environmental remediation liability, including obligations to remove USTs for which we are responsible, net of estimated recoveries and (b) 36.2 million for future environmental liabilities related to preexisting unknown contamination. 
 43 

Environmental liabilities are accreted for the change in present value due to the passage of time and, accordingly, 1.3 million, 1.7 million and 1.8 million of net accretion expense was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in environmental expenses. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded credits to environmental expenses aggregating 23.8 million, 1.8 million and 3.1 million, respectively, where decreases in estimated remediation costs exceeded the depreciated carrying value of previously capitalized asset retirement costs. Environmental expenses also include project management fees, legal fees and environmental litigation accruals. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we increased the carrying values of certain of our properties by 3.3 million and 3.0 million, respectively, due to changes in estimated environmental remediation costs. The recognition and subsequent changes in estimates in environmental liabilities and the increase or decrease in carrying values of the properties are non-cash transactions which do not appear on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Capitalized asset retirement costs are being depreciated over the estimated remaining life of the UST, a 10-year period if the increase in carrying value is related to environmental remediation obligations or such shorter period if circumstances warrant, such as the remaining lease term for properties we lease from others. Depreciation and amortization expense related to capitalized asset retirement costs in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were 3.7 million, 4.0 million and 4.0 million, respectively. Capitalized asset retirement costs were 33.2 million (consisting of 24.7 million of known environmental liabilities and 8.5 million of reserves for future environmental liabilities) as of December 31, 2022, and 39.7 million (consisting of 24.1 million of known environmental liabilities and 15.6 million of reserves for future environmental liabilities) as of December 31, 2021. We recorded impairment charges aggregating 2.5 million and 3.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for capitalized asset retirement costs. 
 For additional information regarding risks related to our potential environmental exposure, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We incur significant operating costs and, from time to time, may have significant liability accruals as a result of environmental laws and regulations, which costs and accruals could significantly increase, and reduce our profitability or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price in this Form 10-K. 
 In July 2012, we purchased a 10-year pollution legal liability insurance policy covering substantially all of our properties at that time for discovery of preexisting unknown environmental liabilities and for new environmental events. The policy had a 50.0 million aggregate limit and was subject to various self-insured retentions and other conditions and limitations. This policy expired in July 2022, although claims made prior to such expiration remain subject to coverage. In September 2022, we purchased a 5-year pollution legal liability insurance policy to cover a subset of our properties which we believe present the greatest risk for discovery of preexisting unknown environmental liabilities and for new environmental events. The policy has a 25.0 million in aggregate limit and is subject to various self-insured retentions and other conditions and limitations. Our intention in purchasing this policy was to obtain protection for certain properties which we believe have the greatest risk of significant environmental events. 
 In light of the uncertainties associated with environmental expenditure contingencies, we are unable to estimate ranges in excess of the amount accrued with any certainty; however, we believe that it is possible that the fair value of future actual net expenditures could be substantially higher than amounts currently recorded by us. Adjustments to accrued liabilities for environmental remediation obligations will be reflected in our consolidated financial statements as they become probable and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. 
 Environmental Litigation 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued 0.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively, for certain of these matters which we believe were appropriate based on information then currently available. It is possible that our assumptions regarding the ultimate allocation method and share of responsibility that we used to allocate environmental liabilities may change, which may result in our providing an accrual, or adjustments to the amounts recorded, for environmental litigation accruals. Matters related to our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal and the Lower Passaic River and MTBE litigations in the states of Pennsylvania and Maryland, in particular, could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. For additional information with respect to these and other pending environmental lawsuits and claims, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 3 in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. 
 44 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk, primarily as a result of the Second Restated Credit Agreement which provides for the Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 million and includes an accordion feature to increase the revolving commitments or add one or more tranches of term loans up to an additional aggregate amount not to exceed 300.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) the sum of a SOFR rate plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 plus a margin of 1.30 to 1.90 or (ii) the sum of a base rate plus a margin of 0.30 to 0.90 based on our consolidated total indebtedness to total asset value ratio at the end of each quarterly reporting period. We use borrowings under the Revolving Facility to finance acquisitions and for general corporate purposes. Borrowings outstanding at variable interest rates under the Revolving Facility as of December 31, 2022, were 70.0 million. 
 Based on our outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility of 70.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase in market interest rates of 1.0 for 2023 would decrease our 2023 net income and cash flows by approximately 0.7 million. This amount was determined by calculating the effect of a hypothetical interest rate change on our borrowings floating at market rates and assumes that the 70.0 million outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility is indicative of our future average floating interest rate borrowings for 2023 before considering additional borrowings required for future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding borrowings from proceeds of future equity offerings. The calculation also assumes that there are no other changes in our financial structure or the terms of our borrowings. Our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates will increase or decrease in the future with increases or decreases in the outstanding amount under our Second Restated Credit Agreement and with increases or decreases in amounts outstanding under borrowing agreements entered into with interest rates floating at market rates. 
 In order to minimize our exposure to credit risk associated with financial instruments, we place our temporary cash investments, if any, with high credit quality institutions. Temporary cash investments, if any, are currently held in an overnight bank time deposit with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and these balances, at times, may exceed federally insurable limits. 
 See Part I. Item. 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 45 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 71 

46 

GETTY REALTY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS: 

Real Estate: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Investment in direct financing leases, net 

Construction in progress 

Real estate held for use 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Real estate held for use, net 

Real estate held for sale, net 

Real estate, net 

Notes and mortgages receivable 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Deferred rent receivable 

Accounts receivable 

Right-of-use assets - operating 

Right-of-use assets - finance 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Borrowings under credit agreement 

Senior unsecured notes, net 

Environmental remediation obligations 

Dividends payable 

Lease liability - operating 

Lease liability - finance 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized; unissu e d 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Dividends paid in excess of earnings 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

GETTY REALTY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Revenues from rental properties 

Interest on notes and mortgages receivable 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Property costs 

Impairments 

Environmental 

() 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Gains on dispositions of real estate 

Operating income 

Other income, net 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Net earnings 

Basic earnings per common share: 

Net Earnings 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

Net Earnings 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

GETTY REALTY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flow provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Impairment charges 

Gains on dispositions of real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Deferred rent receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit loss on notes and mortgages receivable and direct financing leases 

() 

Amortization of above-market and below-market leases 

() 

() 

Amortization of investment in direct financing leases 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Accretion expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Environmental remediation obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Property acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

Addition to construction in progress 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from dispositions of real estate 

Deposits for property acquisitions 

() 

() 

Issuance of notes and mortgages receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Collection of notes and mortgages receivable 

Net cash flow used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Borrowings under credit agreements 

Repayments under credit agreements 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from senior unsecured notes 

Repayments under senior unsecured notes 

() 

Payment for extinguishment of debt 

() 

Payments of finance lease liability 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of cash dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Security deposits refunded 

() 

() 

Payments in settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net - ATM Program 

() 

Net cash flow provided by financing activities 

Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Environmental remediation obligations 

Non-cash transactions 

Dividends declared but not yet paid 

Issuance of notes and mortgages receivable related to property dispositions 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

GETTY REALTY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to for buildings and improvements, or the term of the lease if shorter. Asset retirement costs are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining useful lives of USTs or years for asset retirement costs related to environmental remediation obligations, which costs are attributable to the group of assets identified at a property. Leasehold interests and in-place leases are amortized over the remaining term of the underlying lease. 
 
 , which was recognized as a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings and as a reduction of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of on the notes and mortgages receivable balance on our consolidated balance sheets on January 1, 2020. Periods prior to the adoption date that are presented for comparative purposes were not adjusted. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the allowance for credit losses on notes and mortgages receivable was and , respectively. From time to time, we may originate construction loans for the construction of income-producing properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded construction loans in the amount of and, as of December 31, 2022 construction loans totaling were outstanding. Our construction loans generally provide for funding only during the construction phase, which is typically up to nine months, although our policy is to consider construction periods as long as 24 months. Funds are disbursed based on inspections in accordance with a schedule reflecting the completion of portions of the project. We also review and inspect each property before disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan. At the end of the construction phase, the construction loan will be repaid with the proceeds from the sale of the property. We have the option to purchase the property at the end of the construction period. 
 or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Our cash and cash equivalents are held in the custody of financial institutions, and these balances, at times, may exceed federally insurable limits. 
 and , respectively, consisted of security deposits received from our tenants. 
 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Our estimated fair values, as they relate to property carrying values, were primarily based upon (i) estimated sales prices from third-party offers based on signed contracts, letters of intent or indicative bids, for which we do not have access to the unobservable inputs used to determine these estimated fair values, and/or consideration of the amount that currently would be required to replace the asset, as adjusted for obsolescence (this method was used to determine of the in impairments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022). During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded the remaining impairments of of the due to the accumulation of asset retirement costs as a result of changes in estimates associated with our estimated environmental liabilities which increased the carrying values of certain properties in excess of their fair values. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , impairment charges aggregating , and , respectively, were related to properties that were previously disposed of by us. The estimated fair value of real estate is based on the price that would be received from the sale of the property in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In general, we consider multiple internal valuation techniques when measuring the fair value of a property, all of which are based on unobservable inputs and assumptions that are classified within Level 3 of the Fair Value Hierarchy. These unobservable inputs include assumed holding periods ranging up to years, assumed average rent increases of annually, income capitalized at a rate of and cash flows discounted at a rate of . These assessments have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future rental rates and operating expenses that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. Where properties held for use have been identified as having a potential for sale, additional judgments are required related to the determination as to the appropriate period over which the projected undiscounted cash flows should include the operating cash flows and the amount included as the estimated residual value. This requires significant judgment. In some cases, the results of whether impairment is indicated are sensitive to changes in assumptions input into the estimates, including the holding period until expected sale. 

53 

properties and leased properties from third-party landlords. These properties are located in states across the United States and Washington, D.C. Substantially all of our properties are leased on a triple-net basis to convenience store operators, petroleum distributors, car wash operators and other automotive-related and retail tenants. Our tenants either operate their business at our properties directly or, in the case of certain convenience stores and gasoline and repair stations, sublet our properties and supply fuel to third parties that operate the businesses. Our triple-net lease tenants are responsible for the payment of all taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and other operating expenses relating to our properties, and are also responsible for environmental contamination occurring during the terms of their leases and in certain cases also for environmental contamination that existed before their leases commenced. For additional information regarding our environmental obligations, see Note 5 Environmental Obligations. The majority of our tenants financial results depend on convenience store sales, the sale of refined petroleum products and/or the sale of automotive services and parts. As a result, our tenants financial results can be dependent on the performance of the automobile manufacturing, petroleum marketing and automobile aftermarket industries, each of which are highly competitive and can be subject to variability. During the terms of our leases, we monitor the credit quality of our triple-net lease tenants by reviewing their published credit rating, if available, reviewing publicly available financial statements, or reviewing financial or other operating statements which are delivered to us pursuant to applicable lease agreements, monitoring news reports regarding our tenants and their respective businesses, and monitoring the timeliness of lease payments and the performance of other financial covenants under their leases. Pursuant to ASU 2016-02, for leases in which we are the lessor, we are (i) retaining classification of our historical leases as we were not required to reassess classification upon adoption of the new standard, (ii) expensing indirect leasing costs in connection with new or extended tenant leases, the recognition of which would have been deferred under prior accounting guidance and (iii) aggregating revenue from our lease components and non-lease components (comprised of tenant reimbursements) into revenue from rental properties. Revenues from rental properties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , were , and , respectively. Base rental income included in revenues from rental properties was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In accordance with GAAP, we recognize rental revenue in amounts which vary from the amount of rent contractually due during the periods presented. As a result, revenues from rental properties include non-cash adjustments recorded for deferred rental revenue due to the recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis over the current lease term, the net amortization of above-market and below-market leases, rental income recorded under direct financing leases using the effective interest method which produces a constant periodic rate of return on the net investments in the leased properties and the amortization of deferred lease incentives (collectively, Revenue Recognition Adjustments ). Revenue Recognition Adjustments included in revenues from rental properties resulted in a reduction in revenue of , , and for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Tenant reimbursements, which are included in revenues from rental properties and which consist of real estate taxes and other municipal charges paid by us which were reimbursed by our tenants pursuant to the terms of triple-net lease agreements, were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Direct Financing Leases 

Unguaranteed residual value 

Unearned Income 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total 

In accordance with ASU 2016-13, we applied changes in loss reserves related to these direct financing leases totaling as a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings and as a reduction of the investment in direct financing leases balance on our consolidated balance sheets on January 1, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an allowance for credit losses of on our net investments in direct financing leases due to changes in expected economic conditions, which was included within other income in our consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an additional allowance and a reduction for credit losses of and , respectively, on our net investments in direct financing leases due to changes in expected economic conditions, which was included within other income in our consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an allowance for credit losses of and , respectively on investment in direct financing leases. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

As Lessee For leases in which we are the lessee, ASU 2016-02 requires leases with durations greater than twelve months to be recognized on our consolidated balance sheets. We elected the package of transition provisions available for expired or existing contracts, which allowed us to carry forward our historical assessments of (i) whether contracts are or contain leases, (ii) lease classification and (iii) initial direct costs. As of January 1, 2019, we recognized operating lease right-of-use assets of (net of deferred rent expense) and operating lease liabilities of , which were presented on our consolidated financial statements. The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are carried at the present value of the remaining expected future lease payments. When available, we use the rate implicit in the lease to discount lease payments to present value; however, our current leases did not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, we estimated our incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on information available and considered factors such as interest rates available to us on a fully collateralized basis and terms of the leases. ASU 2016-02 did not have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets or on our consolidated statements of operations. The most significant impact was the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases, while our accounting for finance leases remained substantially unchanged. 

Right-of-use assets - finance 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Lease liability - operating 

Lease liability - finance 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases (a) 

Finance leases 

(a) 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization of leased assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Short-term lease cost 

- 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease payments 

We have obligations to lessors under non-cancelable operating leases which have terms in excess of one year, principally for convenience store and gasoline station properties. The leased properties have a remaining lease term averaging approximately , including renewal options. Future minimum annual rentals payable under such leases, excluding renewal options, are as follows: 2023 , 2024 , 2025 , 2026 , 2027 and thereafter. Rent expense, substantially all of which consists of minimum rentals on non-cancelable operating leases, amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in property costs. Rent received under subleases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , was , and , respectively, and is included in rental revenue discussed above. Major Tenants 

ARKO Corp. (NASDAQ: ARKO) 

APRO, LLC (d/b/a United Oil) 

Getty Petroleum Marketing Inc. Getty Petroleum Marketing Inc. Marketing was our largest tenant from 1997 until 2012 under a unitary triple-net master lease that was terminated in April 2012 as a consequence of Marketing s bankruptcy, at which time we either sold or released these properties. As of December 31, 2022 , of the properties we own or lease were previously leased to Marketing, of which properties are subject to long-term triple-net leases with petroleum distributors in separate property portfolios and properties are leased as single unit triple-net leases, (an additional properties are under redevelopment and property is vacant). The leases covering properties previously leased to Marketing are unitary triple-net lease agreements generally with an initial term of years and options for successive renewal terms of up to years. Rent is scheduled to increase at varying intervals during both the initial and renewal terms of the leases. Several of the leases provide for additional rent based on the aggregate volume of fuel sold. In addition, the majority of the leases require the tenants to invest capital in our properties, substantially all of which are related to the replacement of USTs that are owned by our tenants. As of December 31, 2022 , we have a remaining commitment to fund up to in the aggregate with our tenants for our portion of such capital improvements. Our commitment provides us with the option to either reimburse our tenants or to offset rent when these capital expenditures are made. This deferred expense is recognized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of rental revenue in our consolidated statements of operations over the life of the various leases. As part of the triple-net leases for properties previously leased to Marketing, we transferred title of the USTs to our tenants, and the obligation to pay for the retirement and decommissioning or removal of USTs at the end of their useful lives, or earlier if circumstances warranted, was fully or partially transferred to our new tenants. We remain contingently liable for this obligation in the event that our tenants do not satisfy their responsibilities. Accordingly, through December 31, 2022 , we removed of asset retirement obligations and of net asset retirement costs related to USTs from our balance sheet. The cumulative change of (net of accumulated amortization of is recorded as deferred rental revenue and will be recognized on a straight-line basis as additional revenues from rental properties over the terms of the various leases. 

 and , respectively, for certain of these matters which we believe were appropriate based on information then currently available. We are unable to estimate ranges in excess of the amount accrued with any certainty for these matters. It is possible that our assumptions regarding the ultimate allocation method and share of responsibility that we used to allocate environmental liabilities may change, which may result in our providing an accrual, or adjustments to the amounts recorded, for environmental litigation accruals. Matters related to our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal and the Lower Passaic River, our methyl tertiary butyl ether (a fuel derived from methanol, commonly referred to as MTBE litigations in the states of Pennsylvania and Maryland, could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price. Matters related to our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal and the Lower Passaic River. In 2004, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued General Notice Letters GNL to over entities, including us, alleging that they are potentially responsible parties PRPs with respect to a 17-mile stretch of the Passaic River from Dundee Dam to the Newark Bay and its tributaries (the Lower Passaic River Study Area or LPRSA ). The LPRSA is part of the Diamond Alkali Superfund Site Superfund Site that includes the former Diamond Shamrock Corporation manufacturing facility located at 80-120 Lister Ave. in Newark, New Jersey (the Diamond Shamrock Facility ), the LPRSA, and the Newark Bay Study Area (i.e, Newark Bay and portions of surrounding rivers and channels). One of the GNL recipients is Occidental Chemical Corporation Occidental ), the predecessor to the former owner/operator of the Diamond Shamrock Facility responsible for the discharge of 2,3,8,8-TCDD dioxin and other hazardous substances. In May 2007, over GNL recipients, including us, entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent AOC with the EPA to perform a Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study RI/FS for the LPRSA to address investigation and evaluation of alternative remedial actions with respect to alleged damages to the entire 17-mile LPRSA, which EPA has designated Operable Unit 4 or OU4 . Many of the parties to the AOC, including us, are also members of a Cooperating Parties Group CPG ). In 2015, the CPG submitted a draft RI/FS to EPA setting forth various alternatives for remediating the LPRSA. In October 2018, the EPA issued a letter directing the CPG to prepare a streamlined feasibility study for just the upper 9-miles of the LPRSA based on an iterative approach using adaptive management strategies. On December 4, 2020, the CPG submitted a Final Draft Interim Remedy Feasibility Study IR/FS to the EPA which identified various targeted dredge and cap alternatives for the upper 9-miles of the LPRSA. On September 28, 2021, the EPA issued a Record of Decision ROD for the upper 9-mile IR/FS Upper 9-mile IR ROD consisting of dredging and capping to control sediment sources of dioxin and PCBs at an estimated cost of . In addition to the RI/FS activities, in June 2012, certain members of the CPG entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent 10.9 AOC with the EPA to perform certain remediation activities, including removal and capping of sediments at the river mile 10.9 area and certain testing, which remedial work has been completed. Concurrent with the CPG s work on the RI/FS, on April 11, 2014, the EPA issued a draft Focused Feasibility Study FFS with proposed remedial alternatives to remediate the lower 8.3-miles of the LPRSA. On March 4, 2016, the EPA issued a ROD for the lower 8.3-miles Lower 8-mile ROD selecting a remedy that involves bank-to-bank dredging and installing an engineered cap with an estimated cost of . On March 31, 2016, the EPA issued a Notice of Potential Liability and Commencement of Negotiations for Remedial Design Notice to more than PRPs, including us, which informed the recipients that the EPA intends to seek an Administrative Order on Consent and Settlement Agreement with Occidental (who the EPA considers the primary contributor of dioxin and other pesticides generated from the production of Agent Orange at its Diamond Shamrock Facility and a discharger of other contaminants of concern COCs to the Superfund Site) requiring Occidental to prepare the remedial design of the remedy selected in the Lower 8-mile ROD. The EPA has designated the lower 8.3 miles of the LPRSA as Operable Unit 2 or OU2 , which is geographically subsumed within OU4. On September 30, 2016, Occidental entered into an agreement with the EPA to perform the remedial design for OU2. By letter dated March 30, 2017, the EPA advised the recipients of the Notice that it would be entering into cash out settlements with certain PRPs who the EPA stated did not discharge any of the eight hazardous substances identified as a COC in the Lower 8-mile ROD to resolve their alleged liability for OU2. Cash out settlements were finalized in 2018 and 2021 with a total of PRPs. EPA s March 30, 2017 Letter also stated that other parties who did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls (which are considered the COCs posing the greatest risk to the river) may also be eligible for cash out settlements, and that the EPA would begin a process for identifying such other PRPs for negotiation of future cash out settlements and to initiate negotiations with Occidental and other major PRPs for the implementation and funding of the OU2 remedy. In August 2017, the EPA appointed an independent third-party allocation expert to conduct a confidential allocation proceeding that would assign non-binding shares of responsibility to PRPs identified by EPA for cash out settlements. Most of the PRPs identified by EPA, including the Company, participated in the allocation process. Occidental did not participate in the allocation proceedings, but filed a complaint on June 30, 2018, listing over defendants, including us, in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey seeking cost recovery and contribution under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act for response costs incurred and to be incurred relating to the LPRSA, including the investigation, design, and anticipated implementation of the OU2 remedy (the Occidental Lawsuit ). We continue to defend the claims asserted in the Occidental Lawsuit individually and in coordination with a group of several other named defendants known as the Small Parties Group or SPG consistent with our defenses in the related proceedings. On December 20, 2022, the parties filed an uncontested motion to stay the Occidental Lawsuit proceedings for six months while the court considers a proposed consent decree, discussed below, which, if approved, would bar the claims asserted against us for past and/or future response costs relating to the LPRSA, including the OU2 remedy. The allocator issued a final Allocation Recommendation Report in December 2020, which was based upon an As a result of the allocation process, the EPA and parties (the Settling Parties ), including us, began settlement negotiations and reached an agreement on a cash-out settlement to resolve their alleged liability for the remediation of the entire LPRSA. The EPA concluded that the Settling Parties, individually and collectively, were responsible for only a minor share of the response costs incurred and to be incurred at or in connection with implementing the OU2 and OU4 remedies for the entire 17-mile Lower Passaic River. In December 2022, the EPA and the Settling Parties finalized their agreement in a proposed consent decree CD ), pursuant to which and without admitting liability, the Settling Parties agree to pay EPA the collective sum of in exchange for contribution protection from claims by non-settling PRPs (including Occidental) for the matters addressed in the CD and the issuance of a notice of completion by EPA of both the 2007 RI/FS AOC and the 10.9 AOC, upon completion of certain defined tasks in the CD. All Settling Parties contributed an agreed upon share of the settlement amount, which are subject to a confidentiality agreement. Our settlement contribution is in line with our legal reserves previously established and transferred to an escrow account based on likelihoods reasonably known to us at this time. On December 16, 2022, the United States filed an action in the New Jersey District Court against the Settling Defendants which included lodging of the proposed CD to resolve claims against the Settling Parties for costs associated with cleaning up the LPRSA. This action (the CD Action is subject to public comment and court approval. On December 22, 2022, the EPA published a notice of lodging of the proposed CD in the Federal Register, opening a 45-day public comment period, which was subsequently extended to 90-days. On December 23, 2022, Occidental filed a motion to intervene in the CD Action contending that it intends to challenge the proposed CD and seek to preserve its contribution claims against the Settling Parties in the pending Occidental Lawsuit. If the CD Action is approved in its current form, our alleged liability to the EPA as well as any non-settling parties, including Occidental, for the remediation of the entire 17-mile Lower Passaic River and its tributaries will be resolved. In the event the District Court does not approve the proposed CD, based on currently known facts and circumstances, including, among other factors, the EPA s conclusion that we are individually and collectively with numerous other parties only responsible for a minor share of the response costs incurred or to be incurred in connection with the LPRSA, our relative participation in the costs related to the 2007 AOC and 10.9 AOC, our belief that there was not any use or discharge of dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls in connection with our former petroleum storage operations at our former Newark, New Jersey Terminal, and that there are numerous other parties who will likely bear the costs of remediation and/or damages, we do not believe that resolution of the Lower Passaic River proceedings as relates to us is reasonably likely to have a material impact on our results of operations. Nevertheless, if the proposed CD is not approved by the District Court in its current form, performance of the EPA s selected remedies for the LPRSA may be subject to future negotiation, potential enforcement proceedings and/or possible litigation and, on this basis, our ultimate liability in the pending and possible future proceedings pertaining to the LPRSA remains uncertain and subject to contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. The Company has established an estimated legal reserve and transferred funds to an escrow account based on likelihoods reasonably known to us at this time, however it is possible that circumstances may change and losses related to the Lower Passaic River proceedings could exceed the amounts we have accrued. MTBE Litigation State of Pennsylvania On July 7, 2014, our subsidiary, Getty Properties Corp., was served with a complaint filed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the State in the Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County relating to alleged statewide MTBE contamination in Pennsylvania. The named plaintiff is the State, by and through (then) Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane (as Trustee of the waters of the State), the Pennsylvania Insurance Department (which governs and administers the Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Fund), the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (vested with the authority to protect the environment) and the Pennsylvania Underground Storage Tank Indemnification Fund. The complaint names us and more than other petroleum refiners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers of MTBE or gasoline containing MTBE who are alleged to have distributed, stored and sold MTBE gasoline in Pennsylvania. The complaint seeks compensation for natural resource damages and for injuries sustained as a result of defendants unfair and deceptive trade practices and act in the marketing of MTBE and gasoline containing MTBE. The plaintiffs also seek to recover costs paid or incurred by the State to detect, treat and remediate MTBE from public and private water wells and groundwater. The plaintiffs assert causes of action against all defendants based on multiple theories, including strict liability defective design; strict liability failure to warn; public nuisance; negligence; trespass; and violation of consumer protection law. The case was filed in the Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County, but was removed by defendants to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and then transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York so that it may be managed as part of the ongoing MTBE MDL proceedings. In November 2015, plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint naming additional defendants and adding factual allegations against the defendants. We joined with other defendants in the filing of a motion to dismiss the claims against us, which was granted in part and denied in part. We are vigorously defending the claims made against us. Our ultimate liability in this proceeding is uncertain and subject to numerous contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. MTBE Litigation State of Maryland On December 17, 2017, the State of Maryland, by and through the Attorney General on behalf of the Maryland Department of Environment and the Maryland Department of Health (the State of Maryland ), filed a complaint in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City related to alleged statewide MTBE contamination in Maryland. The complaint was served upon us on January 19, 2018. The complaint names us and more than other defendants. The complaint seeks compensation for natural resource damages and for injuries sustained as a result of the defendants unfair and deceptive trade practices in the marketing of MTBE and gasoline containing MTBE. The plaintiffs also seek to recover costs paid or incurred by the State of Maryland to detect, investigate, treat and remediate MTBE from public and private water wells and groundwater, punitive damages and the award of attorneys fees and litigation costs. The plaintiffs assert causes of action against all defendants based on multiple theories, including strict liability defective design; strict liability failure to warn; strict liability for abnormally dangerous activity; public nuisance; negligence; trespass; and violations of Titles 4, 7 and 9 of the Maryland Environmental Code. On February 14, 2018, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. We are vigorously defending the claims made against us. Our ultimate liability, if any, in this proceeding is uncertain and subject to numerous contingencies which cannot be predicted and the outcome of which are not yet known. 

 59 

Series B Notes (a) 
 
 June 2023 

Series C Notes 
 
 February 2025 

Series D-E Notes 
 
 June 2028 

Series F-H Notes 
 
 September 2029 

Series I-K Notes 
 
 November 2030 

Series L-N Notes 
 
 February 2032 

Total debt 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net (b) 

() 

() 

Total debt, net 

(a) Pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement, we issued of Series Q Notes due to Prudential in January 2023 and used a portion of the proceeds to repay in full the of Series B Notes due . 

 (b) Unamortized debt issuance costs, related to the Revolving Facility, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , of and , respectively, are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

Credit Agreement In October 2021, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement (as amended, the Second Restated Credit Agreement ). The Second Restated Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount of and includes an accordion feature to increase the revolving commitments or add one or more tranches of term loans up to an additional aggregate amount not to exceed , subject to certain conditions, including one or more new or existing lenders agreeing to provide commitments for such increased amount and that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the terms of the Revolving Facility. The Revolving Facility matures , subject to exercisable at the Company's option. The Company's exercise of an extension option is subject to the absence of any default under the Second Restated Credit Agreement and the Company's compliance with certain conditions, including the payment of extension fees to the Lenders under the Revolving Facility and that no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing under the terms of the Revolving Facility. In December 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Second Restated Credit Agreement to transition the applicable interest rates and default rate thereunder from LIBOR-based rates to SOFR-based rates. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of a SOFR rate plus a margin of to or the sum of a base rate plus a margin of to based on the Company s consolidated total indebtedness to total asset value ratio at the end of each quarterly reporting period. The per annum rate of the unused line fee on the undrawn funds under the Revolving Facility is to based on the Company s daily unused portion of the available Revolving Facility. Senior Unsecured Notes In February 2022, the Company entered into a sixth amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Prudential (the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement pursuant to which, in January 2023, the Company issued of Series Q Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series Q Notes to Prudential and used the proceeds to repay the of Series B Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series B Notes outstanding under its fifth amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with Prudential (the Fifth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement ). The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under the Fifth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement, including (i) of Series C Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series C Notes ), (ii) of Series D Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series D Notes ), (iii) of Series F Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series F Notes and (iv) of Series I Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series I Notes ), remain outstanding under the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement. In February 2022, the Company entered into a second amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with American General Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, AIG (the Second Amended and Restated AIG Agreement pursuant to which it issued of Series L Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series L Notes to AIG. The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under the Company's first amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with AIG the First Amended and Restated AIG Agreement ), including (i) of Series G Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series G Notes and (ii) of Series J Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series J Notes ), remain outstanding under the Second Amended and Restated AIG Agreement. In February 2022, the Company entered into a second amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, MassMutual (the Second Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement pursuant to which it issued of Series M Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series M Notes and, in January 2023, of Series O Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series O Notes to MassMutual. The other senior unsecured notes outstanding under the Company's first amended and restated note purchase and guarantee agreement with MassMutual the First Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement ), including (i) of Series H Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series H Notes and (ii) of Series K Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series K Notes ), remain outstanding under the Second Amended and Restated MassMutual Agreement. In February 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase and guarantee agreement with New York Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates (collectively, New York Life (the New York Life Agreement pursuant to which it issued of Series N Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series N Notes and, in January 2023, of Series P Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series P Notes to New York Life. On June 21, 2018, the Company entered into a note purchase and guarantee agreement with MetLife and certain of its affiliates (collectively, MetLife (the MetLife Agreement pursuant to which it issued million of Series E Guaranteed Senior Notes due (the Series E Notes to MetLife. The funded and outstanding Series B Notes, Series C Notes, Series D Notes, Series E Notes, Series F Note, Series G Notes, Series H Notes, Series I Notes, Series J Notes, Series K Notes, Series L Notes, Series M Notes and Series N Notes are collectively referred to the senior unsecured notes . Covenants The Second Restated Credit Agreement and senior unsecured notes contain customary financial covenants such as leverage, coverage ratios and minimum tangible net worth, as well as limitations on restricted payments, which may limit our ability to incur additional debt or pay dividends. The Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes also contain customary events of default, including cross defaults to each other, change of control and failure to maintain REIT status (provided that the senior unsecured notes require a mandatory offer to prepay the notes upon a change in control in lieu of a change of control event of default). Any event of default, if not cured or waived in a timely manner, would increase by 200 basis points the interest rate we pay under the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes, and could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness under the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes. We may be prohibited from drawing funds under the Revolving Facility if there is any event or condition that constitutes an event of default under the Second Restated Credit Agreement or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an event of default under the Second Restated Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all of the material terms of the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our senior unsecured notes, including the various financial covenants described herein. Debt Maturities 

2024 

2025 (b) 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

(a) Pursuant to the Sixth Amended and Restated Prudential Agreement, the Company issued of Series Q Notes due to Prudential in January 2023 and used a portion of the proceeds to repay in full the of Series B Notes due . 

 (b) The Revolving Facility matures in October 2025. Subject to the terms of the Second Restated Credit Agreement and our continued compliance with its provisions, we have the option to extend the term of the Revolving Facility for two six months periods to October 2026 . 

years of the lease term (or a shorter period for a minority of such leases) (a Lookback Period ). Similarly, for certain properties previously leased to Marketing which we have sold, we have agreed to be responsible for environmental contamination that was known at the time of the sale and for unknown environmental contamination which existed prior to the sale and which is discovered (other than as a result of a voluntary site investigation) within years of the closing (also, a Lookback Period ). Substantially all of these Lookback Periods have now expired, therefore responsibility for all newly discovered contamination at these properties, even if it relates to periods prior to commencement of the lease or sale, is the contractual responsibility of our tenant or buyer, as the case may be. In the course of UST removals and replacements at certain properties previously leased to Marketing where we retained responsibility for preexisting unknown environmental contamination until expiration of the applicable Lookback Period, environmental contamination has been and continues to be discovered. As a result, we developed an estimate of fair value for the prospective future environmental liability resulting from preexisting unknown environmental contamination and accrued for these estimated costs. These estimates are based primarily upon quantifiable trends which we believe allow us to make reasonable estimates of fair value for the future costs of environmental remediation resulting from the anticipated removal and replacement of USTs. Our accrual of this liability represents our estimate of the fair value of the cost for each component of the liability, net of estimated recoveries from state UST remediation funds considering estimated recovery rates developed from prior experience. In arriving at our accrual, we analyzed the ages and expected useful lives of USTs at properties where we would be responsible for preexisting unknown environmental contamination and we projected a cost to closure for remediation of such contamination. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Lookback Periods for most of the properties we previously leased to Marketing expired. Based on the expiration of the Lookback Periods, together with other factors which have significantly mitigated our potential liability for preexisting environmental obligations, including the absence of any contractual obligations relating to properties which have been sold, quantifiable trends associated with types and ages of USTs at issue, expectations regarding future UST replacements, and historical trends and expectations regarding discovery of preexisting unknown environmental contamination and/or attempted pursuit of the Company therefor, we concluded that there is no material continued risk of having to satisfy contractual obligations relating to preexisting unknown environmental contamination at certain properties. Accordingly, we removed of unknown reserve liabilities which had previously been accrued for these properties. This resulted in a net credit of being recorded to environmental expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. We continue to anticipate that our tenants under leases where the Lookback Periods have expired will replace USTs in the years ahead as these USTs near the end of their expected useful lives. At many of these properties the USTs in use are fabricated with older generation materials and technologies and we believe it is prudent to expect that upon their removal preexisting unknown environmental contamination will be identified. Although contractually these tenants are now responsible for preexisting unknown environmental contamination that is discovered during UST replacements, because the applicable Lookback Periods have expired before the end of the initial term of these leases, together with other relevant factors, we believe there remains continued risk that we will be responsible for remediation of preexisting environmental contamination associated with future UST removals at certain properties. Accordingly, we believe it is appropriate at this time to maintain of unknown reserve liabilities for certain properties with respect to which the Lookback Periods have expired as of December 31, 2022. We measure our environmental remediation liabilities at fair value based on expected future net cash flows, adjusted for inflation (using a range of to ), and then discount them to present value (using a range of to ). We adjust our environmental remediation liabilities quarterly to reflect changes in projected expenditures, changes in present value due to the passage of time and reductions in estimated liabilities as a result of actual expenditures incurred during each quarter. As of December 31, 2022 , we had accrued a total of for our prospective environmental remediation obligations. This accrual consisted of (a) , which was our estimate of reasonably estimable environmental remediation liability, including obligations to remove USTs for which we are responsible, net of estimated recoveries and (b) for future environmental liabilities related to preexisting unknown contamination. As of December 31, 2021 , we had accrued a total of for our prospective environmental remediation obligations. This accrual consisted of (a) , which was our estimate of reasonably estimable environmental remediation liability, including obligations to remove USTs for which we are responsible, net of estimated recoveries and (b) for future environmental liabilities related to preexisting unknown contamination. Environmental liabilities are accreted for the change in present value due to the passage of time and, accordingly, , and of net accretion expense was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in environmental expenses. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recorded credits to environmental expenses aggregating , and , respectively, where decreases in estimated remediation costs exceeded the depreciated carrying value of previously capitalized asset retirement costs. Environmental expenses also include project management fees, legal fees and environmental litigation accruals. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, changes in environmental estimates aggregating, , and , respectively, were related to properties that were previously disposed of by us. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we increased the carrying values of certain of our properties by and , respectively, due to changes in estimated environmental remediation costs. The recognition and subsequent changes in estimates in environmental liabilities and the increase or decrease in carrying values of the properties are non-cash transactions which do not appear on our consolidated statements of cash flows. Capitalized asset retirement costs are being depreciated over the estimated remaining life of the UST, a -year period if the increase in carrying value is related to environmental remediation obligations or such shorter period if circumstances warrant, such as the remaining lease term for properties we lease from others. Depreciation and amortization expense related to capitalized asset retirement costs in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , were , and , respectively. Capitalized asset retirement costs were (consisting of of known environmental liabilities and of reserves for future environmental liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 , and (consisting of of known environmental liabilities and of reserves for future environmental liabilities) as of December 31, 2021 . We recorded impairment charges aggregating and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for capitalized asset retirement costs. Environmental exposures are difficult to assess and estimate for numerous reasons, including the amount of data available upon initial assessment of contamination, alternative treatment methods that may be applied, location of the property which subjects it to differing local laws and regulations and their interpretations, changes in costs associated with environmental remediation services and equipment, the availability of state UST remediation funds and the possibility of existing legal claims giving rise to allocation of responsibilities to others, as well as the time it takes to remediate contamination and receive regulatory approval. In developing our liability for estimated environmental remediation obligations on a property by property basis, we consider, among other things, laws and regulations, assessments of contamination and surrounding geology, quality of information available, currently available technologies for treatment, alternative methods of remediation and prior experience. Environmental accruals are based on estimates derived upon facts known to us at this time, which are subject to significant change as circumstances change, and as environmental contingencies become more clearly defined and reasonably estimable. Any changes to our estimates or our assumptions that form the basis of our estimates may result in our providing an accrual, or adjustments to the amounts recorded, for environmental remediation liabilities. In July 2012, we purchased a pollution legal liability insurance policy covering substantially all of our properties at that time for discovery of preexisting unknown environmental liabilities and for new environmental events. The policy had a aggregate limit and was subject to various self-insured retentions and other conditions and limitations. This policy expired in July 2022, although claims made prior to such expiration remain subject to coverage. In September 2022, we purchased a pollution legal liability insurance policy to cover a subset of our properties which we believe present the greatest risk for discovery of preexisting unknown environmental liabilities and for new environmental events. The policy has a in aggregate limit and is subject to various self-insured retentions and other conditions and limitations. Our intention in purchasing this policy was to obtain protection for certain properties which we believe have the greatest risk of significant environmental events. In light of the uncertainties associated with environmental expenditure contingencies, we are unable to estimate ranges in excess of the amount accrued with any certainty; however, we believe that it is possible that the fair value of future actual net expenditures could be substantially higher than amounts currently recorded by us. Adjustments to accrued liabilities for environmental remediation obligations will be reflected in our consolidated financial statements as they become probable and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. 

 , and , respectively, includes amounts related to state and local income taxes for jurisdictions that do not follow the federal tax rules, which are provided for in property costs in our consolidated statements of operations. Earnings and profits (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) are used to determine the tax attributes of dividends paid to stockholders and will differ from income reported for consolidated financial statements purposes due to the effect of items which are reported for income tax purposes in years different from that in which they are recorded for consolidated financial statements purposes. 

Capital gain distributions 

Non-taxable distributions 

To qualify for taxation as a REIT, we, among other requirements such as those related to the composition of our assets and gross income, must distribute annually to our stockholders at least of our taxable income, including taxable income that is accrued by us without a corresponding receipt of cash. We cannot provide any assurance that our cash flows will permit us to continue paying cash dividends. Should the Internal Revenue Service successfully assert that our earnings and profits were greater than the amount distributed, we may fail to qualify as a REIT; however, we may avoid losing our REIT status by paying a deficiency dividend to eliminate any remaining earnings and profits. We may have to borrow money or sell assets to pay such a deficiency dividend. Although tax returns for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021, and tax returns which will be filed for the year ended 2022, remain open to examination by federal and state tax jurisdictions under the respective statute of limitations, we have not currently identified any uncertain tax positions related to those years and, accordingly, have not accrued for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . However, uncertain tax matters may have a significant impact on the results of operations for any single fiscal year or interim period. 

 64 

() 

Cumulative-effect adjustment for the adoption of new accounting pronouncement 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

Dividends declared per share 

() 

() 

Shares issued pursuant to ATM Program, net 

Shares issued pursuant to dividend reinvestment 

Stock-based compensation and settlements 

BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 

() 

Net earnings 

Dividends declared per share 

() 

() 

Shares issued pursuant to ATM Program, net 

Shares issued pursuant to dividend reinvestment 

Stock-based compensation and settlements 

BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 

Net earnings 

Dividends declared per share 

() 

() 

Shares issued pursuant to ATM Program, net 

() 

() 

Shares issued pursuant to dividend reinvestment 

Stock-based compensation and settlements 

BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 

() 

On March 1, 2022, March 1, 2021, and July 19, 2021, our Board of Directors granted , , and restricted stock units RSU or RSUs ), respectively, under our Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. ATM Program In March 2018, the Company established an at-the-market equity offering program (the 2018 ATM Program ), pursuant to which it was able to issue and sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to through a consortium of banks acting as agents. The 2018 ATM Program was terminated in January 2021. In February 2021, the Company established an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ), pursuant to which it is able to issue and sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made, as needed, from time to time in at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or as otherwise agreed to with the applicable agent. The use of a forward sale agreement allows the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares at the time the forward sales agreement becomes effective but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. To account for the forward sale agreements, the Company considered the accounting guidance governing financial instruments and derivatives. To date, we have concluded that our forward sale agreements are not liabilities as they do not embody obligations to repurchase our shares nor do they embody obligations to issue a variable number of shares for which the monetary value are predominantly fixed, varying with something other than the fair value of the shares, or varying inversely in relation to our shares. The Company also evaluated whether the agreements meet the derivatives and hedging guidance scope exception to be accounted for as equity instruments. We concluded that the agreements are classifiable as equity contracts based on the following assessments: (i) none of the agreements exercise contingencies are based on observable markets or indices besides those related to the market for the Company s own stock price and operations; and (ii) none of the settlement provisions precluded the agreements from being indexed to its own stock. The Company considers the potential dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements on the earnings per share calculations and uses the treasury stock method to determine the dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements during the period of time prior to settlement. ATM Direct Issuances During the year ended December 31, 2022 , shares of common stock were issued under the ATM Program. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company issued a total of shares of common stock and received net proceeds of under the ATM Program and the 2018 ATM Program. Future sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, determinations by us of the appropriate sources of funding for us and potential uses of funding available to us. ATM Forward Agreements During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company entered into forward sale agreements to sell an aggregate of shares of common stock at an average gross offering price of per share. shares were settled during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to settle the forward sale agreements in full within 12 months of the respective agreement dates via physical delivery of the outstanding shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds, although it may elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of its obligations under the forward sale agreements, subject to certain conditions. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company did t enter into any forward sale agreements under the ATM Program. Dividends For the year ended December 31, 2022 , we paid regular quarterly dividends of or per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , we paid regular quarterly dividends of or per share. Dividend Reinvestment Plan Our dividend reinvestment plan provides our common stockholders with a convenient and economical method of acquiring additional shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of their dividend distributions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we issued and shares of common stock, respectively, under the dividend reinvestment plan and received proceeds of and , respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Compensation cost for our stock-based compensation plans using the fair value method was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

 shares; (ii) remove the limit on the maximum number of shares that may be subject to awards made in a calendar year to all participants; (iii) include a minimum restriction period of one year for all awards (subject to certain exceptions); (iv) extend the term until February 22, 2031. RSUs awarded under the Incentive Compensation Plan vest on a cumulative basis ratably over a period with the first vesting occurring on the first anniversary of the date of the grant. We awarded to employees and directors , and RSUs and dividend equivalents in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. RSUs granted before 2009 provide for settlement upon termination of employment with the Company or termination of service from the Board of Directors. RSUs granted in 2009 and thereafter provide for settlement upon the earlier of years after the grant date (or the tenth anniversary of the first vesting date for RSUs granted in 2016-2018) or termination of employment with the Company. On the settlement date each vested RSU will have a value equal to share of common stock and may be settled, at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee, in cash or by the issuance of share of common stock. The RSUs do not provide voting or other stockholder rights unless and until the RSU is settled for a share of common stock. The RSUs vest starting from the date of grant, on a cumulative basis at the annual rate of of the total number of RSUs covered by the award. The dividend equivalents represent the value of the dividends paid per common share multiplied by the number of RSUs covered by the award. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , dividend equivalents aggregating approximately , and , respectively, were charged against retained earnings when common stock dividends were declared. 

Granted 

Settled 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

RSUs OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Granted 

Settled 

() 

Cancelled 

RSUs OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Granted 

Settled 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

RSUs OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The fair values of the RSUs were determined based on the closing market price of our stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the grants is recognized as compensation expense ratably over the vesting period of the RSUs. Compensation expense related to RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , was , and , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 , there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs granted under the 2004 Plan, which cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . The aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding RSUs and the vested RSUs as of December 31, 2022 , was and , respectively. 

Vested 

Settled 

() 

RSUs VESTED AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Vested 

Settled 

() 

RSUs VESTED AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Vested 

Settled 

() 

RSUs VESTED AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

We have a retirement and profit sharing plan with deferred 401(k) savings plan provisions (the Retirement Plan for employees meeting certain service requirements and a supplemental plan for executives (the Supplemental Plan ). Under the terms of these plans, the annual discretionary contributions to the plans are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Also, under the Retirement Plan, employees may make voluntary contributions and we have elected to match an amount equal to percent of such contributions but in no event more than percent of the employee s eligible compensation. Under the Supplemental Plan, a participating executive may receive an amount equal to percent of eligible compensation, reduced by the amount of any contributions allocated to such executive under the Retirement Plan. Contributions, net of forfeitures, under the retirement plans approximated , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we distributed from the Supplemental Plan to former officers of the Company. There were no distributions from the Supplemental Plan for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 67 

Less dividend equivalents attributable to RSUs outstanding 

() 

() 

() 

Net earnings attributable to common stockholders used in basic and diluted earnings per share calculation 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Incremental shares from stock-based compensation 

Incremental shares from ATM Program forward agreements 

Diluted 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

and , respectively. The fair value of the borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was determined using a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates a market interest yield curve with adjustments for duration, risk profile and borrowings outstanding, which are based on unobservable inputs within Level 3 of the Fair Value Hierarchy. Supplemental Retirement Plan We have mutual fund assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 1 inputs. We have a Supplemental Retirement Plan for executives. The amounts held in trust under the Supplemental Retirement Plan using Level 2 inputs may be used to satisfy claims of general creditors in the event of our or any of our subsidiaries bankruptcy. We have liability to the executives participating in the Supplemental Retirement Plan for the participant account balances equal to the aggregate of the amount invested at the executives direction and the income earned in such mutual funds. 

Liabilities: 

Deferred compensation 

The following summarizes as of December 31, 2021, our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the Fair Value Hierarchy (in thousands): 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Mutual funds 

Liabilities: 

Deferred compensation 

Real Estate Assets We have certain real estate assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , of and , respectively, where impairment charges have been recorded. Due to the subjectivity inherent in the internal valuation techniques used in estimating fair value, the amounts realized from the sale of such assets may vary significantly from these estimates. For information regarding the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used when assessing impairments of real estate assets, see Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

 and properties, respectively, that met criteria to be classified as held for sale. 

Buildings and improvements 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Real estate held for sale, net 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we sold a total of properties in multiple transactions which resulted in an aggregate gain of included in gain on dispositions of real estate on our consolidated statements of operations. We also received funds from a property condemnation resulting in a gain of included in gain on dispositions of real estate on our consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , we sold a total of properties in multiple transactions which resulted in an aggregate gain of included in gain on dispositions of real estate on our consolidated statements of operations. We also received funds from property condemnations resulting in a gain of , and realized a loss of related to lease expirations, included in gain on dispositions of real estate on our consolidated statements of operations. 

 properties for an aggregate purchase price of and allocated the purchase price as follows (in thousands): 

Purchase Price Allocation 

Asset Type 
 
 Properties 

Purchase Price 

Land 

Buildings Improve- ments 

In-Place Leases 

Above Market Leases 

Below Market Leases 

Car wash properties 

() 

Convenience stores 

Auto service centers 

() 

Drive thrus 

() 
 
 2021 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired fee simple interests in properties for an aggregate purchase price of and allocated the purchase price as follows (in thousands): 

Purchase Price Allocation 

Asset Type 
 
 Properties 

Purchase Price 

Land 

Buildings Improve- ments 

In-Place Leases 

Above Market Leases 

Below Market Leases 

Convenience stores 

() 

Car wash properties 

Auto service centers 

() 

Drive thrus 

() 

and (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Acquired above-market (when we are lessee) and below-market (when we are lessor) leases are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and had a balance of and (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. When we are a lessor, above-market and below-market leases are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of below-market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) to rental revenue over the remaining term of the associated lease in place at the time of purchase. When we are a lessee, above-market and below-market leases are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of below-market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) to rental expense over the remaining term of the associated lease in place at the time of purchase. Rental income included amortization from acquired leases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Rent expense included amortization from acquired leases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In-place leases are included in prepaid expenses and other assets and had a balance of and (net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The value associated with in-place leases and lease origination costs are amortized into depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining life of the lease. Depreciation and amortization expense included amortization from in-place leases of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

, the Company issued of senior unsecured notes priced at a fixed rate of and maturing pursuant to note purchase and guarantee agreements entered into in February 2022 and previously announced. Proceeds from the senior unsecured notes were used to prepay the Company's Series B senior unsecured notes due June 2, 2023, including related transaction expenses, and to fund investment activity. The foregoing descriptions of the note purchase and guarantee agreements do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the full text of such documents, copies of which were filed as Exhibits to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending on March 31, 2022. 

70 

Report of Indep endent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Getty Realty Corp. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 8, and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2), of Getty Realty Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a 
 71 

whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Purchase Price Allocation for Asset Acquisitions 
 As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired fee simple interests in 40 properties which were accounted for as asset acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of 137,275,000. For acquired properties accounted for as asset acquisitions management estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, buildings and improvements) as if vacant and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of leasehold interests, above-market and below-market leases, in-place leases and tenant relationships) and assumed debt. Based on these estimates, management allocates the estimated fair value to the applicable assets and liabilities. Fair value is determined based on an exit price approach, which contemplates the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The valuation of the applicable assets and liabilities involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions related to capitalization rates, market rental rates, discount rates, and the EBITDA-to-rent coverage ratios. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the purchase price allocation for asset acquisitions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurements for purchase price allocations, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures related to these fair value measurements, (ii) significant auditor judgment was necessary to evaluate the audit evidence for the relevant significant assumptions relating to the tangible and intangible assets, such as the capitalization rates, market rental rates, discount rates, and EBITDA-to-rent coverage ratios, and (iii) the audit effort included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to purchase price accounting, including controls over the development of significant inputs and assumptions used in the estimated fair values of tangible and intangible assets. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing the process used by management to develop fair value estimates of acquired tangible and intangible assets, which involved evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methods used and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to capitalization rates, market rental rates, discount rates, and EBITDA-to-rent coverage ratios. Evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions included considering whether these assumptions were consistent with external market data, comparable transactions, and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Testing the process used by management involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management. 
 Environmental Remediation Obligations 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022 management has accrued a total of 23,155,000 for their prospective environmental remediation obligations. Management records the fair value for an environmental remediation obligation as an asset and liability when there is a legal obligation associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset and the liability can be reasonably estimated. Environmental remediation obligations are estimated based on the level and impact of contaminations at each property. Management measures their environmental remediation liabilities at fair value based on expected future net cash flows, adjusted for inflation and discounted to present value. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to environmental remediation obligations is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurements for the environmental remediation obligations, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures related to these fair value measurements, (ii) significant auditor judgment was necessary to evaluate the significant assumption and audit evidence relating to the projections of future net cash flows and estimated remediation costs and (iii) the audit effort included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the environmental remediation obligation, including controls over the development of the significant inputs and assumptions related to estimated remediation costs. These procedures also included, among others, testing the process used by management to develop fair value estimates of environmental remediation obligations, which involved evaluating the appropriateness of the methods and testing the completeness and accuracy of the data provided by management. Evaluating the reasonableness of the estimated remediation costs assumption included considering whether the assumption was consistent with external market data and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to estimated remediation costs. 

72 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1975. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 
 73 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acc ountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter to which this report relates that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Oth er Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreig n Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None 
 74 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 Information with respect to our executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Executive Officers in the Proxy Statement. Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. Information with respect to directors, the audit committee and the audit committee financial expert, and procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the board of directors in response to this item is incorporated herein by reference to information under the headings Election of Directors and Directors Meetings, Committees and Executive Officers in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Beneficial Ownership of Capital Stock and Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Equity Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 There were no such relationships or transactions to report for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Information with respect to director independence is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Directors Meetings, Committees and Executive Officers Independence of Directors in the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated herein by reference to information under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 75 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 Information in response to this Item is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following Financial Statement Schedules are included beginning on page 77 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization as of December 31, 2022 

Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 

(a) (3) Exhibits 
 Information in response to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index on page 96 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 16. For m 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 76 

Acquisitions and capital expenditures 

Impairments 

() 

() 

() 

Sales and condemnations 

() 

() 

() 

Lease expirations/settlements 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairments 

() 

() 

() 

Sales and condemnations 

() 

() 

() 

Lease expirations/settlements 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Phenix City, AL 

Troy, AL 

- 

Fayetteville, AR 

- 

Fayetteville, AR 

- 

Hope, AR 

- 

Jacksonville, AR 

- 

Jonesboro, AR 

- 

Jonesboro, AR 

- 

Lake Charles, AR 

- 

Lake Charles, AR 

- 

Little Rock, AR 

- 

Little Rock, AR 

- 

Marion, AR 

- 

Pine Bluff, AR 

- 

Rogers, AR 

- 

Sulphur, AR 

- 

Texarkana, AR 

- 

Buckeye, AZ 

- 

Chandler, AZ 

- 

Gilbert, AZ 

- 

Gilbert, AZ 

- 

Gilbert, AZ 

- 

Gilbert, AZ 

- 

Glendale, AZ 

- 

Mesa, AZ 

- 

Mesa, AZ 

- 

Mesa, AZ 

- 

Peoria, AZ 

- 

Phoenix, AZ 

- 

Phoenix, AZ 

- 

Phoenix, AZ 

- 

Queen Creek, AZ 

- 

San Tan Valley, AZ 

- 

Sierra Vista, AZ 

- 

Sierra Vista, AZ 

- 

Tucson, AZ 

- 

Tucson, AZ 

- 

Tucson, AZ 

- 

Tucson, AZ 

- 

Tucson, AZ 

- 

Alhambra, CA 

- 

Bellflower, CA 

- 

Benicia, CA 

- 

Cotati, CA 

- 

Fillmore, CA 

- 

Grass Valley, CA 

- 

Harbor City, CA 

- 

Hercules, CA 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Hesperia, CA 

Hesperia, CA 

- 

Indio, CA 

- 

Indio, CA 

- 

La Palma, CA 

- 

La Puente, CA 

- 

Lakeside, CA 

- 

Lakewood, CA 

- 

Los Angeles, CA 

- 

Oakland, CA 

- 

Ontario, CA 

- 

Phelan, CA 

- 

Pomona, CA 

- 

Pomona, CA 

- 

Riverside, CA 

- 

Sacramento, CA 

- 

Sacramento, CA 

- 

Sacramento, CA 

- 

San Dimas, CA 

- 

San Jose, CA 

- 

San Leandro, CA 

- 

Shingle Springs, CA 

- 

Stockton, CA 

- 

Stockton, CA 

- 

Torrance, CA 

- 

Aurora, CO 

- 

Boulder, CO 

- 

Broomfield, CO 

- 

Broomfield, CO 

- 

Castle Rock, CO 

() 

Colorado Springs, CO 

- 

Colorado Springs, CO 

- 

Denver, CO 

- 

Englewood, CO 

- 

Golden, CO 

- 

Golden, CO 

- 

Greenwood Village, CO 

- 

Highlands Ranch, CO 

- 

Lakewood, CO 

- 

Littleton, CO 

- 

Lone Tree, CO 

- 

Longmont, CO 

- 

Louisville, CO 

- 

Monument, CO 

- 

Morrison, CO 

- 

Superior, CO 

- 

Thornton, CO 

- 

Westminster, CO 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Avon, CT 

Bridgeport, CT 

Bridgeport, CT 

Bridgeport, CT 

Bristol, CT 

- 

Brookfield, CT 

Darien, CT 

Durham, CT 

- 

- 

Ellington, CT 

- 

Hamden, CT 

- 

Hartford, CT 

- 

Meriden, CT 

- 

Middletown, CT 

Milford, CT 

- 

New Haven, CT 

New Haven, CT 

New Haven, CT 

() 

Newington, CT 

- 

North Haven, CT 

Norwalk, CT 

Norwalk, CT 

- 

Old Greenwich, CT 

- 

Plymouth, CT 

- 

Shelton, CT 

- 

South Windham, CT 

South Windsor, CT 

- 

Stamford, CT 

Stamford, CT 

Stamford, CT 

Suffield, CT 

Wallingford, CT 

- 

Waterbury, CT 

- 

Waterbury, CT 

- 

Watertown, CT 

- 

West Haven, CT 

- 

Westport, CT 

Willimantic, CT 

- 

Wilton, CT 

Windsor Locks, CT 

- 

Windsor Locks, CT 

Washington, DC 

- 

Washington, DC 

- 

Callahan, FL 

- 

Largo, FL 

- 

Orlando, FL 

Yulee, FL 

- 

Augusta, GA 

- 

Augusta, GA 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Columbus, GA 

Hinesville, GA 

- 

Perry, GA 

- 

Haleiwa, HI 

- 

Honolulu, HI 

Honolulu, HI 

- 

Honolulu, HI 

- 

Honolulu, HI 

- 

Kaneohe, HI 

- 

Kaneohe, HI 

Waianae, HI 

- 

Waianae, HI 

- 

Waipahu, HI 

- 

Bolingbrook, IL 

- 

Peoria, IL 

- 

Prospect Heights, IL 

() 

Roselle, IL 

- 

Merrillville, IN 

- 

Schererville, IN 

- 

Kansas City, KS 

- 

Leavenworth, KS 

- 

Lenexa, KS 

- 

Merriam, KS 

- 

Olathe, KS 

- 

Overland Park, KS 

- 

Overland Park, KS 

- 

Topeka, KS 

- 

Bowling Green, KY 

- 

Lexington, KY 

- 

Lexington, KY 

- 

Louisville, KY 

- 

Louisville, KY 

- 

Owensboro, KY 

- 

Bossier City, LA 

- 

Arlington, MA 

Auburn, MA 

Auburn, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Auburn, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Auburn, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Barre, MA 

Bedford, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Bellingham, MA 

Bradford, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Burlington, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Burlington, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Falmouth, MA 

Foxborough, MA 

Gardner, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Gardner, MA 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Gardner, MA 

Hyde Park, MA 

Leominster, MA 

- 

Littleton, MA 

- 

Lowell, MA 

- 

Lowell, MA 

- 

Lynn, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Marlborough, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Maynard, MA 

Melrose, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Methuen, MA 

Methuen, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Newton, MA 

Peabody, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Peabody, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Randolph, MA 

Revere, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Rockland, MA 

Salem, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Seekonk, MA 

() 

Sutton, MA 

Tewksbury, MA 

Tewksbury, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Wakefield, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Watertown, MA 

Webster, MA 

West Roxbury, MA 

Wilmington, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Wilmington, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Woburn, MA 

Worcester, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Worcester, MA 

- 

- 

- 

Worcester, MA 

Worcester, MA 

- 

Worcester, MA 

Worcester, MA 

Accokeek, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Baltimore, MD 

- 

- 

Baltimore, MD 

- 

Beltsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Beltsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Beltsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Beltsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Bladensburg, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Bowie, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Capitol Heights,, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Clinton, MD 

- 

- 

- 

College Park, MD 

- 

- 

- 

District Heights, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Ellicott City, MD 

Greater Landover, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Greenbelt, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Hyattsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Hyattsville, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Landover, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Landover Hills, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Lanham, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Laurel, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Oxon Hill, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Riverdale, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Suitland, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Upper Marlboro, MD 

- 

- 

- 

Biddeford, ME 

Lewiston, ME 

Battle Creek, MI 

- 

Battle Creek, MI 

- 

Beverly Hills, MI 

- 

Canton, MI 

- 

Cutlerville, MI 

- 

Dearborn, MI 

- 

Detroit, MI 

- 

East Lansing,, MI 

- 

Farmington, MI 

- 

Grand Blanc,, MI 

- 

Grand Ledge, MI 

- 

Grand Rapids, MI 

- 

Grand Rapids, MI 

- 

Grand Rapids,, MI 

- 

Grand Rapids,, MI 

- 

Grandville, MI 

- 

Holland, MI 

- 

Jackson, MI 

- 

Jackson, MI 

- 

Jenison, MI 

- 

Lambertville, MI 

- 

Lansing, MI 

- 

Lansing, MI 

- 

Lansing, MI 

- 

Livonia, MI 

- 

Madison Heights, MI 

- 

Madison Heights, MI 

- 

Midland, MI 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Midland, MI 

Oak Park,, MI 

- 

Redford Township, MI 

- 

Saginaw, MI 

- 

Sterling Heights, MI 

- 

Trenton, MI 

- 

Warren, MI 

- 

Wyoming, MI 

- 

Zeeland, MI 

- 

Maple Grove, MIN 

- 

Blue Springs, MO 

- 

Blue Springs, MO 

- 

Independence, MO 

- 

Kansas City, MO 

- 

Kansas City, MO 

- 

Parkville, MO 

- 

Raymore, MO 

- 

Summit, MO 

- 

Hattiesburg, MS 

- 

Hattiesburg, MS 

- 

Indian Trail, NC 

- 

Angier, NC 

- 

Candler, NC 

- 

Cary, NC 

- 

Charlotte, NC 

- 

Charlotte, NC 

- 

Fayetteville, NC 

- 

Franklin, NC 

- 

Greensboro, NC 

- 

Henderson, NC 

- 

Henderson, NC 

- 

Hickory, NC 

- 

High Point, NC 

- 

Indian Trail, NC 

- 

Jacksonville, NC 

- 

Kannapolis, NC 

- 

Lexington, NC 

- 

Lexington, NC 

- 

Lexington, NC 

- 

Lincolnton, NC 

- 

Monroe, NC 

- 

Morganton, NC 

- 

Nashville, NC 

- 

Oxford, NC 

- 

Raleigh, NC 

- 

Raleigh, NC 

- 

Rockingham, NC 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Rolesville, NC 

Sylva, NC 

- 

Taylorsville, NC 

- 

Wake Forest, NC 

- 

Waynesville, NC 

- 

Wesley Chapel, NC 

- 

Wilson, NC 

- 

Winston-Salem, NC 

- 

Youngsville, NC 

- 

Belfield, ND 

- 

Allenstown, NH 

- 

Concord, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Concord, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Derry, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Dover, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Dover, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Goffstown, NH 

- 

Hooksett, NH 

- 

Kingston, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Londonderry, NH 

Londonderry, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Manchester, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

Nashua, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Northwood, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Pelham, NH 

- 

Portsmouth, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Raymond, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Rochester, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Rochester, NH 

Rochester, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Rochester, NH 

- 

- 

- 

Salem, NH 

Salem, NH 

Basking Ridge, NJ 

Brick, NJ 

Elizabeth, NJ 

Flemington, NJ 

Fort Lee, NJ 

Freehold, NJ 

Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 

Lake Hopatcong, NJ 

- 

Lawrence Township, NJ 

() 

- 

Livingston, NJ 

Long Branch, NJ 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Midland Park, NJ 

North Bergen, NJ 

North Plainfield, NJ 

Paramus, NJ 

Parlin, NJ 

Paterson, NJ 

Ridgewood, NJ 

Somerset, NJ 

Vernon, NJ 

Washington Township, NJ 

Watchung, NJ 

West Orange, NJ 

Albuquerque, NM 

- 

Albuquerque, NM 

- 

Albuquerque, NM 

- 

Albuquerque, NM 

- 

Las Cruces, NM 

- 

Fernley, NV 

- 

Henderson, NV 

- 

Henderson, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Las Vegas, NV 

- 

Astoria, NY 

- 

Bayside, NY 

Brewster, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Briarcliff Manor, NY 

Bronx, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Bronx, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Bronx, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Bronx, NY 

- 

Bronx, NY 

Bronx, NY 

- 

Bronx, NY 

- 

Bronxville, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Brooklyn, NY 

Brooklyn, NY 

Brooklyn, NY 

Chester, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Corona, NY 

- 

Cortlandt Manor, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Dobbs Ferry, NY 

Dobbs Ferry, NY 

- 

- 

- 

East Hampton, NY 

East Meadow, NY 

- 

Eastchester, NY 

Elmsford, NY 

- 

Elmsford, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Fishkill, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Floral Park, NY 

Flushing, NY 

- 

Flushing, NY 

- 

Flushing, NY 

- 

Flushing, NY 

- 

Forest Hills, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Garnerville, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Glen Head, NY 

Great Neck, NY 

Hartsdale, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Hawthorne, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Hopewell Junction, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Hyde Park, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Katonah, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Lakeville, NY 

- 

Latham, NY 

- 

Levittown, NY 

Levittown, NY 

Long Island City, NY 

- 

Mamaroneck, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Middletown, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Middletown, NY 

Middletown, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Millwood, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Mount Kisco, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Mount Vernon, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Nanuet, NY 

- 

- 

- 

New Paltz, NY 

- 

- 

- 

New Rochelle, NY 

- 

- 

- 

New Windsor, NY 

- 

- 

- 

New York, NY 

New York,NY 

- 

Newburgh, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Newburgh, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Ossining, NY 

Peekskill, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Pelham, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Plattsburgh, NY 

- 

Pleasant Valley, NY 

Port Chester, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Port Jefferson, NY 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

() 

- 

- 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

() 

- 

- 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Poughkeepsie, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Rego Park, NY 

- 

Riverhead, NY 

- 

Rockaway Park, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Rye, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Sag Harbor, NY 

Scarsdale, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Shrub Oak, NY 

Sleepy Hollow, NY 

Spring Valley, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Staten Island, NY 

Staten Island, NY 

Tarrytown, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Troy, NY 

- 

Tuckahoe, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Vestal, NY 

- 

Wantagh, NY 

- 

Wappingers Falls, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Warwick, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Watertown, NY 

- 

Watertown, NY 

- 

West Nyack, NY 

- 

- 

- 

White Plains, NY 

- 

- 

- 

White Plains,, NY 

- 

Yaphank, NY 

- 

Yonkers, NY 

- 

Yonkers, NY 

Yonkers, NY 

Yonkers, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Yorktown Heights, NY 

- 

- 

Yorktown Heights, NY 

- 

- 

- 

Akron, OH 

- 

Amelia, OH 

- 

Cincinnati, OH 

- 

Cincinnati, OH 

- 

Cincinnati, OH 

- 

Crestline, OH 

- 

Fairfield, OH 

- 

Hamilton, OH 

- 

Lima, OH 

- 

Loveland, OH 

- 

Mansfield, OH 

- 

Mansfield, OH 

- 

Maumee, OH 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Monroeville, OH 

Springdale, OH 

- 

Sylvania, OH 

- 

Toledo, OH 

- 

Toledo, OH 

- 

Toledo, OH 

- 

Toledo, OH 

- 

Tylersville, OH 

- 

Oklahoma City, OK 

- 

Oklahoma City, OK 

- 

Oklahoma City, OK 

- 

Stillwater, OK 

- 

Banks, OR 

- 

- 

- 

Estacada, OR 

- 

McMinnville, OR 

- 

Pendleton, OR 

- 

Portland, OR 

- 

Salem, OR 

- 

Salem, OR 

- 

Salem, OR 

- 

Salem, OR 

- 

Salem, OR 

- 

Silverton, OR 

- 

Springfield, OR 

- 

Stayton, OR 

- 

Allison Park, PA 

- 

Harrisburg, PA 

Lancaster, PA 

New Kensington, PA 

- 

Philadelphia, PA 

Philadelphia, PA 

- 

Reading, PA 

- 

Barrington, RI 

N. Providence,, RI 

Blythewood, SC 

- 

Chapin, SC 

- 

Charleston, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Columbia, SC 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Elgin, SC 

Elgin, SC 

- 

Gaston, SC 

- 

Gilbert, SC 

- 

Irmo, SC 

- 

Irmo, SC 

- 

Irmo, SC 

- 

Irmo, SC 

() 

Irmo, SC 

- 

Johns Island, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Lexington, SC 

- 

Myrtle Beach, SC 

- 

Pelion, SC 

- 

Simpsonville, SC 

- 

Summerville, SC 

- 

West Columbia, SC 

- 

West Columbia, SC 

- 

West Columbia, SC 

- 

Arlington, TX 

- 

Arlington, TX 

- 

Arlington, TX 

- 

Arlington, TX 

- 

Austin, TX 

- 

Austin, TX 

- 

Austin, TX 

- 

Austin, TX 

Cedar Park, TX 

- 

Cedar Park, TX 

- 

Center, TX 

- 

Childress, TX 

- 

Cibolo, TX 

- 

Corpus Christi, TX 

- 

Corpus Christi, TX 

- 

Corpus Christi, TX 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

El Paso, TX 

El Paso, TX 

- 

El Paso, TX 

- 

El Paso, TX 

- 

El Paso, TX 

- 

El Paso, TX 

- 

Fort Worth, TX 

Garland, TX 

- 

Garland, TX 

- 

Garland, TX 

- 

Grand Prairie, TX 

- 

Grand Prairie, TX 

- 

Harker Heights, TX 

Houston, TX 

- 

Houston, TX 

- 

Keller, TX 

Leander, TX 

- 

Leander, TX 

- 

Leander, TX 

- 

Lewisville, TX 

Linden, TX 

- 

Longview, TX 

- 

Mathis, TX 

- 

Mesquite, TX 

- 

Panhandle, TX 

- 

Paris, TX 

- 

Paris, TX 

- 

Pflugerville, TX 

- 

Port Arthur, TX 

- 

Rockdale, TX 

- 

Round Rock, TX 

- 

Round Rock, TX 

- 

Rowlett, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Antonio, TX 

- 

San Marcos, TX 

- 

Schertz, TX 

- 

Shamrock, TX 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Temple, TX 

- 

Temple, TX 

- 

Texarkana, TX 

- 

Texarkana, TX 

- 

Texarkana, TX 

- 

Waco, TX 

- 

Wake Village, TX 

- 

Watauga, TX 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

Alexandria,VA 

- 

Annandale,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Arlington,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Arlington,VA 

- 

Arlington,VA 

- 

Arlington,VA 

- 

Ashland,VA 

- 

- 

- 

Chesapeake,VA 

() 

Chesapeake,VA 

Emporia,VA 

- 

Fairfax,VA 

- 

Fairfax,VA 

- 

Fairfax,VA 

- 

Fairfax,VA 

- 

Farmville,VA 

- 

Fredericksburg,VA 

- 

Fredericksburg,VA 

- 

Fredericksburg,VA 

- 

Glen Allen,VA 

- 

Glen Allen,VA 

- 

King William,VA 

- 

Mechanicsville,VA 

() 

Mechanicsville,VA 

Mechanicsville,VA 

- 

Mechanicsville,VA 

- 

Mechanicsville,VA 

- 

Mechanicsville,VA 

- 

Montpelier,VA 

() 

Petersburg,VA 

- 

Portsmouth,VA 

Richmond,VA 

() 

Salem,VA 

- 

Sandston,VA 

- 

Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period 

Initial Cost of Leasehold or Acquisition Investment to Company (1) 

Cost Capitalized Subsequent to Initial Investment 

Land 

Building and Improvements 

Total Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Date of Initial Leasehold or Acquisition Investment (1) 

Spotsylvania,VA 

Springfield,VA 

- 

Woodstock,VA 

- 

West Haven,VT 

- 

Williston,VT 

- 

Auburn,WA 

- 

Bellevue,WA 

- 

Chehalis,WA 

- 

Colfax,WA 

- 

Federal Way,WA 

- 

Fife,WA 

- 

Kent,WA 

- 

Monroe,WA 

- 

Port Orchard,WA 

- 

Puyallup,WA 

- 

Puyallup,WA 

- 

Puyallup,WA 

- 

Renton,WA 

- 

Seattle,WA 

- 

Seattle,WA 

- 

Silverdale,WA 

- 

Snohomish,WA 

- 

- 

- 

South Bend,WA 

- 

Tacoma,WA 

- 

- 

- 

Tacoma,WA 

- 

- 

- 

Tenino,WA 

- 

Vancouver,WA 

- 

Wilbur,WA 

- 

various 

1) Initial cost of leasehold or acquisition investment to company represents the aggregate of the cost incurred during the year in which we purchased the property for owned properties or purchased a leasehold interest in leased properties. Cost capitalized subsequent to initial investment includes investments made in previously leased properties prior to their acquisition. 

 2) Depreciation of real estate is computed on the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the assets, which generally range from to for buildings and improvements, or the term of the lease if shorter. Leasehold interests are amortized over the remaining term of the underlying lease. 

 3) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes was approximately at December 31, 2022 . 

93 

Brooklyn, NY 

Borrower B 

East Islip, NY 

Borrower C 

Valley Cottage, NY 

(e) 

Borrower D 

Smithtown, NY 

Borrower E 

Norwalk, CT 

(e) 

Borrower F 

Stafford Springs, CT 

(e) 

Borrower G 

Waterbury, CT 

(e) 

Borrower H 

Bristol, CT 

Borrower I 

Hartford, CT 

Borrower J 

Middletown, CT 

Borrower K 

New Britain, CT 

Borrower L 

Plainville, CT 

Borrower M 

Simsbury, CT 

Borrower N 

Milford, CT 

Borrower O 

Fairfield, CT 

Borrower P 

Hartford, CT 

Borrower Q 

Wilmington, DE 

Borrower R 

Fairhaven, MA 

(e) 

Borrower S 

Colonia, NJ 

Borrower T 

Glendale, NY 

Borrower U 

Bayside, NY 

Borrower V 

Elmont, NY 

(e) 

Borrower W 

Malta, NY 

Borrower X 

Brewster, NY 

(e) 

Borrower Y 

Rochester, NY 

Borrower Z 

Savona, NY 

Borrower AA 

Rochester, NY 

Borrower AB 

Greigsville, NY 

Note receivable 

Various 

various 
 (c) 

Various-SC 
 
 - 

(c) 

Promissory Note 
 
 Various-CT, NY 

various 
 (c) 

Various-CT 

various 
 (c) 

() 

Total (d) 

(a) P I = Principal and interest paid monthly. 

 (b) I = Interest only paid monthly with principal deferred. 

 (c) Note for funding of capital improvements. 

 (d) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes approximates the amount of principal unpaid. 

 (e) Note is in the process of being refinanced or repaid. 

 We review payment status to identify performing versus non-performing loans. Interest income on performing loans is accrued as earned. A non-performing loan is placed on non-accrual status when it is probable that the borrower may be unable to meet interest payments as they become due. We adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective method, under which we recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment as a charge to retained earnings of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an an allowance for credit losses of and , respectively on these notes and mortgages receivable. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a credit of and , respectively, on these notes and mortgages receivable due to changes in expected economic conditions. The summarized changes in the carrying amount of mortgage loans are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at January 1, 

Additions: 

New mortgage loans 

Deductions: 

Loan repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Collection of principal 

() 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Balance at December 31, 

95 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Location of Document 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Getty Realty Holding Corp. Holdings ), now known as Getty Realty Corp., filed December 23, 1997. 
 
 Annexed as Appendix D to the Joint Proxy/Prospectus that is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on January 12, 1998 (File No. 333- 44065) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 
 Articles Supplementary to Articles of Incorporation of Holdings, filed January 21, 1998. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.3 
 
 By-Laws of Getty Realty Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2011 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Holdings, changing its name to Getty Realty Corp., filed January 30, 1998. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Holdings, filed August 1, 2001. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.6 
 
 Articles Supplementary to Articles of Incorporation of Holdings, filed October 25, 2017. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2017 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Getty Realty Corp. filed May 17, 2018 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.8 
 
 Amendment to By-Laws of Getty Realty Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.9 
 
 Second Amendment to By-Laws of Getty Realty Corp. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.10 
 
 Articles Supplementary to Articles of Incorporation of Holdings, filed February 24, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.11 
 
 Articles of Amendment of Holdings, filed April 28, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment/Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Included under the heading Description of Plan on pages 5 through 18 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3D filed on April 22, 2004 (File No. 333-114730) and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.1 
 
 Retirement and Profit Sharing Plan (restated as of December 1, 2012). 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

96 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Location of Document 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Plan for Executives of the Getty Realty Corp. and Participating Subsidiaries (adopted by the Company on December 16, 1997 and amended and restated effective January 1, 2009). 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.6 
 
 2004 Getty Realty Corp. Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Annexed as Appendix B. to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 9, 2004 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.7 
 
 Form of restricted stock unit grant award under the 2004 Getty Realty Corp. Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to the 2004 Getty Realty Corp. Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan dated December 31, 2008. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.15 
 
 Form of incentive restricted stock unit grant award under the 2004 Getty Realty Corp. Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2013 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.18 
 
 Getty Realty Corp. Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2015 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.19 
 
 Getty Realty Corp. Second Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 Annexed as Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 23, 2017 

10.20 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2015, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and as a Lender, and the other leaders party thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2015 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2015, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the Prudential Insurance Company of America, and the Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2015 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.28 
 
 First Amendment, dated as of February 21, 2017, to Credit Agreement among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and as a Lender, and the other leaders party thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2017 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.29 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2017, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the Prudential Insurance Company of America Prudential and certain affiliates of Prudential. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2017 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.30 
 
 Transaction Agreement between Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC and Getty Realty Corp., dated June 22, 2017. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2017 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.31 
 
 Distribution Agreement by and among Getty Realty Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Capital One Securities, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC, dated March 9, 2018. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2016 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

97 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Location of Document 

10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2018, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, each lender from time to time party thereto and each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.33 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2018, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the Prudential and certain affiliates of Prudential. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 26, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.34 
 
 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2018, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company MetLife and certain affiliates of MetLife. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 26, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.35 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its directors. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 25, 2018 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.36 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2019, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the Prudential and certain affiliates of Prudential. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.37 
 
 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2019, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto and American General Life Insurance Company. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.38 
 
 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2019, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.39 
 
 Consent and Second Amendment, dated as of September 12, 2019, to Credit Agreement among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and as a Lender, and the other leaders party thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 30, 2019 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.40 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Getty Realty Corp., Prudential and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.41 
 
 First Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, between Getty Realty Corp. and AIG. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.42 
 
 First Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Getty Realty Corp., MassMutual and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.43 
 
 Getty Realty Corp. Second Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.44 
 
 Getty Realty Corp. Third Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

98 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Location of Document 

10.45 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Award under the 2004 Getty Realty Corp. Third Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.46 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.47 
 
 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among Getty Realty Corp., The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain of its affiliates that are the holders of the notes signatory thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.48 
 
 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among Getty Realty Corp., American General Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates that are the holders of the notes signatory thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.49 
 
 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among Getty Realty Corp., {Barings} and certain of its affiliates that are the holders of the notes signatory thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.50 
 
 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among Getty Realty Corp., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates that are the holders of the notes signatory thereto. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.51 
 
 Distribution Agreement by and among Getty Realty Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, BTIG, LLC, Capital One Securities, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC, dated February 26, 2021. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.52 
 
 Form of Master Forward Confirmation 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.53 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2022, among Getty Realty Corp., Prudential and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.54 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement dated as of February 22, 2022 among Getty Realty Corp. and American General Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.55 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement dated as of February 22, 2022 among Getty Realty Corp. and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.56 
 
 Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement dated as of February 22, 2022 among Getty Realty Corp. and New York Life Insurance Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022 (File No. 001-13777) and incorporated herein by reference. 

99 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Location of Document 

10.57 
 
 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2022, among Getty Realty Corp., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Christopher J. Constant, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Brian Dickman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Christopher J. Constant, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Brian Dickman, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 
 
 Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions of this Exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act, which portions are omitted and filed separately with the SEC. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted because they are not material. 
 Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The exhibits listed in this Exhibit Index which were filed or furnished with our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available upon payment of a 25 fee per exhibit, upon request from us, by writing to Investor Relations addressed to Getty Realty Corp., 292 Madison Avenue, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. Our website address is www.gettyrealty.com. Our website contains a hyperlink to the EDGAR database of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov where you can access, free-of-charge, each exhibit that was filed or furnished with our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 100 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Getty Realty Corp. (Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Brian Dickman 

Brian Dickman 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Eugene Shnayderman 

Eugene Shnayderman 

Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

February 23, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 / S / C HRISTOPHER J. C ONSTANT 
 By: 
 / S / M ILTON C OOPER 

Christopher J. Constant President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 
 
 Milton Cooper Director February 23, 2023 

By: 
 / S / P HILIP E. C OVIELLO 
 By: 
 / S / Howard Safenowitz 

Philip E. Coviello Director February 23, 2023 
 
 Howard Safenowitz Director and Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 

By: 
 / S / Mary Lou Malanoski 
 By: 
 / S / R ICHARD E. M ONTAG 

Mary Lou Malanoski Director February 23, 2023 
 
 Richard E. Montag Director February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Evelyn Infurna 

Evelyn Infurna Director 

February 23, 2023 

101 

<EX-4>
 2
 gty-ex4_2.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2020, Getty Realty Corp. we , our , us or the Company has its common stock, 0.01 par value per share common stock registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 The following description of our common stock, which is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our charter and bylaws, each of which is filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ). You should read our charter and bylaws and the applicable provisions of the MGCL for a complete statement of the provisions described under this caption Description of Common Stock and for other provisions that may be important to you. 
 Common Stock 
 Under our charter, we have the authority to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 46,734,790 shares of common stock. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GTY. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. For the election of our board of directors, holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. Our common stockholders are entitled to receive ratably such dividends that we declare out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of our common stock have the right to a ratable portion of the assets remaining after payment of liabilities and liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of our preferred stock. The holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or rights to convert their common stock into other securities. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of our preferred stock. 
 Under the MGCL and our charter, a distribution (whether by dividend, redemption or other acquisition of shares) to holders of shares of our common stock may be made only if, after giving effect to the distribution, our total assets are greater than our total liabilities plus the amount necessary to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to the holders of common stock. We have complied with this requirement in all of our prior distributions to holders of common stock. 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. A Maryland corporation may provide, however, in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Ownership and Transfer Restrictions 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. Our capital stock also must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. In addition, rent from related party tenants (generally, a tenant of a REIT owned, actually or constructively, 10 or more by the REIT, or a 10 owner of the REIT) is not qualifying income for purposes of the income tests under the Code. Our charter prohibits any holder from owning, or being deemed to own by virtue of the constructive ownership provisions of the Code, shares of our capital stock to the extent that such ownership or deemed ownership would result in the Company failing to qualify as a REIT. 
 In addition, subject to certain exceptions specified in our charter, (a) no holder may (i) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 5.0 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock or (ii) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain other constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 9.9 (by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (b) no holder may (i) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 5.0 of the number (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class or series of the outstanding shares of our preferred stock or (ii) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain other constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 9.9 (by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class or series of outstanding shares of our preferred stock; and (c) no holder may (i) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 5.0 (in value) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock or (ii) own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain other constructive ownership provisions of the Code, in excess of 9.9 (in value) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. 
 
 The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause shares of capital stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals or entities or both to be deemed constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 5.0 of our outstanding common stock, 5.0 of our outstanding preferred stock or 5.0 of our outstanding capital stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, our capital stock) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity (or another individual or entity) to own our stock in excess of the above ownership limits. 
 Our board of directors may waive the ownership limit and the related party limit (as described below) with respect to a particular stockholder if evidence satisfactory to our board of directors and our tax counsel is presented that such ownership will not then or in the future jeopardize our status as a REIT. Because rent from related party tenants is not qualifying rent for purposes of the gross income tests under the Code, our charter provides that no individual or entity may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of certain constructive ownership provisions of the Code (which differ from the constructive ownership provisions applied to the above ownership limits), in excess of 9.9 in value of the outstanding common stock of a tenant of the Company. We refer to this ownership limit as the related party limit. As a condition of any waiver, our board of directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), an opinion of counsel satisfactory to it or an undertaking, or both from the applicant with respect to preserving our REIT status. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. If shares of capital stock in excess of the ownership limit or the related party limit, or shares which would otherwise cause the REIT to be beneficially owned by less than 100 persons or which would otherwise cause us to be closely held within the meaning of the Code or would otherwise result in our failure to qualify as a REIT, are issued or transferred to any person, that issuance or transfer shall be null and void to the intended transferee, and the intended transferee would acquire no rights to the stock. Shares transferred in excess of the ownership limit or the related party limit, or shares which would otherwise cause us to be closely held within the meaning of the Code or would otherwise result in our failure to qualify as a REIT, will automatically be transferred to a trustee of a trust for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries selected by us. While these shares are held in trust, the trustee will be entitled to receive, in trust for the beneficiary, all dividends and other distributions and will be entitled to exercise all voting rights with respect to those shares. Within 20 days of the transfer, the trustee shall sell the shares held in the trust to one of more persons, designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limit. The net proceeds shall be divided as follows: the intended transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the intended transferee or, if the intended transferee did not give value for such shares (through a gift, devise or otherwise), a price per share equal to the market value of the shares on the date of the purported transfer to the intended transferee and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the trust. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the intended transferee shall be immediately paid to the charitable beneficiary. 
 In addition, until the trustee has sold the shares of stock held in trust, such shares are purchasable by us at a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the market price for the stock on the date we determine to purchase the stock. 
 All certificates representing shares of our capital stock will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Our board of directors granted exemptions from the ownership limit to certain existing stockholders (Leo Liebowitz, Howard Safenowitz and Milton Cooper and their affiliated trusts and partnerships) who own shares of our common stock in excess of the ownership limits. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare, Inc., 462 South 4 th Street, Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202. 
 Possible Anti-Takeover Effects of Maryland Law and our Charter and Bylaws 
 Our charter and bylaws contain certain provisions that may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. In addition, certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law may hinder or delay an attempted takeover of our company other than through negotiation with our board of directors. These provisions could discourage attempts to acquire us or remove our management even if some or a majority of our stockholders believe this action to be in their best interest, including attempts that might result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price of their shares of our capital stock. 
 Number of Directors; Vacancies. The number of directors on our board of directors may only be altered by the action of a majority of our entire board of directors. A vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the entire board of directors. A vacancy on our board of directors for any cause other than an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, although such majority may be less than a quorum. Any individual so elected as director holds office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is elected and qualifies. 
 Power to Issue Preferred Stock. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the holders of our common stock, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series and to fix the relative designations, powers, preferences and privileges of the preferred stock, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock. Our board of directors, without 
 
 stockholder approval, can issue preferred stock with voting, conversion or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. 
 Power to Reclassify Shares of Our Stock. Our charter authorizes our board of directors to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into one or more classes or series of stock, and to divide and classify shares of any class into one or more series of such class. Prior to issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series, our board of directors is required by the Maryland General Corporation Law and by our charter to set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series. 
 Special Stockholders Meetings. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by our president, chairman of the board, chief executive officer or board of directors, or by our stockholders only upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 Advance Notice Provisions. Our bylaws establish an advance written notice procedure for stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at any annual meeting of stockholders and to bring business before an annual meeting of our stockholders. Our bylaws provide that only persons who are nominated by or at the direction of our board of directors or by a stockholder who has given timely written notice to our secretary before the meeting to elect directors will be eligible for election as our directors. Our bylaws also provide that any matter to be presented at any meeting of stockholders must be presented either by our board of directors or by a stockholder in compliance with the procedures in our bylaws. A stockholder must give timely written notice to our secretary of its intention to present a matter before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Restrictions of Transfer . The ownership and transfer restriction provisions in our charter described above could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a takeover or other transaction in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then prevailing market price or which stockholders might believe to be otherwise in their best interest. 
 Maryland Business Combination Act. In addition to these provisions of our charter and bylaws, we are subject to the provisions of Maryland Business Combination Act (the Business Combination Act ), which prohibits transactions between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Generally, pursuant to the Business Combination Act, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of a Maryland corporation s voting stock. These provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company or reducing the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our capital stock. 
 Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act . The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act may deny voting rights to shares involved in an acquisition of one-tenth or more of the voting stock of a Maryland corporation. In our charter and bylaws, we have elected not to have the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of our Company. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 gty-ex10_57.htm
 EX-10.57

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.57 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of December 22, 2022, among GETTY REALY CORP., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower party hereto as guarantors (the Guarantors the Guarantors and the Borrower, collectively, the Loan Parties and each individually, a Loan Party ), each of the Lenders (as defined below) party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, a revolving credit facility has been extended to the Borrower pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented, increased and extended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto; 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1.	 Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 2.	 Amendments to Credit Agreement . The parties hereto agree that effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below): 
 (a)	the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth on the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, the Amended Credit Agreement ); 
 (b)	Exhibit A to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as set forth in Annex A hereto; and 
 (c)	 Annex B hereto is hereby added to the Amended Credit Agreement as Exhibit I thereto. 
 3.	 Conditions Precedent . This Agreement shall be effective as of the first date each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied (the first date each of such conditions precedent has been satisfied being referred to herein as the First Amendment Effective Date ): 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 
 
 The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, telecopies or in .pdf or other electronic format in each case in accordance with Section 11.17 of the Existing Credit Agreement as incorporated herein pursuant to Section 12 hereof: 
 (a)	executed counterparts of this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, each Lender, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent; 
 (b)	a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party certifying that immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects except (i) with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.18 thereof, in which case they shall be true and correct in all respects, (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date or for such earlier period, as applicable, (iii) that any representation or warranty contained therein that is already by its terms qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) after giving effect to such qualification and (iv) that for purposes hereof, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 thereof shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 thereof; and 
 (c)	a favorable opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, as to such customary matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 4.	 Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . As of the First Amendment Effective Date, each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery hereof) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 (a)	it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and has taken or caused to be taken all necessary company action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement; 
 (b)	no material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement, except for such approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings which have already been completed or obtained; 
 (c)	this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on its behalf by a duly authorized officer or other authorized Person, and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to 
 	 2 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 
 
 bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general principles of equity; 
 (d)	no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and 
 (e)	the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Agreement will not violate any Applicable Law, or any order or decree of any Governmental Authority, or conflict with, or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 5.	 Ratification . 
 (a)	The Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed by the Loan Parties. The amendments referred to in Section 2 hereof shall be deemed to have prospective application only in the manner set forth herein. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. 
 (b)	This Agreement shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly provided herein (including Exhibit A hereto), shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Amended Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Amended Credit Agreement, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender may now have or have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 6.	 Reaffirmation of Obligations . The Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties, as to itself only, (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) agrees that notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Agreement, this Agreement and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Borrower s or such other Loan Party s obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and that such obligations shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed and ratified in all respects, in each case, as amended hereby and (d) in the case of any Guarantor, its Guaranty, as and to the extent provided under Article X of the Credit Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Revolving Loans made in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitments, as increased and in effect on the date hereof. 
 7.	 Governing Law . This Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, 
 	 3 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 
 
 and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of NEW yORK WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) . 
 8.	 Certain References. Each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as modified hereby and as the Amended Credit Agreement may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.	 
 9.	 Modifications. Neither this Agreement, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto. 
 10.	 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 11.	 Headings . Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.	 
 12.	 Miscellaneous . The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes a Loan Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the provisions of Sections 11.04, 11.14 and 11.17 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference as if set forth herein in full, mutatis mutandis . 
 			[ Signature Pages Follow] 

4 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 
 
 Exhibit 10.57 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent have caused this Agreement to be executed by their officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date hereof. 
 BORROWER : 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. 

By: /s/ Brian Dickman 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

GUARANTORS :				 GETTY PROPERTIES CORP. 
 GETTY TM CORP. 
 AOC TRANSPORT, INC. 
 GETTYMART INC. 
 LEEMILT'S PETROLEUM, INC. 
 SLATTERY GROUP INC. 
 GETTY HI INDEMNITY, INC. 
 GETTY LEASING, INC. 
 GTY MD LEASING, INC. 
 GTY NY LEASING, INC. 
 GTY MA/NH LEASING, INC. 
 GTY-CPG (VA/DC) LEASING, INC. 
 GTY-CPG (QNSBX) LEASING, INC. 

By: /s/ Brian Dickman 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
 
 GTY-PACIFIC LEASING, LLC 
 GTY-EPP LEASING, LLC 
 GTY-SC LEASING, LLC 
 GTY AUTO SERVICE, LLC 
 GTY-GPM/EZ LEASING, LLC 
 
 By: GETTY PROPERTIES CORP ., its Sole member 
 
 By: /s/ Brian Dickman 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

POWER TEST REALTY COMPANY 
 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 
 By: GETTY PROPERTIES CORP ., its Sole member 
 
 By: /s/ Brian Dickman 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

LENDERS : 	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender and L/C Issuer 

By: /s/ Helen Chan 
 Name: Helen Chan 
 Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender and L/C Issuer 

By: /s/ Kelly Milton 
 Name: Kelly Milton 
 Title: Executive Director 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Peter Ilovic 
 Name: Peter Ilovic 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 
 
 	By: /s/ Michael Bailin 
 Name: Michael Bailin 
 Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

TD BANK, NA , as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Jeremy Raichle 
 Name: Jeremy Raichle 
 Title: Managing Director 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Keshia Leday 
 Name: Keshia Leday 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT :	 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 

By: /s/ Helen Chan 
 Name: Helen Chan 
 Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172416821 US 172803117 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE 
 
 Date: ___________, _____ 
 To:	Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Getty Realty Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), the subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 The undersigned hereby request on [INSERT REQUESTED FUNDING DATE] (a Business Day) (select one): 
 Revolving Facility 

Indicate : Borrowing, Conversion or Continuation 
 Indicate : Requested Amount 
 Indicate : Base Rate Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Loan 
 For Term Rate Loans Indicate: Interest Period (1, 3 or 6 months) 

A-1- 1 
 	Form of Committed Loan Notice 

The Committed Borrowing, if any, requested herein complies with the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement. 
 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Title] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 

A-1- 1 
 	Form of Committed Loan Notice 

EXHIBIT I 
 
 FORM OF Notice of Loan prepayment 

Date: ___________, _____ 1 
 To:	Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement ; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Getty Realty Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), the subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests to prepay on [INSERT REQUESTED PREPAYMENT DATE] (a Business Day): 2 
 
 Revolving Facility 3 

Indicate : Prepayment Amount 
 Indicate : Base Rate Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Loan 
 For Term SOFR Loans Indicate : Interest Period (i.e., 1, 3 or 6-month interest period) 

1 Note to Borrower . All prepayments submitted under a single Notice of Loan Prepayment must be effective on the same date. If multiple effective dates are needed, multiple Notices of Loan Prepayment will need to be prepared and signed. 
 2 Note to Borrower . Complete a new row for each Committed Borrowing of the facility being prepaid. 
 3 Note to Borrower . If an Incremental Term Loan Facility has been established, insert a separate chart for such facility. 
 
 A-1- 1 
 	Form of Committed Loan Notice 

GETTY REALTY CORP. 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 
 A-1- 2 
 	Form of Committed Loan Notice 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 2 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 170096644 

Published Revolving Credit Facility CUSIP Number: 37429UAN8 
 Published Deal CUSIP Number: 37429UAM0 
 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of October 27, 2021 
 among 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. , 
 as the Borrower, 
 CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF GETTY REALTY CORP. FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO , as Guarantors, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Syndication Agents, 
 TD BANK, N.A. , 
 as Documentation Agent 
 and 
 The Other Lenders and L/C Issuers Party Hereto 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 and 
 KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS , as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Section 	 Page 

Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1 

1.01 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

1.02 
 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 46 

1.03 
 Accounting Terms 
 47 

1.04 
 Rounding 
 47 

1.05 
 Times of Day Rates 
 47 

1.06 
 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 47 

1.07 
 Interest Rates 
 48 

Article II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 48 

2.01 
 Committed Loans 
 48 

2.02 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 
 49 

2.03 
 Letters of Credit 
 51 

2.04 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 
 62 

2.05 
 Prepayments 
 62 

2.06 
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 63 

2.07 
 Repayment of Loans 
 63 

2.08 
 Interest 
 63 

2.09 
 Fees 
 64 

2.10 
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 
 65 

2.11 
 Evidence of Debt 
 65 

2.12 
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 
 66 

2.13 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 68 

2.14 
 Extension of Maturity Date in Respect of Revolving Credit Facility 
 68 

2.15 
 Increase in Facilities 
 70 

2.16 
 Cash Collateral 
 74 

2.17 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 75 

Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 78 

3.01 
 Taxes 
 78 

3.02 
 Illegality 
 82 

3.03 
 Inability to Determine Rates; Replacement of Relevant Rates or Successor Rates 
 83 

3.04 
 Increased Costs 
 85 

3.05 
 Compensation for Losses 
 86 

3.06 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 87 

3.07 
 Survival 
 87 

Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO Credit Extensions 
 87 

4.01 
 Conditions of Effectiveness 
 88 

4.02 
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 
 90 

i 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 91 

5.01 
 Existence, Qualification and Power 
 91 

5.02 
 Authorization; No Contravention 
 91 

5.03 
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 
 91 

5.04 
 Binding Effect 
 91 

5.05 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 
 91 

5.06 
 Litigation 
 92 

5.07 
 No Default 
 92 

5.08 
 Ownership of Property 
 93 

5.09 
 Environmental Compliance 
 93 

5.10 
 Insurance 
 93 

5.11 
 Taxes 
 93 

5.12 
 ERISA Compliance 
 93 

5.13 
 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties 
 94 

5.14 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 
 94 

5.15 
 Disclosure 
 94 

5.16 
 Compliance with Laws 
 95 

5.17 
 Taxpayer Identification Number 
 95 

5.18 
 OFAC; Sanctions 
 95 

5.19 
 Solvency 
 96 

5.20 
 REIT Status; Stock Exchange Listing 
 96 

5.21 
 Unencumbered Eligible Properties 
 96 

5.22 
 Casualty; Etc. 
 96 

5.23 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 96 

5.24 
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 96 

5.25 
 Affected Financial Institution 
 96 

5.26 
 Covered Entity 
 96 

Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 97 

6.01 
 Financial Statements 
 97 

6.02 
 Certificates; Other Information 
 98 

6.03 
 Notices 
 100 

6.04 
 Payment of Obligations 
 101 

6.05 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 101 

6.06 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 101 

6.07 
 Maintenance of Insurance 
 101 

6.08 
 Compliance with Laws 
 102 

6.09 
 Books and Records 
 102 

6.10 
 Inspection Rights 
 102 

6.11 
 Use of Proceeds 
 102 

6.12 
 Additional Guarantors 
 102 

6.13 
 Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 104 

6.14 
 Further Assurances 
 105 

6.15 
 Maintenance of REIT Status; Stock Exchange Listing 
 105 

6.16 
 Minimum Property Condition 
 105 

ii 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

6.17 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 
 105 

Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 105 

7.01 
 Liens 
 105 

7.02 
 Investments 
 106 

7.03 
 Indebtedness 
 106 

7.04 
 Fundamental Changes 
 106 

7.05 
 Dispositions 
 107 

7.06 
 Restricted Payments 
 108 

7.07 
 Change in Nature of Business 
 108 

7.08 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 108 

7.09 
 Burdensome Agreements 
 108 

7.10 
 Use of Proceeds 
 109 

7.11 
 Financial Covenants 
 109 

7.12 
 Accounting Changes 
 110 

7.13 
 Amendments of Organization Documents and Certain Debt Documents 
 110 

7.14 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Sanctions 
 111 

7.15 
 Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 111 

7.16 
 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 112 

Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 112 

8.01 
 Events of Default 
 112 

8.02 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 115 

8.03 
 Application of Funds 
 115 

Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 116 

9.01 
 Appointment and Authority 
 116 

9.02 
 Rights as a Lender 
 116 

9.03 
 Exculpatory Provisions 
 117 

9.04 
 Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 118 

9.05 
 Delegation of Duties 
 118 

9.06 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent 
 118 

9.07 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent, the Syndication Agents and the Other Lenders 
 120 

9.08 
 No Other Duties, Etc. 
 121 

9.09 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 121 

9.10 
 Guaranty Matters 
 122 

9.11 
 Lender Representations Regarding ERISA 
 122 

9.12 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 
 124 

Article X. CONTINUING GUARANTY 
 124 

10.01 
 Guaranty 
 124 

10.02 
 Rights of Lenders 
 125 

10.03 
 Certain Waivers 
 125 

10.04 
 Obligations Independent 
 126 

10.05 
 Subrogation 
 126 

10.06 
 Termination 
 126 

iii 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

10.07 
 Subordination 
 127 

10.08 
 Stay of Acceleration 
 127 

10.09 
 Condition of the Loan Parties 
 127 

10.10 
 Contribution 
 127 

Article XI. MISCELLANEOUS 
 128 

11.01 
 Amendments, Etc. 
 128 

11.02 
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 
 131 

11.03 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 
 134 

11.04 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 134 

11.05 
 Payments Set Aside 
 137 

11.06 
 Successors and Assigns 
 137 

11.07 
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 
 142 

11.08 
 Right of Setoff 
 143 

11.09 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 144 

11.10 
 Effectiveness 
 144 

11.11 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 144 

11.12 
 Severability 
 144 

11.13 
 Replacement of Lenders 
 145 

11.14 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 146 

11.15 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 147 

11.16 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 147 

11.17 
 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 
 148 

11.18 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 149 

11.19 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 149 

11.20 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 149 

11.21 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 150 

11.22 
 Amendment and Restatement 
 151 

SCHEDULES 
 
 1.01A	Eligible Ground Leases (Legacy) 
 1.01B	Existing Letters of Credit 
 2.01	Commitments, Applicable Percentages and Sublimits 
 5.13	Subsidiaries; Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization 
 11.01(c)	Amended Financial Covenant Provisions 
 11.02	Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices; Taxpayer Identification Numbers 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A	Committed Loan Notice 
 B	[Intentionally Omitted] 
 C-1	Revolving Credit Note 
 C-2	Incremental Term Loan Note 
 	 iv 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

D	Compliance Certificate 
 E-1	Assignment and Assumption 
 E-2	Administrative Questionnaire 
 F	Joinder Agreement 
 G	U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 H	Solvency Certificate 
 I	Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment 
 
 	 v 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of October 27, 2021, among GETTY REALTY CORP., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), each L/C Issuer from time to time party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 The Borrower, Bank of America, as administrative agent, and certain other parties are party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2018 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Restatement Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement ); and 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, which amends and restates the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety, but not as a novation, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01	Defined Terms 
 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Additional Note Agreement means any note purchase agreement, private shelf facility or other similar agreement entered into on or after December 4, 2020 in connection with any institutional private placement financing transaction providing for the issuance and sale of debt Securities by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to one or more institutional investors. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit E-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. In no event shall the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, in each case in its capacity as such, be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower. 
 Aggregate Deficit Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Aggregate Excess Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the first introductory paragraph hereto. 
 AIG Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of Borrower as Subsidiary Guarantors, AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC and certain affiliates thereof, as Purchasers, as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date and as thereafter may be amended or otherwise modified to incorporate the Amended Financial Covenant Provisions. 
 
 AIG Note Documents means, collectively, (i) the AIG Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) the other Financing Documents (as defined in the AIG Note Purchase Agreement) as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 
 Amended Financial Covenant Provision has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(c)(v) . 
 
 Applicable Fee Rate means, with respect to any day, the per annum fee rate set forth opposite the Revolver Usage for such day in the following pricing grid: 

Revolver Usage 
 Applicable Fee Rate 

50 
 0.15 

0.25 

Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject. For purposes of Section 3.01, the term applicable Law shall include FATCA. 
 Applicable Percentage means, (a) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Revolving Credit Facility represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 and (b) in respect of any Incremental Term Loan Facility, with respect to any Incremental Term Loan Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of such Incremental Term Loan Facility represented by the principal amount of such Incremental Term Loan Lender s Incremental Term Loans at such time. If the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and the obligation of any L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Revolving Credit Commitments have expired, then 
 	 2 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

the Applicable Percentage of each Revolving Credit Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Revolving Credit Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of each Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means (i) at any time prior to the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date, the Leverage-Based Applicable Rate in effect at such time, (ii) at any time on and after the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date, the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate in effect at such time and (iii) with respect to any Incremental Term Loans of any Type, the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment. 
 Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility at such time. 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility or any Incremental Term Loan Facility, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Facility or holds a Revolving Credit Loan or an Incremental Term Loan, respectively, at such time and (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Subfacility, (i) the L/C Issuers and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03(a) , the Revolving Credit Lenders. 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Bank, N.A. and KeyBanc Capital Markets, each in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 	 3 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Availability Period means, in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, (b) the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and of the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Banking Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, any bank, saving and loan association, investment bank, trust company, commercial credit corporation or broker/dealer that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Barings Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, among Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of Borrower as Subsidiary Guarantors, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates thereof, as Purchasers, as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date and as thereafter may be amended or otherwise modified to incorporate the Amended Financial Covenant Provisions. 
 Barings Note Documents means, collectively, (i) the Barings Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) the other Financing Documents (as defined in the Barings Note Purchase Agreement) as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 
 	 4 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greatest of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Base Rate Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May, 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 	 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets constitute (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan as determined under the Plan Assets Regulation. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located. 
 Cap Rate means, at any time, the greater of (a) seven and one-quarter percent (7.25 ), and (b) the Cap Rate as such term (or any equivalent term howsoever defined) is defined in the AIG Note Purchase Agreement, the Barings Note Purchase Agreement, the MetLife Note Purchase Agreement, the Prudential Note Purchase Agreement or any other Material Credit Facility, as the case may be. 
 Capitalized Lease means any lease that has been or is required to be, in accordance with GAAP, classified and accounted for as a capital lease or financing lease. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. 
 	 5 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents means on any date, the sum of: (a) the aggregate amount of cash then held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (as set forth on the Borrower s balance sheet for the then most recently ended fiscal quarter), plus (b) the aggregate amount of Cash Equivalents (valued at fair market value) then held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, plus (c) the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents in restricted 1031 accounts under the exclusive control of the Borrower. 
 Cash Equivalents means short-term investments in liquid accounts, such as money-market funds, bankers acceptances, certificates of deposit and commercial paper. 
 CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 (a)	any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 
 (b)	during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first 
 	 6 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Commitment means a Revolving Credit Commitment or an Incremental Term Loan Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Committed Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing or an Incremental Term Loan Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan or an Incremental Term Loan, as the context may require. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to another, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, any proposed Successor Rate, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions related thereto, including Base Rate, SOFR , Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent (after advance consultation with the Borrower), to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of 
 	 7 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means an amount determined in accordance with GAAP equal to: (x) (A) the Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower for the most recently ended fiscal quarter, adjusted for straight-line rents and net amortization of above-market and below-market leases, deferred financing leases and deferred leasing incentives, plus income taxes, Consolidated Interest Expense, depreciation and amortization, and calculated exclusive of any rent or other revenue that has been earned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries during such fiscal quarter but not yet actually paid to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries unless otherwise set off from net income, plus (B) the sum of the following (without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge or deduction in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period) (i) one-time cash charges (including legal fees) incurred during such fiscal quarter with respect to continued compliance by the Borrower with the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, the Note Documents and/or the loan or financing documents with respect to any other Pari Passu Obligations permitted by this Agreement (excluding the terms and conditions of Unsecured Indebtedness arising under Swap Contracts), (ii) non-cash impairments taken during such fiscal quarter, (iii) extraordinary and unusual bad-debt expenses incurred in such quarter, (iv) any costs incurred in such quarter in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Properties, (v) non-cash allowances for deferred rent and deferred mortgage receivables incurred in such quarter, (vi) losses on sales of operating real estate and marketable securities incurred during such fiscal quarter and (vii) any other extraordinary, non-recurring, expenses recorded during such fiscal quarter, including any settlements in connection with litigation and reserves recorded for environmental litigation, in each case, determined in accordance with GAAP, less (C) the sum of the following (without duplication and to the extent reflected as income in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period) (i) extraordinary and unusual bad debt reversals recorded in such fiscal quarter (ii) gains on sales of operating real estate and marketable securities incurred during such fiscal quarter and (iii) any other extraordinary, non-recurring, cash income recorded during such fiscal quarter, in each case, determined in accordance with GAAP, multiplied by (y) four (4). Consolidated EBITDA will be calculated on a pro forma basis to take into account the impact of any Property acquisitions and/or dispositions made by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries during the most recently ended fiscal quarter, as well as any long-term leases signed during such fiscal quarter, as if such acquisitions, dispositions and/or lease signings occurred on the first day of such fiscal quarter. 
 Consolidated EBITDAR means for any Person, the sum of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus (ii) (x) rent expenses exclusive of non-cash rental expense adjustments for the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower multiplied by (y) four (4). 
 Consolidated Group means the Loan Parties and their consolidated Subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 	 8 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, without duplication, the sum of (i) total interest expense of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP (including for the avoidance of doubt interest attributable to Capitalized Leases) and (ii) the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of the Interest Expense of Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person for any period and without duplication, the sum of (i) the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of the net income (or loss) attributable to Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
 Consolidated Secured Indebtedness means, at any time, the portion of Consolidated Total Indebtedness that is Secured Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Secured Recourse Indebtedness means, at any time, the portion of Consolidated Secured Indebtedness that is not Non-Recourse Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, as of any date of determination, (a) Shareholders Equity minus (b) the Intangible Assets of the Consolidated Group, plus (c) all accumulated depreciation and amortization of the Consolidated Group, in each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, the then aggregate outstanding amount of all Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group determined on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness means, at any time, the portion of Consolidated Total Indebtedness that is Unsecured Indebtedness. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 11.21(b) . 
 Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Committed Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 
 Credit Facility has the meaning given that term in the definition of Material Credit Facility. 
 Creditor Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers. 
 	 9 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs means, with respect to any Non-Recourse Indebtedness, exclusions from the exculpation provisions with respect to such Non-Recourse Indebtedness for fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication of funds, waste, environmental claims, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy, prohibited transfers, violations of single purpose entity covenants and other circumstances customarily excluded by institutional lenders from exculpation provisions and/or included in separate indemnification agreements in non-recourse financings of real estate. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SOFR Adjustment. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Daily SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Debt Rating means, as to any Person, a non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt rating of such Person. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means when used with respect to (a) a Base Rate Loan, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans for the Facility under which such Loan was made plus (iii) 2.00 per annum, (b) a Daily SOFR Loan, an interest rate equal to (i) Daily Simple SOFR plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Daily SOFR Loans for the Facility under which such Loan was made plus (iii) 2.00 per annum, (c) a Term SOFR Loan, an interest rate equal to (i) Term SOFR plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Loans for the Facility under which such Loan was made plus (iii) 2.00 per annum, (d) Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate then applicable to Letter of Credit Fees, plus 2.00 per annum and (e) Obligations other than Loans and Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate, plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, plus (iii) 2.00 per annum. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the 
 	 10 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or amounts payable pursuant to Section 11.04(c) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuers and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease (other than a lease entered into in the ordinary course of business) or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith and including any disposition of property to a Division Successor pursuant to a Division. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning given that term in the definition of Division. 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or 
 	 11 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Documentation Agent means TD Bank, N.A., in its capacity as documentation agent. 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 11.06(b)(iii) ). 
 Eligible Ground Lease means (i) an Eligible Ground Lease (New) or (ii) an Eligible Ground Lease (Legacy). 
 Eligible Ground Lease (Legacy) means, as to any Property, a ground lease: 
 (a)	that is specifically identified on the Restatement Effective Date in Schedule 1.01A ; 
 (a)	that has the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower as lessee; 
 (b)	as to which no default or event of default has occurred or with the passage of time or the giving of notice would occur; 
 	 12 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(c)	under which no ground lessor has the unilateral right to terminate such ground lease prior to expiration of the stated term of such ground lease absent the occurrence of any casualty, condemnation or default by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder; and 
 (d)	that has a remaining term of at least one year at all times. 
 Eligible Ground Lease (New) means, as to any Property, a ground lease: 
 (a)	that has the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower as lessee; 
 (b)	as to which no default or event of default has occurred or with the passage of time or the giving of notice would occur; 
 (c)	that has a remaining term (inclusive of any unexercised extension options) of twenty five (25) years or more from the date such Property is included as an Unencumbered Eligible Property; 
 (d)	that provides the right of the lessee to mortgage and encumber its interest in such Property without the consent of the lessor; 
 (e)	that includes an obligation of the lessor to give the holder of any mortgage lien on such Property written notice of any defaults on the part of the lessee and an agreement of such lessor that such lease will not be terminated until such holder has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosure and fails to do so; 
 (f)	that includes provisions that permit transfer of the lessee's interest under such lease on reasonable terms, including the ability to sublease; and 
 (g)	that includes such other rights customarily required by mortgagees making a loan secured by the interest of the holder of the leasehold estate demised pursuant to a ground lease. 
 Environmental Expenses means, (a) for any four fiscal quarter period, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of cash expenditures made by members of the Consolidated Group during such period in respect of costs incurred to remediate environmental issues with respect to Properties (net of the aggregate amount of cash received by members of the Consolidated Group during such period from any available State environmental funds in respect of any such environmental issues) and (ii) the aggregate amount of fees and expenses paid by members of the Consolidated Group during such period to legal and other professional advisors engaged to represent or otherwise advise one or more members of the Consolidated Group in connection with (A) litigations or proceedings (whether judicial, administrative or other) concerning environmental issues with respect to Properties and (B) investigations, audits and similar inquiries of any Governmental Authority with respect to Properties and (b) for any one fiscal quarter period, an amount equal to the amount determined in accordance with the preceding immediately clause (a) for the four fiscal quarter period ending on the last day of such one fiscal quarter period, divided by four (4). 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the 
 	 13 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 	 14 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that: 
 (a)	does not own or ground lease all or any portion of any Unencumbered Eligible Property, 
 (b)	does not, directly or indirectly, own all or any portion of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns an Unencumbered Eligible Property, 
 (c)	is not a borrower, guarantor or otherwise liable under or in respect of Indebtedness under any Note Document or any other Unsecured Indebtedness; and 
 (d)	either: 
 (i)	is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, or 
 (ii)	is a borrower or guarantor of Secured Indebtedness owed to a non-affiliate (or a direct or indirect parent of such borrower or guarantor (other than the Borrower)), and the terms of such Secured Indebtedness prohibit such Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor; or 
 (iii)	does not own any assets. 
 Upon any Subsidiary which is a Guarantor and was not previously an Excluded Subsidiary becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (including, without limitation, as a result of the removal of the Property owned by such Subsidiary as an Unencumbered Eligible Property as contemplated in the definition of Unencumbered Property Criteria ), such Subsidiary shall, upon the request of the Borrower, be released as a Guarantor; provided , that at the time of, and after giving effect to, such release (x) no Default or Event of Default shall be existing, (y) no amount is then due and payable under the Guaranty and (z) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the matters set forth in clauses (x) and (y) above and certifying that such Subsidiary constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 11.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, 
 	 15 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) , (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Existing Committed Loans means the Committed Loans as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the second introductory paragraph. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit issued pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement that are outstanding on the Restatement Effective Date and described on Schedule 1.01B , and Existing Letter of Credit means any of them individually. 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . 
 Existing Revolving Credit Note means a Revolving Credit Note as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Exiting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 11.22(a) . 
 Extension Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . 
 Extension Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b) . 
 Facility means the Revolving Credit Facility or any Incremental Term Loan Facility, as the context may require. 
 Facility Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreement (and related fiscal or regulatory legislation, or related official rules or practices) implementing the foregoing. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the 
 	 16 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated September 28, 2021, among the Borrower, Bank of America and BofA Securities, Inc. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 	 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December [ ], 2022, among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and certain other parties. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means [ ], 2022. 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDAR (less any cash payments made in respect of Environmental Expenses made during the then most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters to the extent not already deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDAR) (exclusive of non-cash GAAP adjustments related to Environmental Expenses) as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, to (b) the sum of all interest incurred (accrued, paid or capitalized and determined based upon the actual interest rate), plus regularly scheduled principal payments paid with respect to Indebtedness (excluding optional prepayments and balloon principal payments due on maturity in respect of any Indebtedness), plus rent expenses (exclusive of non-cash rental expense adjustments), plus dividends on preferred stock or preferred minority interest distributions, with respect to this clause (b) , all calculated with respect to the then most recently ended fiscal quarter and multiplied by four (4), and, with respect to both clauses (a) and (b) , all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to the L/C Issuers, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 Funds From Operations means, with respect to any period and without double counting, an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such 
 	 17 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

period, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures; provided that Funds From Operations shall exclude impairment charges, charges from the early extinguishment of indebtedness and other non-cash charges as evidenced by a certification of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing calculations in reasonable detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect Funds From Operations on the same basis. In addition, Funds from Operations shall be adjusted to remove any impact of the expensing of acquisition costs pursuant to FAS 141 (revised), as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in December of 2007, and effective January 1, 2009, including, without limitation, (i) the addition to Consolidated Net Income of costs and expenses related to ongoing consummated acquisition transactions during such period; and (ii) the subtraction from Consolidated Net Income of costs and expenses related to acquisition transactions terminated during such period. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Green Project means a project that is for environmentally-friendly purpose that aligns with one of the four core components of the Green Loan Principles published by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association, together with the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and the Loan Market Association. 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (without duplication with respect to such Person) (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any 
 	 18 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs shall not, in and of themselves, be considered to be a Guarantee unless demand has been made for the payment or performance of such Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs. 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 10.01 . 
 Guarantors means, collectively, (a) each Subsidiary of the Borrower on the Restatement Effective Date, other than Excluded Subsidiaries and Subsidiaries that do not own any assets on the Restatement Effective Date, which Subsidiaries will be deemed to be Excluded Subsidiaries until the date on which such Subsidiary acquires any assets, at which time such Subsidiary will automatically cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary, (b) each Subsidiary that is, or is required to become, a Guarantor under and pursuant to the terms of any Note Document, any Additional Note Agreement or any document evidencing or governing Unsecured Indebtedness and (c) each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that joins as a Guarantor pursuant to Section 6.12 or otherwise, in each case under clauses (a) , (b) and (c) together with their successors and permitted assigns. 
 Guaranty means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors under Article X in favor of the Creditor Parties. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 . 
 Increase Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Incremental Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 	 Incremental Term Loan means an advance made by an Incremental Term Loan Lender under an Incremental Term Loan Facility. 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Incremental Term Loans of the same Type and in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same 
 	 19 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Interest Period made by each of the Incremental Term Loan Lenders pursuant to the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment. 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Incremental Term Loan Lender with respect to any Incremental Term Loan Facility, its obligation to make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15(e) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Incremental Term Loan Lender s name on the applicable schedule to the Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment establishing such Incremental Term Loan Facility or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Incremental Term Loan Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Facility means (a) at any time prior to the making of any tranche of Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15(e) , the aggregate Incremental Term Loan Lenders Incremental Term Loan Commitments of such tranche at such time and (b) at any time after the making of such Incremental Term Loans, the aggregate amount of Incremental Term Loans of all Incremental Term Loan Lenders with respect to such Incremental Term Loan Facility outstanding at any time. 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(d) . 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 	 Incremental Term Loan Lender means, at any time, any Lender that holds an Incremental Term Loan or an Incremental Term Loan Commitment. 
 	 Incremental Term Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of an Incremental Term Loan Lender evidencing Incremental Term Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
 (a)	all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
 (b)	all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances and similar instruments (including bank guaranties, surety bonds, comfort letters, keep-well agreements and capital maintenance agreements) to the extent such instruments or agreements support financial, rather than performance, obligations; 
 (c)	net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
 (d)	all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business that are not past due for more than 60 days); 
 (e)	indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention 
 	 20 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
 (f)	Capitalized Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; 
 (g)	all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person (valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred Equity Interest, at its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends); 
 (h)	[reserved]; and 
 (i)	all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing, excluding guarantees of Non-Recourse Indebtedness for which recourse is limited to liability for Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs. 
 For all purposes hereof, (i) Indebtedness shall include the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of the foregoing items and components attributable to Indebtedness of Unconsolidated Affiliates and (ii) the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company or a limited partnership in which such Person is a limited partner and not a general partner) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any Capitalized Lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 11.04(b) . 
 Indirect Owner has the meaning specified in the definition of Unencumbered Property Criteria . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 11.07 . 
 Initial Maturity Date means October 27, 2025. 
 Intangible Assets means assets that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP, excluding lease intangibles but including customer lists, goodwill, computer software, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research and development costs. 
 Interest Expense means, for any period with respect to any Person, without duplication, total interest expense of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP (including for the avoidance of doubt interest attributable to Capitalized Leases). 
 	 21 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Daily SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; and (c) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability), as selected by the Borrower in the applicable Committed Loan Notice; provided that: 
 (a)	any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
 (b)	any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
 (c)	no Interest Period shall extend beyond the applicable Maturity Date. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person or (d) the purchase, acquisition or other investment in any real property or real property-related assets (including, without limitation, mortgage loans and other real estate-related debt investments, investments in land holdings, and costs to construct real property assets under development). For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Grade Credit Rating means receipt of at least two Debt Ratings of Baa3 or better from Moody s or BBB- or better from S P or Fitch. 
 Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date means the first Business Day following the date on which the Borrower has (a) obtained an Investment Grade Credit Rating and (b) delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) 
 	 22 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

certifying that an Investment Grade Credit Rating has been obtained by the Borrower and is in effect (which certification shall also set forth the Debt Rating received, if any, from each Rating Agency as of such date) and (ii) notifying the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has irrevocably elected to have the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate apply to the pricing of the Facilities. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by an L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. For purposes of Section 3.01, the term Laws includes FATCA. 
 L/C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. 
 L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. 
 L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 L/C Draw Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 L/C Issuer means either Bank of America or JPMorgan Chase Bank in such Person s capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit; provided that for so long as any Existing Letter of Credit remains outstanding hereunder, the issuer of such Existing Letter of Credit shall continue to be the L/C Issuer with respect to such Existing Letter of Credit. 
 L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in 
 	 23 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 L/C Reimbursement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Lease means a lease, sublease and/or occupancy or similar agreement under which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the landlord (or sub-landlord) or lessor (or sub-lessor) the terms of which provide for a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower to occupy or use any Real Property, or any part thereof, whether now or hereafter executed and all amendments, modifications or supplements thereto 
 Lender and Lenders have the meanings specified in the first introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder, and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by an L/C Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . 
 Letter of Credit Issuance Expiration Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect for the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Subfacility means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of the L/C Issuers Letter of Credit Sublimits at such time and (b) the Revolving Credit Facility at such time. The Letter of Credit Subfacility is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. On the Restatement Effective Date, the amount of the Letter of Credit Subfacility is 10,000,000. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means, as to each L/C Issuer, its agreement as set forth in Section 2.03 to issue, amend and extend Letters of Credit in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such L/C Issuer s name on 
 	 24 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption, New Lender Joinder Agreement or other documentation, which other documentation shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such L/C Issuer becomes an L/C Issuer hereunder, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Leverage-Based Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any SOFR Loan, Base Rate Loan and Letter of Credit Fee, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below, based upon the range into which the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value then falls in accordance with the following table: 

Pricing Level 
 Ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value 
 SOFR Loans and Letters of Credit 
 Base Rate Loans 

Category 1 
 
 1.30 
 0.30 

Category 2 
 40 and 
 1.40 
 0.40 

Category 3 
 45 and 
 1.55 
 0.55 

Category 4 
 50 and 
 1.70 
 0.70 

Category 5 
 > 55 
 1.90 
 0.90 

The ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value shall be determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter based on the financial statements and related Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(a) , respectively, in respect of such fiscal quarter, and each change in rates resulting from a change in the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value shall be effective from and including the day when the Administrative Agent receives such financial statements and related Compliance Certificate indicating such change but excluding the effective date of the next such change; provided that, if either the financial statements or related Compliance Certificate are not delivered when due in accordance with Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(a) , respectively, then the highest pricing (at Pricing Level Category 5) shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such financial statements and related Compliance Certificate were required to have been delivered and shall continue to apply until the first Business Day immediately following the date such financial statements and related Compliance Certificate required by Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(a) , respectively, are delivered, whereupon the Leverage-Based Applicable Rate shall be adjusted based upon the calculation of the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value contained in such Compliance Certificate. The Leverage-Based Applicable Rate in effect from the Restatement Effective Date through the first Business Day immediately following the date financial statements and a Compliance Certificate are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(a) , respectively, for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021 shall be determined based on the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value as set forth in the Pro Forma Restatement Effective Date Compliance Certificate. Notwithstanding anything 
 	 25 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Leverage-Based Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b) . 
 Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, negative pledge (other than any negative pledge which is a Permitted Pari Passu Provision or is a negative pledge which is contemplated pursuant to clause (B) of Section 7.09 ), or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), and in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, each Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement, the Fee Letter, and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 Management Fees means, with respect to each Property for any period, an amount equal to two percent (2.0 per annum on the aggregate rent (including base rent and percentage rent) due and payable under leases with respect to such Property. 
 Material Acquisition means one or more acquisitions consummated during any calendar quarter by the Borrower or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries of assets of, or constituting, a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower (whether by purchase of such assets, purchase of Person(s) owning such assets or some combination thereof) with a minimum aggregate gross purchase price at least equal to 100,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations, business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform their obligations under any Loan Document; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 Material Credit Facility means, as to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (a) the AIG Note Purchase Agreement, the Barings Note Purchase Agreement, the MetLife Note Purchase Agreement and the Prudential Note Purchase Agreement and (b) any other agreement(s) or arrangement(s) creating or evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money entered into on or after 
 	 26 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

the Restatement Effective Date by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or in respect of which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an obligor or otherwise provides a guarantee, security or other credit support (each, a Credit Facility ), in a principal amount outstanding or available for borrowing equal to or greater than 50,000,000 (or the equivalent of such amount in the relevant currency of payment, determined as of the date of the closing of such facility based on the exchange rate of such other currency), as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time and any successor or replacement agreement or arrangement; and if no Credit Facility or Credit Facilities equal or exceed such amounts, then the largest Credit Facility shall be deemed to be a Material Credit Facility . 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, October 27, 2025, subject to extension in accordance with Section 2.14 , and (b) with respect to any Incremental Term Loan Facility, the maturity date set forth in the Incremental Term Loan Amendment establishing such Facility; provided , however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 MetLife Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2018, among the Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower as Subsidiary Guarantors, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates thereof, as Purchasers and as thereafter may be amended or otherwise modified to incorporate the Amended Financial Covenant Provisions. 
 MetLife Note Documents means, collectively, (i) the MetLife Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) the other Financing Documents (as defined in the MetLife Note Purchase Agreement) as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (i) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 101 of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (ii) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 101 of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (iii) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers in their sole discretion. 
 Minimum Lease Term Requirement means at any time, that the then average weighted remaining term of all Leases pertaining to Unencumbered Eligible Properties, excluding extension options (which have not yet been exercised such that the Lease term has been extended to reflect such exercise), is at least five (5) years. For purposes of the foregoing, the remaining term of a Lease pertaining to an Unencumbered Eligible Property shall be weighted based on the rent (including base rent and percentage rent) due and payable thereunder relative to the rent (including base rent and percentage rent) of all Leases pertaining to Unencumbered Eligible Properties. 
 Minimum Property Condition means, at any time, the aggregate Unencumbered Asset Value of all Unencumbered Eligible Properties is at least 500,000,000. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 	 27 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 NOI means, with respect to any Property for any period, property rental and other income derived from the operation of such Property from Qualified Tenants paying rent (including, base rent, percentage rent and any additional rent in the nature of expense reimbursements or contributions made by Qualified Tenants to a member of the Consolidated Group for insurance premiums, real estate taxes, common area expenses or similar items) as determined in accordance with GAAP, minus the amount of all expenses (as determined in accordance with GAAP) incurred in connection with and directly attributable to the ownership and operation of such Property for such period, including, without limitation, Management Fees, Environmental Expenses and amounts accrued for the payment of real estate taxes and insurance premiums, but excluding (a) any general and administrative expenses related to the operation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (b) any interest expense or other debt service charges, (c) any non-cash charges such as depreciation or amortization of financing costs and (d) for avoidance of doubt, any such items of expense which are payable directly by any Qualified Tenant under the terms of its Lease which may include insurance premiums, real estate taxes and/or common area charges. 
 New Lender Joinder Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b) . 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders, all Lenders of a Facility or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 11.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, or the Required Incremental Term Loan Lenders, as applicable. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Recourse Indebtedness means, with respect to a Person, (a) any Indebtedness of such Person in which the holder of such Indebtedness may not look to such Person personally for repayment, other than to the extent of any security therefor or pursuant to Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs, (b) if such Person is a Single Asset Entity, any Indebtedness of such Person (other than Indebtedness described in the immediately following clause (c) ), or (c) if such Person is a Single Asset Holding Company, any Indebtedness of such Single Asset Holding Company resulting from a Guarantee of, or Lien securing, Indebtedness of a Single Asset Entity that is a Subsidiary of such Single Asset Holding Company, so long as, in each case, either (i) the holder of such Indebtedness may not look to such Single Asset Holding Company personally for repayment, other than to the Equity Interests held by such Single Asset Holding Company in such Single Asset Entity or pursuant to Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs or (ii) such Single Asset Holding Company has no assets other than Equity Interests in such Single Asset Entity and cash 
 	 28 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

or Cash Equivalents and other assets of nominal value incidental to the ownership of such Single Asset Entity. 
 Note means a Revolving Credit Note or an Incremental Term Note, as the context may require. 
 Note Documents means, collectively, the Prudential Note Documents, the MetLife Note Documents, the AIG Note Documents and the Barings Note Documents. 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit I or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Loan Parties to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing in clause (a) above that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Loan Parties pursuant to an express right to do so which is provided for under the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability company agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Original Credit Agreement means this Agreement, as in effect immediately prior to the First Amendment becoming effective on the First Amendment Effective Date.	 
 	 29 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Committed Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Ownership Share means, with respect to any Subsidiary of a Person (other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary thereof) or any Unconsolidated Affiliate of a Person, such Person s relative direct and indirect economic interest (calculated as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the declaration of trust, articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of organization, partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable organizational document of such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate. For avoidance of doubt, the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of any income or liability of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, or any asset that is Wholly-Owned by the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, shall be 100 . 
 Pari Passu Obligations means Unsecured Indebtedness (exclusive of the Obligations) of the Borrower or any Guarantor owing to a Person that is not the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
 	 30 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 Permitted Businesses means the business of owning, leasing and managing gasoline stations, convenience store properties and other retail real properties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, quick service or other casual restaurants and auto service and auto parts stores), and any other single-tenant net lease business, and business activities reasonably related to the foregoing (including the creation or acquisition of any interest in any Subsidiary (or entity that following such creation or acquisition would be a Subsidiary) for the purpose of conducting the foregoing activities), in each case that are permitted for real estate investment trusts under the Code. 
 Permitted Equity Encumbrances means Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges which are (a) immaterial to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or (c) being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions or proceedings diligently conducted (which actions or proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien), if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP. 
 Permitted Pari Passu Provisions means provisions that are contained in documentation evidencing or governing Pari Passu Obligations which provisions are the result of (a) limitations on the ability of the Borrower or a Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or transfer property to the Borrower or any Guarantor which limitations are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive than those contained in this Agreement, (b) limitations on the creation of any Lien on any assets of a Person that are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive than those contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) any requirement that Pari Passu Obligations be secured on an equal and ratable basis to the extent that the Obligations are secured. 
 Permitted Property Encumbrances means: 
 (j)	Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which actions or proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien), if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP. 
 (k)	easements, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which (i) to the extent existing with respect to an Unencumbered Eligible 
 	 31 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Property, do not constitute the occurrence of an event or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect with respect to the use, operations or marketability of such Unencumbered Eligible Property or (ii) to the extent existing with respect to a Property that is not an Unencumbered Eligible Property, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (l)	mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions or proceedings diligently conducted (which actions or proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien), if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 
 (m)	any interest or right of a lessee of a Property under leases entered into in the ordinary course of business of the applicable lessor; and 
 (n)	rights of lessors under Eligible Ground Leases. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 Plan Assets means plan assets as defined in the Plan Assets Regulation. 
 Plan Assets Regulation means 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pro Forma Restatement Effective Date Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(a)(ix) . 
 Property means any Real Property which is owned or ground leased by the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof. 
 Prudential Note Purchase Agreement means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2020, among the Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower as Subsidiary Guarantors, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates thereof, as Purchasers, as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date and as thereafter may be amended or otherwise modified to incorporate the Amended Financial Covenant Provisions. 
 	 32 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Prudential Note Documents means, collectively, (i) the Prudential Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) the other Financing Documents (as defined in the Prudential Note Purchase Agreement) as in effect on the Restatement Effective Date. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Qualified Affiliate means one or more banks, finance companies, insurance or other financial institutions which (a) (i) has (or, in the case of a bank or other financial institution which is a subsidiary, such bank's or financial institution's parent has) a rating of its senior unsecured debt obligations of not less than Baa1 by Moody s or a comparable rating by a rating agency acceptable to Administrative Agent or (ii) has total assets in excess of one billion dollars 1,000,000,000) and (b) except with respect to a pension advisory firm or similar fiduciary, has capital/statutory surplus or shareholder's equity in excess of 500,000,000. 
 Qualified Tenant means , at any time, a tenant under a Lease of Property that meets the following criteria: (a) either such tenant is itself in occupancy of such Property or, if such Property is occupied by subtenants of such tenant, no member of the Consolidated Group has reason to believe that the failure of such subtenants to occupy such Property would reasonably be expected to result in such tenant defaulting its monetary obligations under the Lease of such Property to which it is a party as lessee, (b) such tenant is not subject to any proceedings under Debtor Relief Laws, (c) such tenant is not more than one month in arrears on its rent payments due under the Lease of such Property to which it is a party as lessee, and (d) if such tenant has one or more sub-tenants, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has actual knowledge, without inquiry or investigation, of any monetary defaults by such sub-tenant(s) under its sublease with such tenant that would reasonably be expected to result in such tenant defaulting its monetary obligations under the Lease of such Property to which it is a party as lessee. 
 Rating Agency means any of S P, Fitch or Moody s. 
 Ratings-Based Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any SOFR Loan, Base Rate Loan, Facility Fee and Letter of Credit Fee, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below, based upon the range into which the Debt Ratings then fall, in accordance with the following table: 
 	 33 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Pricing Levels 
 Debt Rating 
 SOFR Loans and Letters of Credit 
 Base Rate Loans 
 Facility Fee Rate 

Category 1 
 A- / A3 
 0.725 
 0.000 
 0.125 

Category 2 
 BBB+ / Baa1 
 0.775 
 0.000 
 0.150 

Category 3 
 BBB / Baa2 
 0.850 
 0.000 
 0.200 

Category 4 
 BBB- / Baa3 
 1.050 
 0.050 
 0.250 

Category 5 
 
 1.400 
 0.400 
 0.300 

If at any time the Borrower has only two (2) Debt Ratings, and such Debt Ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between such Debt Ratings is one ratings category (e.g. Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the higher of the Debt Ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such Debt Ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the rating that is one higher than the lower of the applicable Debt Ratings were used. If at any time the Borrower has three (3) Debt Ratings, and such Debt Ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between the highest and the lowest such Debt Ratings is one ratings category (e.g. Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the highest of the Debt Ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such Debt Ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch) or more, the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the two (2) highest Debt Ratings were used, provided that if such average is not a recognized rating category, then the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the second highest Debt Rating of the three were used. If the Borrower has fewer than two Debt Ratings at any time after the occurrence of the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date, then the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be determined based on Pricing Level Category 5. 
 Initially, the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the Debt Ratings specified in the certificate delivered pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date. Thereafter, each change in the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in a Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(g) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, 
 	 34 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
 Real Property as to any Person means all of the right, title, and interest of such Person in and to land, improvements, and fixtures. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 Recourse Indebtedness means Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, that is not Non-Recourse Indebtedness; provided that personal recourse for Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs shall not, by itself, cause such Indebtedness to be characterized as Recourse Indebtedness. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(c) . 
 REIT Status means, with respect to any Person, the qualification of such Person as a real estate investment trust under the provisions of Sections 856 et seq. of the Code. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, discharge, deposit, disposal, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection or leaching into the environment, or into, from or through any building, structure or facility. 
 Relevant Payment has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Removal Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b) . 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. 
 Required Financial Information means, with respect to each fiscal period or quarter of the Borrower (a) the financial statements required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) and (b) the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) . 
 	 35 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Required Incremental Term Loan Lenders means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Incremental Term Loan Facility, Incremental Term Loan Lenders having Incremental Term Loans representing more than 50 of the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility. The portion of the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Incremental Term Loan Lenders at any time. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having Total Revolving Credit Exposures and Incremental Term Loans representing more than 50 of the sum of (a) the Total Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders and (b) each Incremental Term Loan Facility. The Total Revolving Credit Exposure and the portion of each Incremental Term Loan Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the relevant L/C Issuer in making such determination. 
 Required Revolving Credit Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders having Total Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Revolving Credit Exposures of all Revolving Credit Lenders. The Total Revolving Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Revolving Credit Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the relevant L/C Issuer in making such determination. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a) . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restatement Effective Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.01 . 
 	 36 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person or any Subsidiary thereof, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). 
 Revolver Usage means, with respect to any day, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans on such day and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations on such day to (b) the Revolving Credit Commitments in effect on such day. 
 Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments at such time. On the Restatement Effective Date, the Revolving Credit Facility was 300,000,000. 
 Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment or holds a Revolving Credit Loan at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing Revolving Credit Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 . 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 	 37 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

S P means S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global, and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Secured Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Person that is secured by a Lien on any asset (including without limitation any Equity Interest) owned or leased by the Borrower, any Subsidiary thereof or any Unconsolidated Affiliate, as applicable; provided that a negative pledge shall not, in and of itself, cause any Indebtedness to be considered to be Secured Indebtedness. 
 Securities and Security shall have the meanings specified in section 2(1) of the Securities Act. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Consolidated Group as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Significant Subsidiary means, on any date of determination, each Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower (a) whose total assets as of the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter were equal to or greater than 10 of the Total Asset Value at such time, or (b) whose gross revenues were equal to or greater than 10 or more of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the then most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters (it being understood that all such calculations shall be determined in the aggregate for all Subsidiaries of the Borrower subject to any of the events specified in clause (f) , (g) or (h) of Section 8.01 ). 
 Single Asset Entity means a Person (other than an individual) that (a) only owns or leases a Property and/or cash or Cash Equivalents and other assets of nominal value incidental to such Person s ownership of such Property; (b) is engaged only in the business of owning, developing and/or leasing such Property; and (c) receives substantially all of its gross revenues from such Property. In addition, if the assets of a Person consist solely of (i) Equity Interests in one or more other Single Asset Entities and (ii) cash or Cash Equivalents and other assets of nominal value incidental to such Person s ownership of the other Single Asset Entities, such Person shall also be deemed to be a Single Asset Entity for purposes of this Agreement (such an entity, a Single Asset Holding Company ). 
 Single Asset Holding Company has the meaning given that term in the definition of Single Asset Entity. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any 
 	 38 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

successor source); provided however that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10 (10 basis points). 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 SOFR Loan means a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan, as applicable. 
 Solvency Certificate means a Solvency Certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit H . 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing 
 	 39 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) , the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Syndication Agents means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and KeyBank National Association, each in its capacity as a co-syndication agent. 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means: 
 (a)	for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case plus the SOFR Adjustment; and 
 (b)	for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; 
 provided , that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 	 40 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Term SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 Threshold Amount means (a) with respect to Recourse Indebtedness of any Person, 30,000,000, (b) with respect to Non-Recourse Indebtedness of any Person, 75,000,000 and (c) with respect to the Swap Termination Value owed by any Person, 30,000,000. 
 Total Asset Value means, on any date of determination, the sum (without duplication) of (a) the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of NOI for the period of four full fiscal quarters ended on or most recently ended prior to such date (excluding the Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of NOI for any Property not owned or leased for the entirety of such four fiscal quarter period), and divided by the Cap Rate, (b) the aggregate cash acquisition price paid to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower for Properties (other than unimproved land, or properties that are under construction or otherwise under development and not yet substantially complete) that were owned, or ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended on or most recently ended prior to such date for a period less than four full fiscal quarters, plus the amount of capital expenditures actually spent by the Borrower or a consolidated Subsidiary thereof in connection with such Properties, (c) Cash and Cash Equivalents, (d) investments in marketable securities, valued at the lower of GAAP book value or market as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended on or most recently ended prior to such date, (e) the aggregate GAAP book value of all unimproved land and properties that are under construction or otherwise under development and not yet substantially complete owned or leased as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended on or most recently ended prior to such date and (f) the aggregate GAAP book value of mortgage notes receivable as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended on or most recently ended prior to such date. The Consolidated Group s Ownership Share of assets held by Unconsolidated Affiliates (excluding assets of the type described in clauses (c) and (d) above) will be included in the calculation of Total Asset Value on a basis consistent with the above described treatment for Wholly-Owned assets; provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of calculating Total Asset Value at any time, Investments in excess of the following limitations on specific classes of Investments shall be excluded from such calculations, but, for avoidance of doubt, shall not be a Default or Event of Default: 
 (i)	purchase money mortgages or other financing provided to Persons in connection with the sale of a Property, in an aggregate amount in excess of ten percent (10 of Total Asset Value; 
 (ii)	purchasing, originating and owning loans (excluding loans described in clause (i) above) secured by mortgages or deeds of trust on one or more Real Properties that are described in the definition of Permitted Businesses, in an aggregate amount in excess of fifteen percent (15 of Total Asset Value; 
 	 41 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(iii)	Investments in unimproved land in an aggregate amount in excess of ten percent (10 of Total Asset Value; 
 (iv)	Investments in marketable securities traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the American Stock Exchange (AMEX) or NASDAQ (National Market System Issues only) in an aggregate amount in excess of five percent (5 of the Total Asset Value; 
 (v)	Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates (excluding investments described in clause (iv) above) in an aggregate amount in excess of five percent (5 of Total Asset Value; 
 (vi)	Investments in Real Property under development (i.e., a property which is being developed for which a certificate of occupancy (or other equivalent thereof issued under applicable local law) has not been issued) in an aggregate amount in excess of ten percent (10 of the Total Asset Value; 
 (vii)	Investments in multi-tenant retail businesses in an aggregate amount in excess of ten percent (10 of the Total Asset Value; and 
 (viii)	Investments of the types set forth in clauses (i) through (vii) above in an aggregate amount in excess of thirty percent (30 of the Total Asset Value. 
 Determinations of whether an Investment causes one of the above limitations to be exceeded will be made after giving effect to the subject Investment, and the value of any Investment will be determined in the manner set forth in clauses (a) through (f) of this definition. 
 Total Outstandings means, at any time, the then aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the unused Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time. 
 Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means, at any time, the then aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and all L/C Obligations. 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Loan or a Term SOFR Loan. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce ICC Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended 
 	 42 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unconsolidated Affiliate means, at any date, any Person (x) in which any member of the Consolidated Group, directly or indirectly, holds an Equity Interest, which investment is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower on an equity basis of accounting and (y) whose financial results are not consolidated with the financial results of the Borrower under GAAP. 
 Unencumbered Asset Value means, as of any date of determination, the sum of 
 (a)	(i) the aggregate Unencumbered NOI from Unencumbered Eligible Properties owned, or ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease, for the period of four full fiscal quarters ended on or most recently ended prior to such date, divided by (ii) the Cap Rate; and 
 (b)	the sum of (i) the aggregate cash acquisition price paid to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower for all Unencumbered Eligible Properties that were owned, or ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended on or most recently ended prior to such date for a period less than four full fiscal quarters, plus (ii) an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount of capital expenditures actually spent by the Borrower or a consolidated Subsidiary thereof in connection with such Unencumbered Eligible Properties and (B) ten percent (10 of the aggregate cash acquisition price paid for such Unencumbered Eligible Properties as referred to in clause (b)(i) above; 
 provided , however that (x) not more than fifteen percent (15 of the Unencumbered Asset Value at any time may be in respect of Unencumbered Eligible Properties that are subject to Eligible Ground Leases (rather than Wholly-Owned in fee simple), with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from Unencumbered Asset Value and (y) not more than fifteen percent (15 of the Unencumbered Asset Value at any time may be in respect of Unencumbered Eligible Properties that are not an operating gasoline station, a convenience store or another Permitted Business operating adjacent to or in connection with an operating gasoline station or convenience store owned or ground leased by the Consolidated Group. 
 Unencumbered Eligible Property has the meaning specified in the definition of Unencumbered Property Criteria . 
 Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of (a) Unencumbered NOI for all Unencumbered Eligible Properties for such fiscal quarter to (b) Unsecured Interest Expense for such fiscal quarter. 
 Unencumbered NOI means, as for any period, the aggregate NOI that is attributable to all Unencumbered Eligible Properties owned, or ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease, during such period; provided , that not more than 30 of the aggregate Unencumbered NOI 
 	 43 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

for all Unencumbered Eligible Properties at any time may come from any single tenant (together with its Affiliates), with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from such aggregate Unencumbered NOI. 
 Unencumbered Property Criteria in order for any Property to be included as an Unencumbered Eligible Property it must be designated as such by the Borrower and must meet and continue to satisfy each of the following criteria (each such property that is so designated and meets such criteria being referred to as an Unencumbered Eligible Property ): 
 (a)	the Property is operated as a Permitted Business; 
 (b)	the Property is Wholly-Owned in fee simple directly by, or is ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease directly to, the Borrower or a Guarantor; 
 (c)	each Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to the Property must be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and be a Guarantor; 
 (d)	each Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to the Property must be organized in a state within the United States of America or in the District of Columbia, and the Property itself must be located in a state within the United States of America or in the District of Columbia; 
 (e)	the Equity Interests of each Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to such Property are not subject to any Liens (including, without limitation, any restriction contained in the organizational documents of any such Subsidiary that limits the ability to create a Lien thereon as security for indebtedness, but excluding any negative pledge under the Loan Documents or which is a Permitted Pari Passu Provision or is a negative pledge which is contemplated pursuant to clause (B) of Section 7.09 other than Permitted Equity Encumbrances; 
 (f)	the Property is not subject to any ground lease (other than an Eligible Ground Lease), Lien or any restriction (other than any negative pledge under the Loan Documents or which is a Permitted Pari Passu Provision or is a negative pledge which is contemplated pursuant to clause (B) of Section 7.09 on the ability of the Borrower and each Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to such Property to transfer or encumber such property or income therefrom or proceeds thereof (other than Permitted Property Encumbrances); 
 (g)	the Property does not have any title, survey, environmental, structural, architectural or other defects that would interfere with the use of such Property for its intended purpose in any material respect and shall not be subject to any condemnation or similar proceeding; 
 (h)	no Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to such Property shall be subject to any proceedings under any Debtor Relief Law; 
 (i)	no Unencumbered Property Subsidiary with respect to such Property shall incur or otherwise be liable for any Indebtedness (other than (x) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, (y) Unsecured Indebtedness (whether as a borrower, guarantor or other 
 	 44 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

obligor) and (z) in the case of an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary that indirectly owns all or any portion of an Unencumbered Eligible Property (an Indirect Owner ), unsecured guaranties of Non-Recourse Indebtedness of a Subsidiary thereof for which recourse to such Indirect Owner is contractually limited to liability for Customary Non-Recourse Carve-Outs); and 
 (j)	the business(es) operated at such Property would not, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, reasonably be expected to cause Administrative Agent or any Lender to violate any Applicable Law or applicable regulation. 
 Unencumbered Property Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns, or ground leases, directly or indirectly, all or a portion of any Unencumbered Eligible Property. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents means on any date, the sum of: (a) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash then held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (as set forth on the Borrower s balance sheet for the then most recently ended fiscal quarter), plus (b) the aggregate amount of unrestricted Cash Equivalents (valued at fair market value) then held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. As used in this definition, Unrestricted means, with respect to any asset, the circumstance that such asset is not subject to any Liens or claims of any kind in favor of any Person. 
 Unsecured Debt Facility means Unsecured Indebtedness of any Person that is of a type described in clause (a) , (b) or (c) of the definition of Indebtedness or is a Guarantee of any such Unsecured Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Unsecured Debt Facility of the type described in clause (c) of the definition of Indebtedness , Unsecured Debt Facility shall not include any underlying Secured Indebtedness that is the subject of such Swap Contract or any documentation with respect to any such underlying Secured Indebtedness that is the subject of such Swap Contract. 
 Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Person that is not Secured Indebtedness. 
 Unsecured Interest Expense means, for any period, the portion of Consolidated Interest Expense for such period attributable to Unsecured Indebtedness equal to the actual interest expense incurred in respect thereof during such period. 
 Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such 
 	 45 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 Wholly-Owned means with respect to the ownership by any Person of any Property, that one hundred percent (100 of the title to such Property is held in fee directly or indirectly by, or one hundred percent (100 of such Property is ground leased pursuant to an Eligible Ground Lease directly or indirectly by, such Person. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person on any date, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which one hundred percent (100 of the Equity Interests and one hundred percent (100 of the ordinary voting power are, as of such date, owned and Controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable U.K. Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02	Other Interpretive Provisions 
 . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a)	The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in 
 	 46 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b)	In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 
 (c)	Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (d)	Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 1.03	 Accounting Terms 
 . 
 (a)	 Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of any member of the Consolidated Group shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
 (b)	 Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to 
 	 47 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c)	 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 1.04	Rounding 
 . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05	Times of Day Rates 
 . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 1.06	Letter of Credit Amounts 
 . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 1.07	Interest Rates 
 . The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) 
 	 48 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Article II.	 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.01	Committed Loans 
 . 
 (a)	 Revolving Credit Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan to the Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Credit Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the limits of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Daily SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b)	 Incremental Term Loan Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in an Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment, each Incremental Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make a single Loan to the Borrower on the applicable Increase Effective Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Each Incremental Term Loan Borrowing shall consist of Incremental Terms Loans made simultaneously by the Incremental Term Loan Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of such Incremental Term Loan Facility. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and the related Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Incremental Term Loans may be of such types as set forth in the related Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment. 
 2.02	Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 
 . 
 (a)	Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to another, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice 
 	 49 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) two (2) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Daily SOFR Loans or Base Rate Committed Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of Daily SOFR Loans or Base Rate Committed Loans. Each Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 2,500,000; provided that all Committed Borrowings of, conversions to and continuations of Term SOFR Loans requested to occur on the same Business Day shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether such minimum principal amount requirement is satisfied. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) , each Committed Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof; provided that all Committed Borrowings of and conversions to Base Rate Committed Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, as applicable, requested to occur on the same Business Day shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether such minimum principal amount requirement is satisfied with respect to the applicable Type of Committed Loan. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Revolving Credit Borrowing, an Incremental Term Loan Borrowing, conversion of Revolving Credit Loans or Incremental Term Loans from one Type to another, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Committed Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 (b)	Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage under the applicable Facility of the applicable Revolving Credit Loans or Incremental Term Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing or Incremental Term Loan Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Committed Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the 
 	 50 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided , however , that if, on the date a Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Credit Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (c)	Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (d)	The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. 
 (e)	After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 
 (f)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 (g)	With respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (h)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or elsewhere: (a) Each Eurodollar Rate Loan (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) that is outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date shall continue to accrue interest at the per annum interest rate that would apply to such Eurodollar Rate Loan under the Original Credit Agreement, and such interest shall be payable on the dates that such interest would be payable under the Original Credit Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the terms thereof and (b) on the last day of the Interest Period (solely for purposes of this paragraph, as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) with respect to each Eurodollar Rate Loan outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date, each such Eurodollar Rate Loan shall, at the election of the Borrower made in accordance with Sections 2.01(a) and 2.02 , be converted to a Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Base Rate Committed Loan. In the event that the Borrower fails to provide a Committed Loan Notice with 
 	 51 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

respect to the conversion of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan in accordance with Section 2.02(a) , such Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be converted to a Daily SOFR Loan at the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
 2.03	 Letters of Credit 
 . 
 (a)	 The Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i)	Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Restatement Effective Date until the Letter of Credit Issuance Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit issued by it; and (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility at such time, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Credit Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Subfacility. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued by the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant hereto, and from and after the Restatement Effective Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 (ii)	No L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit if, subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer have approved such expiry date; provided that in no event will any Letter of Credit have an expiry date that is later than the first anniversary of the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility subject to the requirements of Section 2.03(b)(vi) . 
 (iii)	No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
 (A)	any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request 
 	 52 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Restatement Effective Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Restatement Effective Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 
 (B)	the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
 (C)	except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 100,000; 
 (D)	the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; or 
 (E)	any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or 
 (F)	after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to such Letter of Credit, the L/C Obligations with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer would exceed such L/C Issuer s Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided that, subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.03(a)(i) , any L/C Issuer in its sole discretion may issue Letters of Credit in excess of its Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
 (iv)	No L/C Issuer shall amend or extend any Letter of Credit if such L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
 (v)	No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend or extend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 
 (vi)	Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the 
 	 53 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuers with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuers. 
 (b)	 Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto Extension Letters of Credit . 
 (i)	Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, by a single L/C Issuer selected by the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the applicable L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the applicable L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 
 (ii)	Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, such L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless an L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Credit Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject 
 	 54 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or applicable Subsidiary thereof or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from such L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii)	If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit ); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by an L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the first anniversary of the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility; provided , however , that no L/C Issuer shall permit any such extension if (A) such L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 (iv)	If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that permits the automatic reinstatement of all or a portion of the stated amount thereof after any drawing thereunder (each, an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit ). Unless otherwise directed by an L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer to permit such reinstatement. Once an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit has been issued, except as provided in the following sentence, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to reinstate all or a portion of the stated amount thereof in accordance with the provisions of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit permits an L/C Issuer to decline to reinstate all or any portion of the stated amount thereof after a drawing thereunder by giving notice of such non-reinstatement within a specified number of days after such drawing (the Non-Reinstatement Deadline ), such 
 	 55 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

L/C Issuer shall not permit such reinstatement if it has received a notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Reinstatement Deadline (A) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have elected not to permit such reinstatement or (B) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied (treating such reinstatement as an L/C Credit Extension for purposes of this clause) and, in each case, directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such reinstatement. 
 (v)	Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (vi)	If the expiry date of any Letter of Credit would occur after the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, the Borrower hereby agrees that it will at least thirty (30) days prior to such Maturity Date (or, in the case of a Letter of Credit issued or extended on or after thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, on the date of such issuance or extension, as applicable) Cash Collateralize such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to 101 of the L/C Obligations arising or expected to arise in connection with such Letter of Credit. 
 (c)	 Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 
 (i)	Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof (such notification provided by L/C Issuer to Borrower and Administrative Agent being referred to herein as an L/C Draw Notice ). If an L/C Draw Notice with respect to a Letter of Credit is received by the Borrower (x) on or prior to 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by an L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), then, not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Honor Date, the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent (whether through payment by the Borrower and/or through a Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Borrowing made in accordance with Section 2.03(c)(ii) or (iii) in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing or (y) after 11:00 a.m. on the Honor Date, then, not later than 11:00 a.m. on the first Business Day following the Honor Date, the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent (whether through payment by the Borrower and/or through a Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Borrowing made in accordance with Section 2.03(c)(ii) or (iii) in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing (such date on which the Borrower, pursuant to clauses (x) and (y) of this sentence, is required to reimburse an L/C Issuer for a drawing under a Letter of Credit is referred to herein as the L/C Reimbursement Date ); provided that if the L/C Reimbursement Date for a drawing under a Letter of Credit is the Business Day following the Honor Date pursuant to clause (y) of this sentence, the Unreimbursed Amount shall accrue interest from and including the Honor Date until such time as the applicable L/C Issuer is reimbursed in full therefor (whether through payment by the Borrower and/or through a Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Borrowing made in accordance with Section 2.03(c)(ii) or (iii) at a rate equal 
 	 56 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

to (A) for the period from and including the Honor Date to but excluding the first Business Day to occur thereafter, the rate of interest then applicable to a Base Rate Committed Loan and (B) thereafter, at the Default Rate applicable to a Base Rate Committed Loan. Interest accruing on the Unreimbursed Amount pursuant to the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence shall be payable by the Borrower upon demand to the Administrative Agent, solely for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for the full amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount in accordance with the preceding sentence on the applicable L/C Reimbursement Date, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender that a payment was made on the Letter of Credit, the Honor Date, the L/C Reimbursement Date (if different from the Honor Date), the Unreimbursed Amount thereof, and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the L/C Reimbursement Date or, if the L/C Reimbursement Date is the Honor Date, the Business Day following the L/C Reimbursement Date, in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice), and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of such failure to so reimburse upon the funding of such Revolving Credit Borrowing by the Revolving Credit Lenders and remittance thereof to the applicable L/C Issuer together with any interest payable on the Unreimbursed Amount in accordance with the proviso to the second sentence of this Section 2.03(c)(i) (which interest shall be included in the amount of such Revolving Credit Borrowing unless the inclusion of such interest would result in such Revolving Credit Borrowing failing to comply with the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01(a) ). Any notice given by an L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii)	Each Revolving Credit Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of an L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable L/C Issuer. 
 (iii)	With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and 
 	 57 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 
 (iv)	Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer. 
 (v)	Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse an L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L/C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse an L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi)	If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing to such L/C Issuer under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d)	 Repayment of Participations . 
 (i)	At any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect 
 	 58 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)	If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by an L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e)	 Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing and each Revolving Credit Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03(c) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
 (i)	any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 
 (ii)	the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the applicable L/C Issuer, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
 (iii)	any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 
 (iv)	waiver by the applicable L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any waiver by the applicable L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower or its Subsidiaries; 
 	 59 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(v)	honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 
 (vi)	any payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; 
 (vii)	any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 
 (viii)	any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries. 
 The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the applicable L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f)	 Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, no L/C Issuer shall have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuers, any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 2.03(e) ; provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against an L/C Issuer, and an L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which 
 	 60 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

the Borrower proves were caused by such L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, an L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and such L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. An L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 
 (g)	 Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by an L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP or UCP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and no L/C Issuer s rights or remedies against the Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the applicable L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (h)	 Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the expiry date of such Letter of Credit and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) while any Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(a)(i) or Section 8.01(f) exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate, and (ii) upon the request of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (i) ), all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 (i)	 Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer . The Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly 
 	 61 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth (10 th Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the expiry date of such Letter of Credit and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j)	 Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (k)	 Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of any of its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (l)	 L/C Issuer Reports to Administrative Agent . Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, provide the Administrative Agent with written reports from time to time, as follows: 
 (i)	reasonably prior to the time that such L/C Issuer issues, amends, renews, increases or extends a Letter of Credit, a written report that includes the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal, increase or extension and the stated amount and currency of the applicable Letters of Credit after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed); 
 (ii)	on each Business Day on which such L/C Issuer makes a payment pursuant to a Letter of Credit, a written report that includes the date and amount of such payment; 
 (iii)	on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse a payment made pursuant to a Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such L/C Issuer on such day, a written report that includes the date of such failure and the amount of such payment; 
 (iv)	on any other Business Day, a written report that includes such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer; and 
 	 62 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(v)	(x) on the last Business Day of each calendar month and (y) on each date that (1) an L/C Credit Extension occurs or (2) there is any expiration, cancellation and/or disbursement, in each case, with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, a written report that includes the information for every outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. 
 2.04	 [Intentionally Omitted] 
 . 
 2.05	 Prepayments 
 . 
 (a)	The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Repayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 2,500,000; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 500,000 or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment, the Facility and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of the relevant Facility. 
 (b)	[Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (c)	If for any reason the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans (including L/C Borrowings) and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than the L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. Each prepayment pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be applied, first , ratably to the outstanding L/C Borrowings until paid in full, second , ratably to the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans (without any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility) until paid in full, and third , to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in full. Upon a drawing under any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the L/C Issuers or the Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable. 
 	 63 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

2.06	 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 . 
 (a)	 Optional . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Credit Facility or the Letter of Credit Subfacility or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Facility or the Letter of Credit Subfacility; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be in an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Credit Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Facility or (B) the Letter of Credit Subfacility if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Subfacility. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility or the Letter of Credit Subfacility. Any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be applied to the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender according to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, and upon any resulting reduction of the Letter of Credit Subfacility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit of each L/C Issuer shall be reduced on a pro rata basis. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. Following any such termination or reduction, the Administrative Agent may in its discretion replace the existing Schedule 2.01 with an amended and restated schedule that reflects all such terminations and reductions. 
 (b)	 Mandatory . Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Credit Facility shall be reduced to zero automatically and permanently on the last day of the Availability Period. 
 2.07	Repayment of Loans 
 . 
 (a)	 Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (b)	 Incremental Term Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Incremental Term Loan Lenders with respect to any Incremental Term Loan Facility all or such specified portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Incremental Term Loans with respect thereto on such date or dates as shall be specified in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment. 
 2.08	 Interest 
 . 
 (a)	Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per 
 	 64 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; and (iii) each Daily SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility. 
 (b)	(i)	While any Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(a)(i) or Section 8.01(f) exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 (ii)	Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clause (b)(i) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 (iii)	Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c)	Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.09	 Fees 
 . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 and in Sections 2.14(b)(iii) and 2.15(c)(iii) : 
 (a)	 Unused Fee . At all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, (i) prior to the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date, an unused line fee (the Unused Fee equal to the Applicable Fee Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the sum of (x) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and (y) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 and (ii) at all times on and after the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date, a facility fee (the Facility Fee equal to the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if the Revolving Credit Facility has terminated, on the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings), regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . Accrued Unused Fees pursuant to clause (i) above and accrued Facility Fees pursuant to clause (ii) above shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Restatement Effective Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The Unused Fee and Facility Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the 
 	 65 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Applicable Fee Rate or the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate, as applicable, during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Fee Rate or the Ratings-Based Applicable Rate, as the case may be, separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Fee Rate or Ratings-Based Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 (b)	 Other Fees . The Borrower shall pay to BofA Securities and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.10	 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 
 . 
 (a)	All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which such Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which such Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 (b)	If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that (i) the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Total Asset Value would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, within three (3) Business Days after demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under any other provision of this Agreement, including without limitation, Section 2.03(c)(iii) , 2.03(h) or 2.08(b) or under Article VIII . The Borrower s obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Facilities and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 
 2.11	 Evidence of Debt 
 . 
 	 66 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(a)	The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b)	In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) above, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.12	 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 
 . 
 (a)	 General . Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 3.01 , all payments to be made by any Loan Party shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by any Loan Party hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) in respect of the relevant Facility of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Loan Party shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b)	(i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such 
 	 67 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans under the applicable Facility. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)	 Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. 
 With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount ): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error. 
 (c)	 Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing 
 	 68 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d)	 Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c) . 
 (e)	 Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 2.13	 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that: 
 (i)	if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
 (ii)	the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 , or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing 
 	 69 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 2.14	 Extension of Maturity Date in Respect of Revolving Credit Facility 
 . 
 (a)	 Request for Extension . The Borrower may, up to two (2) times with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, by written notice to the Administrative Agent (such notice, an Extension Notice not earlier than ninety (90) days and not later than thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect for the Revolving Credit Facility (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Revolving Credit Lenders extend the then Existing Maturity Date for an additional six (6) months from such Existing Maturity Date. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such Extension Notice to the Revolving Credit Lenders promptly following its receipt thereof. 
 (b)	 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Maturity Date Extension . As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of such extension of any Existing Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, each of the following requirements shall be satisfied (the first date on which such conditions precedent are satisfied, an Extension Effective Date ): 
 (i)	The Administrative Agent shall have received an Extension Notice within the period required under Section 2.14(a) above; 
 (ii)	On the date of such Extension Notice and both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such extension of the Existing Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (iii)	The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders based on their Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages as in effect on the Extension Effective Date, an extension fee in an amount equal to 0.075 (7.5 basis points) of the Revolving Credit Facility in effect on the Extension Effective Date, it being agreed that such fee shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason; 
 (iv)	The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Extension Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such extension or (y) certifying that, as of the Extension Effective Date, the resolutions delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date (which resolutions include approval for such extension) are and remain in full force and effect and have not been modified, rescinded or superseded since the date of adoption; 
 (v)	The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all 
 	 70 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

material respects on and as of the date of the Extension Notice and, both before and after giving effect to such extension, on and as of the Extension Effective Date, except (x) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date or for such earlier period, as applicable, (y) that any representation or warranty that is already by its terms qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date (but subject to the foregoing clause (x) after giving effect to such qualification and (z) that for purposes of this Section 2.14 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists; and 
 (vi)	upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Extension Effective Date, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, in each case at least five (5) days prior to such effectiveness date. 
 Any such extension of any Existing Maturity Date shall become effective on the Extension Effective Date with respect to such extension. 
 (c)	 Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 11.01 to the contrary. 
 2.15	Increase in Facilities 
 . 
 (a)	 Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, may from time to time, request an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Facilities to an amount not exceeding 600,000,000 in the aggregate after giving effect to such increase by requesting an increase in the Revolving Credit Facility (each such increase, an Incremental Revolving Increase and/or the addition of one or more new pari passu tranches of term loans (each, an Incremental Term Loan Facility ), and/or an increase in any then existing Incremental Term Loan Facility (each such increase, an Incremental Term Loan Increase each Incremental Revolving Increase, Incremental Term Loan Facility and Incremental Term Loan Increase are collectively referred to as Incremental Facilities ); provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, or such lesser amount agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (ii) except in the case of a newly established Incremental Term Loan Facility, all Incremental Revolving Increases and Incremental Term Loan Increases shall be on the same terms as the Facility being increased and all incremental commitments and loans provided as part of a newly established Incremental Term Loan Facility shall be on terms agreed to by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan Facility; provided , that if the terms of such Incremental Term Loan Facility (other than final maturity) are not the same as the terms of a then existing Incremental Term Loan Facility, the 
 	 71 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

operational, technical and administrative provisions of such new Incremental Term Loan Facility shall be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (b)	 Notice . Each written notice from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15(a) shall specify (i) whether it proposes an Incremental Revolving Increase, an Incremental Term Loan Facility or an Incremental Term Loan Increase, (ii) if it proposes an Incremental Term Loan Facility, the proposed terms thereof and (iii) if then known, the identity of each Lender and each Eligible Assignee that it proposes to approach to provide all or a portion of such Incremental Facility (subject in each case to any requisite consents required under Section 11.06 ); provided , however , that (x) no existing Lender shall be required to participate in any such Incremental Facility and the Borrower shall not be required to offer to any existing Lender the opportunity to participate in any such Incremental Facility and (y) any Eligible Assignee providing any portion of such Incremental Facility that is not an existing Lender shall become a Lender pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel (a New Lender Joinder Agreement ). At the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each applicable Lender approached to provide all or a portion of an Incremental Facility is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the applicable Lenders). Each Lender approached to provide all or a portion of an Incremental Facility shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to participate in the requested Incremental Facility. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to participate. 
 (c)	 Effective Date and Allocations . If Incremental Facilities are established pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the final allocation of each such Incremental Facility among the Lenders (including for this purpose any Eligible Assignees that provide a portion of such Incremental Facility) and such increase shall become effective on the first date all of the conditions precedent in Section 2.15(e) are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.01 (such date, an Increase Effective Date ). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 
 (d)	 Incremental Term Loans . Incremental Term Loan Facilities and Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to a supplement, an amendment or an amendment and restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Incremental Term Loan Lender (including any new Lender becoming a party to this Agreement as an Incremental Term Loan Lender) with respect to such Incremental Term Loan Facility and the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.01 , the Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effectuate the provisions of this Section 2.15 . Each Incremental Term Loan Facility and the related Incremental Term Loans will be on such terms (including as to amortization and maturity) as are agreed to by the Borrower and each Incremental Term Loan Lender in the applicable Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment with respect to such Incremental Term Loan Facility and, if the terms of such Incremental Term Loan Facility and the related Incremental Term Loans (other than final maturity) are not the same as any then existing 
 	 72 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Term Facility, such terms shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Incremental Term Loan Lender, but such Incremental Term Loans will not in any event have a maturity date earlier than the latest Maturity Date (including any extension option) of any then existing Facility. 
 (e)	 Conditions to Effectiveness of Incremental Facilities . As conditions precedent to each Incremental Facility becoming effective as of the applicable Increase Effective Date: 
 (i)	 no Default shall have occurred or be continuing and on or prior to the applicable Increase Effective Date; 
 (ii)	 the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of such Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) (1) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase or (2) certifying that, as of such Increase Effective Date, the resolutions delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the Restatement Effective Date (which resolutions include approval to increase the aggregate principal amount of the Facilities to an amount at least equal to the amount to which the Facilities are being increased pursuant to such Incremental Facility) are and remain in full force and effect and have not been modified, rescinded or superseded since the date of adoption, and (y) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Increase Effective Date, except (1) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date or for such earlier period, as applicable, (2) that any representation or warranty that is already by its terms qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date (but subject to the foregoing clause (1) after giving effect to such qualification and (3) that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists; 
 (iii)	 the Administrative Agent shall have received (x) a New Lender Joinder Agreement duly executed by the Borrower and each Eligible Assignee that is becoming a Lender in connection with such Incremental Facility, which New Lender Joinder Agreement shall be acknowledged and consented to in writing by the Administrative Agent, and in the case of an Incremental Revolving Increase, the L/C Issuers and (y) in the case of any Incremental Revolving Increase, written confirmation from each existing Lender, if any, participating in such increase of the amount by which its Revolving Credit Commitment will be increased, which confirmation has been acknowledged and consented to in writing by the L/C Issuers; 
 (iv)	 if requested by the Administrative Agent or any new Lender or Lender participating in the Incremental Facility, the Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent), addressed to Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to such 
 	 73 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

customary matters concerning the increase in the aggregate amount of the Facilities as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 
 (v)	 if requested by any new Lender, a Revolving Credit Note and/or an Incremental Term Note executed by the Borrower, payable to such Lender in the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment or Incremental Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be; 
 (vi)	 if requested by any existing Lender increasing any of its existing Commitments, a replacement Note executed by the Borrower, payable to such Lender in the amount of such Lender s applicable Commitment at the time of the applicable Increase Effective Date; 
 (vii)	 in the case of an Incremental Term Loan Increase or Incremental Term Loan Facility, the Administrative Agent shall have received a written notice setting forth the Type of Incremental Term Loans being requested not later than 11:00 a.m. (x) three (3) Business Days prior to the Increase Effective Date (if the Term Loans requested are Term SOFR Loans), and (y) on such Increase Effective Date (if the Incremental Term Loans requested are Base Rate Loans); 
 (viii)	 in the case of an Incremental Term Loan Increase or Incremental Term Loan Facility, all of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied with respect to the funding of such Incremental Term Loans; 
 (ix)	 the Borrower shall have paid any fees required to be paid (x) to the Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the benefit of the Lenders participating in the increase as are agreed mutually at the time, and (y) pursuant to the Fee Letter in connection therewith; 
 (x)	 upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the effectiveness of such Increase Effective Date, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, in each case at least five (5) days prior to such date; and 
 (xi)	 any Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and/or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 (f)	 Making of Incremental Term Loans . On any Increase Effective Date in respect of an Incremental Term Loan Facility, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable foregoing terms and 
 	 74 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

conditions and any terms and conditions set forth in the Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment pursuant to which such Incremental Term Loan Facility is established, each Lender participating in such Incremental Facility shall make an Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower in the amount required to be made pursuant to such Incremental Term Loan Facility Amendment. 
 (g)	 Settlement Procedures . On each Increase Effective Date, promptly following fulfillment of the conditions set forth in clause (e) of this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of the occurrence and amount of the Incremental Facility effected on such Increase Effective Date and, in the case of an Incremental Revolving Increase, the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of each Revolving Credit Lender as a result thereof, and in the case of an Incremental Term Loan Increase or Incremental Term Loan Facility, the allocated portion and applicable percentage of each Lender participating in such Incremental Term Loan Increase or Incremental Term Loan Facility and each such Lender participating in such Incremental Term Loan Increase or Incremental Term Loan Facility shall make the amount of its Incremental Term Loan available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 . In the event that an Incremental Revolving Increase results in any change to the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of any Revolving Credit Lender, then on the Increase Effective Date, as applicable, (i) the participation interests of the Revolving Credit Lenders in any outstanding Letters of Credit shall be automatically reallocated among the Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages after giving effect to such increase, (ii) any new Revolving Credit Lender, and any existing Revolving Credit Lender whose Revolving Credit Commitment has increased, shall pay to the Administrative Agent such amounts as are necessary to fund its new or increased share of all Revolving Credit Loans, (iii) the Administrative Agent will use the proceeds thereof to pay to all existing Revolving Credit Lenders whose Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage is decreasing such amounts as are necessary so that each Revolving Credit Lender s share of all Revolving Credit Loans, will be equal to its adjusted Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, and (iv) if the Increase Effective Date occurs on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable to any outstanding Revolving Credit Loan that is a Term SOFR Loan, then the Borrower shall pay any amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 on account of the payments made pursuant to clause (iii) of this sentence. 
 (h)	 Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 11.01 to the contrary. 
 2.16	 Cash Collateral 
 . 
 (a)	 Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) an L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Issuance Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding (unless such L/C Obligation is already secured by Cash Collateral in an amount at least equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount), (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(c) , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one (1) Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, 
 	 75 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (b)	 Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuers or the Lenders as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (c)	 Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.17 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied promptly to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d)	 Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however, that (x) Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 ), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuers may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 2.17	 Defaulting Lenders 
 . 
 	 76 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(a)	 Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 
 (i)	 Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders , Required Revolving Credit Lenders , Required Incremental Term Loan Lenders and Section 11.01 . 
 (ii)	 Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer hereunder; third , to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 ; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Revolving Credit Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 ; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, any L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or such L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post 
 	 77 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii)	 Certain Fees . 
 (A)	Such Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any Unused Fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be entitled to receive Facility Fees payable under Sections 2.09(a) for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Committed Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 (B)	Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 (C)	With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the L/C Issuers the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender (determined on a ratable basis), and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv)	 Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders that are Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to Section 11.20 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (v)	 Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or 
 	 78 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

remedy available to it hereunder or under Applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . 
 (b)	 Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and, with respect to any Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender and the L/C Issuers, agree in writing that a Lender shall no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c)	 New Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 3.01	Taxes 
 . 
 (a)	 Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . 
 (i)	Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Laws. If any Applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, as applicable) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 
 (ii)	If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, 
 	 79 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (iii)	If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any Applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b)	 Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c)	 Tax Indemnifications . (i) Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (ii)	Each Lender and L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes 
 	 80 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 
 (d)	 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as applicable, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be. 
 (e)	 Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 
 (i)	Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii)	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A)	any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form 
 	 81 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 (B)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
 (I)	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 (II)	executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 (III)	in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
 (IV)	to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G 4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C)	any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming 
 	 82 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (D)	if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (iii)	Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (f)	 Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by Applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by a Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to any Loan Party pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments 
 	 83 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other Person. 
 (g)	 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Facilities and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 3.02	 Illegality 
 . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund any Loan whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all SOFR Loans of such Lender or convert all SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund any Loan whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by 
 	 84 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all SOFR Loans of such Lender or convert all SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 3.03	Inability to Determine Rates; Replacement of Relevant Rates or Successor Rates 
 . 
 (a)	 Inability to Determine Rates . If in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan, a conversion to a SOFR Loan, or a continuation of a Term SOFR Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent determines that (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) , and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 
 	Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Daily SOFR Loans and/or Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a 
 	 85 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 
 	Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Committed Borrowing of, or conversion to Daily SOFR Loans, Committed Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods or determination date(s)), or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated and (ii) any outstanding SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately, in the case of a Daily SOFR Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan. 
 (b)	 Replacement of SOFR or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify(ies) the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 
 (i)	adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining SOFR and one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including because SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, as applicable, is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 
 (ii)	CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or Bloomberg or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR, or one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide SOFR or such interest periods of Term SOFR, as applicable, after such specific date (the latest date on which SOFR or one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ); 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR and/or Term SOFR, or any then current Successor Rate, in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in U.S. dollars for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in U.S. dollars for such benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of 
 	 86 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

doubt, any adjustment thereto, shall constitute a Successor Rate ). Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 	The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 	Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 	In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 3.04	Increased Costs 
 . 
 (a)	 Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e) or any L/C Issuer; 
 (ii)	subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
 (iii)	impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any 
 	 87 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b)	 Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c)	 Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d)	 Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e)	 Similar Treatment . Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender agrees that amounts claimed under this Section 3.04 shall be reasonably determined by such Lender (which determination shall be made in good faith (and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis) and consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 3.04 after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be 
 	 88 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

relevant); provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to disclose information of other borrowers. 
 3.05	 Compensation for Losses 
 . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a)	any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
 (b)	any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert into any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 
 (c)	any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13 ; 
 including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 3.06	 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 . 
 (a)	 Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay any Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then, at the request of the Borrower, such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 	 89 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(b)	 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13 . 
 3.07	 Survival 
 . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive the termination of the Facilities, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO Credit Extensions 
 4.01	 Conditions of Effectiveness 
 . The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 (a)	The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or e-mails (in a .pdf format) or telecopies (in each case, followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Restatement Effective Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Restatement Effective Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
 (i)	executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower; 
 (ii)	a Revolving Credit Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Revolving Credit Lender requesting a Revolving Credit Note; 
 (iii)	such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; 
 (iv)	such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in (A) its jurisdiction of organization and (B) each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 	 90 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(v)	a favorable opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, as to such customary matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 
 (vi)	a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 
 (vii)	a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) , (b) and (d) have been satisfied , (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since December 31, 2020, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (C) that no action, suit, investigation or proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority that (1) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (2) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (viii)	a Solvency Certificate from the Borrower certifying that, after giving effect to the transactions to occur on the Restatement Effective Date (including, without limitation, all Credit Extensions to occur on the Restatement Effective Date), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are Solvent; 
 (ix)	a duly completed Compliance Certificate, giving pro forma effect to the transactions to occur on or about the Restatement Effective Date (including, without limitation, all Credit Extensions to occur on the Restatement Effective Date) (such Compliance Certificate, the Pro Forma Restatement Effective Date Compliance Certificate ); 
 (x)	the financial statements referenced in Section 5.05(a) , (b) and (d) ; 
 (xi)	in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement, a prepayment notice with respect to the prepayment, in full, of all outstanding Existing Committed Loans; and 
 (xii)	such other certificates, documents or consents as the Administrative Agent reasonably may require. 
 (b)	Any fees required hereunder or under the Fee Letter to be paid on or before the Restatement Effective Date shall have been paid. 
 (c)	Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced (which invoice may be in summary form) prior 
 	 91 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

to or on the Restatement Effective Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
 (d)	The outstanding principal amount of all Existing Committed Loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and fees with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments and Existing Committed Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement as of (and immediately prior to giving effect to) the Restatement Effective Date, shall have been, or concurrently with the extensions of credit being made hereunder on the Restatement Effective Date will be, paid in full. 
 (e)	(i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least (10) days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (ii) at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement Effective Date, if any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Borrower shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Restatement Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4.02	 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 
 . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to another Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
 (a)	The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except (i) with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.18 , in which case they shall be true and correct in all respects, (ii) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date or for such earlier period, as applicable, (iii) that any representation or warranty that is already by its terms qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) after giving effect to such qualification and (iv) that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties 
 	 92 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b)	No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c)	The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, an L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (d)	The Minimum Lease Term Requirement shall be satisfied. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension submitted by the Borrower (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to another Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) , (b) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 5.01	 Existence, Qualification and Power 
 . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and consummate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (a) (solely with respect to any Person that is not a Loan Party) or clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.02	Authorization; No Contravention 
 . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation (other than the Loan Documents) to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law. 
 5.03	Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 
 	 93 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.04	Binding Effect 
 . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when executed and delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so executed and delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and except as the availability of certain remedies may be limited by general principles of equity. 
 5.05	Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 
 . 
 (a)	The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness that are required to be disclosed therein in accordance with GAAP. 
 (b)	The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated June 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, (ii) fairly present the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof that are required to be disclosed therein in accordance with GAAP, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 (c)	Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d)	The consolidated pro forma balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated pro forma statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the twelve month period recently ended on December 31, 2020, 
 	 94 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

in each case reflecting the initial extensions of credit hereunder and all transactions occurring on or about the Restatement Effective Date, certified by the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Borrower and copies of which have been furnished to each Lender, as being prepared in good faith to fairly present in all material respects the consolidated pro forma financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date and the consolidated pro forma results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the twelve month period ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP subject to the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing on the date thereof. 
 (e)	The consolidated forecasted balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing on the date of such forecasts, and represented, on the date of such forecasts, the Borrower s best estimate of its future financial condition and performance. 
 5.06	 Litigation 
 . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07	No Default 
 . Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 5.08	Ownership of Property 
 . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.09	Environmental Compliance 
 . Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither a Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any applicable Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Environmental Permit required under any applicable Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. The Borrower 
 	 95 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10	 Insurance 
 . All insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Section 6.07 has been obtained and is in effect. 
 5.11	Taxes 
 . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and has timely paid all federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which (i) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (ii) in the case of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is party to any tax sharing agreement. 
 5.12	ERISA Compliance 
 . 
 (a)	[Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (b)	There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c)	Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, either individually or in the aggregate, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) each Loan Party and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment 
 	 96 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. 
 (d)	The underlying assets of each member of the Consolidated Group do not constitute Plan Assets and no Loan Party will be using Plan Assets of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments. 
 5.13	 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties 
 . As of the Restatement Effective Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary thereof in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 . All of the outstanding Equity Interests in each Loan Party have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Set forth on Part (b) of Schedule 5.13 is a complete and accurate list of all Loan Parties as of the Restatement Effective Date, showing as of the Restatement Effective Date (as to each Loan Party) the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and the type of organization it is. 
 5.14	Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 
 . 
 (a)	Such Loan Party is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Committed Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be margin stock. 
 (b)	None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary of the Borrower is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15	 Disclosure 
 . As of the date hereof, no written information or written data (excluding any forecasts, projections, budgets, estimates and general market or industry data) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished or publicly disclosed by the Borrower) when provided and when taken as a whole with all other information or data provided, furnished or disclosed by the Borrower contains any material 
 	 97 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable on the date of such projections (it being understood and agreed that forecasts, estimates and projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts or guaranties of future performance, that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections may differ from the projected results and that such differences may be material and that the Borrower makes no representation that such representations, forecasts, estimates or projections will in fact be realized). 
 5.16	 Compliance with Laws 
 . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.17	 Taxpayer Identification Number 
 . Each Loan Party s true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number is set forth on Schedule 11.02 (or, in the case of a Subsidiary that becomes a Loan Party after the Restatement Effective Date, is or will be set forth in the information provided to the Administrative Agent with respect to such Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.12 ). 
 5.18	 OFAC; Sanctions 
 . 
 (a)	No Loan Party, no Subsidiary of any Loan Party nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any other Related Party of a Loan Party is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals or entities that are, (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority, (iii) located, organized or resident in any Designated Jurisdiction, or (iv) is or has been (within the previous five (5) years) engaged in any transaction with any Person who is now or was then the subject or target of any Sanctions or who is located, organized or resident in any Designated Jurisdiction. 
 (b)	No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Credit Extension, has been used, directly or indirectly, to lend, contribute, provide or has otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or otherwise) of Sanctions applicable to such entity. 
 	 98 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(c)	The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 
 5.19	 Solvency 
 . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis are Solvent. 
 5.20	 REIT Status; Stock Exchange Listing 
 . 
 (a)	The Borrower is organized and operated in a manner that allows it to qualify for REIT Status. 
 (b)	At least one class of common Equity Interests of the Borrower is listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. 
 5.21	 Unencumbered Eligible Properties 
 . Each property included in any calculation of Unencumbered Asset Value or Unencumbered NOI satisfied, at the time of such calculation, all of the requirements contained in the definition of Unencumbered Property Criteria . 
 5.22	 Casualty; Etc. 
 Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other casualty (whether or not covered by insurance), condemnation or eminent domain that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.23	 Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 . 
 (a)	The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and other applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 (b)	Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, any Related Party thereof (i) has violated or is in violation of any applicable anti-money laundering law or (ii) has engaged or engages in any transaction, investment, undertaking or activity that conceals the identity, source or destination of the proceeds from any category of offenses designated in any Applicable Law, regulation or other binding measure implementing the Forty Recommendations and Nine Special Recommendations published by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development s Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering. 
 	 99 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

5.24	 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 . Each Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than Excluded Subsidiaries and other Subsidiaries that are not yet required to become Subsidiaries pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.12 , is a Guarantor. 
 5.25	 Affected Financial Institution 
 . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.26	Covered Entity 
 . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 
 Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.16 ): 
 6.01	 Financial Statements 
 . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
 (a)	within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, ten (10) days after the same is filed with the SEC), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; the report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC shall satisfy the requirement of this clause (a) and shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders so long as the same is posted on the Borrower s website; and 
 (b)	within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, ten (10) days after the same is filed with the SEC) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, the related unaudited consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in 
 	 100 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

reasonable detail, certified by certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as fairly presenting the consolidated financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; the report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC shall satisfy the requirement of this clause (b) and shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders so long as the same is posted on the Borrower s website; and 
 (c)	on or prior to March 1 of each fiscal year (or, if earlier, fifteen (15) days after the same is approved by the board of directors of the Borrower), forecasts prepared by management of the Borrower, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower on a quarterly basis such fiscal year (including the fiscal year in which the then latest Maturity Date for any Facility occurs). 
 6.02	 Certificates; Other Information 
 . The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
 (a)	concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent, or a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes). Each Compliance Certificate shall be accompanied by (i) copies of the rent roll for the most recently ended fiscal quarter for each of the Unencumbered Eligible Properties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with a certification by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that the information contained in such rent roll is true, correct and complete in all material respects and (ii) reasonably detailed calculations, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of Unencumbered Asset Value as of the last day of the fiscal period covered by such Compliance Certificate. 
 (b)	promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or similar governing body) (or the audit committee of the board of directors or similar governing body) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them; 
 (c)	promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
 	 101 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(d)	promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material report furnished to any holder of material debt securities of any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any of the Note Documents or any other material indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement, and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section 6.02 ; 
 (e)	promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party; 
 (f)	 promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action or proceeding against or of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (g)	promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 
 (h)	promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business or corporate affairs or financial condition of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, so long as disclosure of such information would not result in a violation of, or expose the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to any material liability under, any Applicable Law, ordinance or regulation or any agreement with unaffiliated third parties that are binding on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or on any Property of any of them. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) , (c) or (e) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 	 102 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Each Loan Party hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, each Loan Party shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their respective securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC . 
 6.03	 Notices 
 . The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a)	promptly of the occurrence of any Default; 
 (b)	[intentionally omitted]; 
 (c)	promptly of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, in each case that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (d)	promptly of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (e)	promptly of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, including any determination by the Borrower referred to in Section 2.10(b) ; 
 	 103 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(f)	within five (5) Business Days of becoming aware of (i) any potential or known Release, or threat of Release, of any Hazardous Materials in violation of any applicable Environmental Law at any Property; (ii) any violation of any Environmental Law that any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries reports in writing or is reportable by such Person in writing (or for which any written report supplemental to any oral report is made) to any federal, state or local environmental agency or (iii) any inquiry, proceeding, investigation, or other action, including a notice from any agency of potential environmental liability, of any federal, state or local environmental agency or board, that involves any Property, in each case that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 (g)	promptly of any public announcement by any Rating Agency of any change in a Debt Rating; provided , that the provisions of this clause (g) shall only apply on and after the Investment Grade Pricing Effective Date. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(g) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower and the other Loan Parties have taken and propose to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04	 Payment of Obligations 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (i) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary or (ii) the failure to pay the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon an Unencumbered Eligible Property (other than a Permitted Property Encumbrance); and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness, to the extent that such failure to pay would be an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e) . 
 6.05	Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 except, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary, where the failure to preserve, renew and maintain such matters would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 	 104 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

6.06	Maintenance of Properties 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) require its tenants to (a) maintain, preserve and protect in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all of (x) its Unencumbered Properties except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (y) its other material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its tenants to comply with such requirements. 
 6.07	Maintenance of Insurance 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) maintain, or require and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its tenants and subtenants to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and its business loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and providing for not less than thirty (30) days prior notice to the Administrative Agent of termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance; provided that if any tenant or subtenant fails to maintain such insurance, or as of any date any such insurance maintained by a tenant or subtenant is no longer in effect, within thirty (30) days after a Responsible Officer becomes aware of such failure or such date, as applicable, the Borrower shall, or shall cause its applicable Subsidiary to, maintain such insurance. 
 6.08	Compliance with Laws 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.09	Books and Records 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 6.10	Inspection Rights 
 	 105 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of the other Loan Parties to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties (subject to the rights of tenants or subtenants in possession), to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower (at least 48 hours absent exigent circumstances); provided , however , (i) so long as no Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall each not be permitted to conduct in any calendar year more than one such visit, inspection, examination or discussion and (ii) when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 6.11	Use of Proceeds 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes, including refinancing existing Indebtedness, working capital, acquisitions, development and redevelopment of real property owned by one or more Subsidiaries of the Borrower and with respect to or in connection with Green Projects, in each case, not in contravention of any Law or of any of the Loan Documents. 
 6.12	Additional Guarantors 
 . 
 (a)	If any Person becomes a Subsidiary after the Restatement Effective Date: 
 (i)	Within thirty (30) days after such Person becomes a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and first acquires any assets (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing), the Borrower shall: 
 (A)	notify the Administrative Agent of the existence of such Subsidiary; and 
 (B)	(x) provide the Administrative Agent with the U.S. taxpayer identification number for such Subsidiary and (y) provide the Administrative Agent and each Lender with all documentation and other information concerning such Subsidiary that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and other customary requirements; and 
 (ii)	within sixty (60) days after such Person becomes a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) and first acquires any assets (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing), the Borrower shall cause such Person to: 
 	 106 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(A)	become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit F ; 
 (B)	deliver to the Administrative Agent the items referenced in Section 4.01(a)(iii) , (iv) and (vi) with respect to such Subsidiary; and 
 (C)	as and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent a favorable opinion of counsel, which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to such customary matters concerning such Subsidiary and the Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is a party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (b)	[Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (c)	The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent at the time that (x) any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor becomes obligated to become a Guarantor under any of the Note Documents or any other document, instrument or agreement evidencing or governing any other Unsecured Indebtedness or any Additional Note Agreement or (y) any Subsidiary no longer qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary, and shall: 
 (i)	provide, within thirty (30) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing) after the date such Person (1) ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary or (2) first acquires any assets, but in no event later than the date that is thirty (30) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing) prior to the date that such Person becomes a Guarantor under the applicable documents, the Administrative Agent with the U.S. taxpayer identification number for such Subsidiary and (2) provide the Administrative Agent and each Lender with all documentation and other information concerning such Subsidiary that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and other customary requirements; and 
 (ii)	cause, within sixty (60) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall agree in writing) after the date such Person (1) ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary or (2) first acquires any assets, but in no event later than the date that such Person becomes a Guarantor under the applicable documents, such Subsidiary to: 
 (A)	become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit F ; 
 (B)	deliver to the Administrative Agent the items referenced in Section 4.01(a)(iii) , (iv) and (vi) with respect to such Subsidiary; and 
 	 107 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(C)	as and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent a favorable opinion of counsel, which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to such matters concerning such Subsidiary and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (d)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that the results of any such know your customer or similar investigation conducted by the Administrative Agent with respect to any Subsidiary are not satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative Agent, such Subsidiary shall not be permitted to become a Guarantor, and for the avoidance of doubt no Property owned or ground leased (directly or indirectly) by such Subsidiary shall be included as an Unencumbered Eligible Property unless the Administrative Agent has consented thereto in writing; provided that, in such event, any failure of such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor shall not be a Default or Event of Default or otherwise be deemed a failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to comply with the terms, conditions and requirements hereof. 
 6.13	Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 
 (a)	comply with, require its tenants and subtenants to comply with, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants with, all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits applicable to any Property, except in such instances in which (i) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (ii) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (b)	obtain and renew or require that its tenants and subtenants obtain and renew, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and renew, all Environmental Permits necessary for the use and operation of any Property, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 (c)	conduct and complete, or require and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its tenants and subtenants conduct and complete, any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, response, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove, remediate and clean up all Hazardous Materials at, on, under or emanating from any Property as necessary to maintain compliance with the requirements of all applicable Environmental Laws except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that if a tenant or subtenant fails to comply with any such requirement, the Borrower shall be required to comply therewith except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); provided , however , that no Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 
 6.14	Further Assurances 
 	 108 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to, promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or manifest error that may be discovered in any Loan Document, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, and take any and all such further acts, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the intention of the Loan Documents. 
 6.15	Maintenance of REIT Status; Stock Exchange Listing 
 . At all times, the Borrower shall continue to (a) be organized and operated in a manner that will allow the Borrower to qualify for REIT Status and (b) remain publicly traded with securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. 
 6.16	Minimum Property Condition 
 . The Borrower shall comply, at all times, with the Minimum Property Condition. 
 6.17	Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 
 6.10	 . The Borrower shall conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 
 
 Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.16 ): 
 7.01	 Liens 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on (i) any Unencumbered Eligible Property other than Permitted Property Encumbrances, (ii) any Equity Interest of any Unencumbered Property Subsidiary other than Permitted Equity Encumbrances or (iii) any income from or proceeds of any of the foregoing; or sign, file or authorize under the Uniform Commercial Code of any jurisdiction a financing statement that includes in its collateral description any portion of any Unencumbered Eligible Property (unless such description relates to a Permitted Property Encumbrance), any Equity Interest of any Unencumbered Property Subsidiary (unless such description relates to a Permitted Equity Encumbrance) or any income from or proceeds of any of the foregoing. 
 7.02	 Investments 
 	 109 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, make any Investments, except: 
 (a)	Investments held by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; 
 (b)	Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors or lessees to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 
 (c)	Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.03 ; and/or 
 (d)	any other Investments (including through the creation, purchase or other acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (or other Person that following such creation, purchase or other acquisition would be a Subsidiary)) so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately before or immediately after giving effect to the making of such Investment and (ii) immediately after giving effect to the making of such Investment the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the provisions of Section 7.11 . 
 7.03	 Indebtedness 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, unless (a) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately before and after the incurrence of such Indebtedness and (b) immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the provisions of Section 7.11 . 
 7.04	 Fundamental Changes 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) all or substantially all of its assets or all of substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom and the Borrower is in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the provisions of Section 7.11(a) and (b) : 
 (a)	(i) any Person may merge into a Loan Party in a transaction in which such Loan Party is the surviving Person provided that the Borrower must be the survivor of any merger involving the Borrower), subject to the requirements of Section 6.12 , (ii) any Person (other than a Loan Party unless such Loan Party is the surviving Person of such merger) may merge with or into a Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party), (iii) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise Dispose of its assets to another Loan Party or another Subsidiary, subject to the requirements of Section 6.12 , which in the event of a consummation of a Division shall apply to all Division Successors (iv) any Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests 
 	 110 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

of the Borrower, and (iv) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or otherwise Dispose of Equity Interests of a Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party); 
 (b)	in connection with any acquisition permitted under Section 7.02 , any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided that the Person surviving such merger shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and shall comply with the requirements of Section 6.12 ; 
 (c)	any Subsidiary of the Borrower may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation, pursuant to a Division or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary, then the transferee must be an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary; and provided , further , that if any Subsidiary consummates a Division, the Borrower must comply with the obligations set forth in Section 6.12 with respect to each Division Successor; and 
 (d)	Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05(d) shall be permitted under this Section 7.04 . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to (i) merge, dissolve or liquidate or consolidate with or into any other Person unless after giving effect thereto the Borrower is the sole surviving Person of such transaction and no Change of Control results therefrom, (ii) consummate a Division or (iii) engage in any transaction pursuant to which it is reorganized or reincorporated in any jurisdiction other than a State of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. 
 7.05	 Dispositions 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, or, in the case of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, issue, sell or otherwise Dispose of any of such Subsidiary s Equity Interests to any Person, except: 
 (a)	Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; 
 (b)	Dispositions of property by any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that if the transferor is an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary, the transferee thereof must be an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary; 
 (c)	Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04(a) , (b) or (c) ; and 
 (d)	(i) the Disposition of any Property and (ii) the sale or other Disposition of all, but not less than all, of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary; provided that no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; provided further that if (x) such Property is an Unencumbered Eligible Property or (y) such Subsidiary is an Unencumbered Property Subsidiary, then at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date of such Disposition, the Administrative Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate certifying that at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Disposition (1) the Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, 
 	 111 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

with the provisions of Section 7.11(a) and (b) and (2) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result under any other provision of this Agreement from such Disposition. 
 7.06	 Restricted Payments 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that the following shall be permitted: 
 (a)	the Borrower and each Subsidiary thereof may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person; 
 (b)	the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in cash in an aggregate amount in any fiscal year, in each case, not to exceed the greater of (i) 95 of Funds From Operations for such fiscal year and (ii) the amount of Restricted Payments required to be paid or distributed by the Borrower in order for it to (x) maintain its REIT Status and (y) avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax; provided , that no Restricted Payments in cash will be permitted during the existence of an Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(a) , following acceleration of any of the Obligations or during the existence of an Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(f) or (g)(i) ; and 
 (c)	each Subsidiary of the Borrower may make Restricted Payments pro rata to the holders of its Equity Interests. 
 7.07	 Change in Nature of Business 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, engage, directly or indirectly, in any line of business other than the Permitted Businesses. 
 7.08	Transactions with Affiliates 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (i) transactions between or among the Loan Parties, (ii) transactions between or among Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries and (iii) Investments and Restricted Payments expressly permitted hereunder. 
 7.09	Burdensome Agreements 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into any Contractual Obligation (other than any Loan Document or any Permitted Pari Passu Provision) that limits the ability of (i) any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Guarantor (except for any restrictions on an Excluded Subsidiary provided in favor of any holder of Secured Indebtedness that is owed to a non-Affiliate of the Borrower and that is permitted under Section 7.03 ), (ii) any Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to transfer property to the 
 	 112 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Borrower or any Guarantor, (iii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to Guarantee any Obligations or (iv) any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person to secure any Obligations; provided , that clauses (i) , (ii) and (iv) of this Section 7.09 shall not prohibit any (A) negative pledges incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Secured Indebtedness that is owed to a non-Affiliate of the Borrower and that is permitted under Section 7.03 provided that such limitation on negative pledges shall only be effective against the assets or property securing such Indebtedness), (B) negative pledges contained in any agreement in connection with a Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 provided that such limitation shall only be effective against the assets or property that are the subject of Disposition), and (C) limitations on Restricted Payments or negative pledges by reason of customary provisions in joint venture agreements or other similar agreements applicable to Subsidiaries that are not Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries. 
 7.10	Use of Proceeds 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose in any manner that might cause any Credit Extension to have been made in contravention or violation of the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. 
 7.11	Financial Covenants 
 . The Borrower shall not: 
 (a)	 Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio . Permit Consolidated Total Indebtedness at any time to exceed 60 of Total Asset Value; provided that such maximum ratio may exceed 60 during, or as of the end of, any fiscal quarter in which a Material Acquisition occurs and the consecutive two (2) fiscal quarters immediately thereafter, but in no event shall such ratio exceed 65 at any time or exceed 60 for more than three (3) consecutive fiscal quarters in any consecutive four (4) fiscal quarter period. 
 (b)	 Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to be less than 1.50:1.00. 
 (c)	 Minimum Tangible Net Worth . Permit Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at any time to be less than the sum of (i) 664,751,000 plus (ii) an amount equal to 75 of the net proceeds received by the Borrower from issuances and sales of Equity Interests of the Borrower occurring after June 30, 2021 (other than proceeds received within ninety (90) days before or after the redemption, retirement or repurchase of Equity Interests in the Borrower up to the amount paid by the Borrower in connection with such redemption, retirement or repurchase, in each case where, for the avoidance of doubt, the net effect is that the Borrower shall not have increased its net worth as a result of any such proceeds). 
 (d)	 [Intentionally Omitted] . 
 	 113 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(e)	 Maximum Secured Indebtedness . Permit Consolidated Secured Indebtedness at any time to exceed 30 of Total Asset Value. 
 (f)	 Maximum Unsecured Leverage Ratio . Permit Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness at any time to exceed 60 of Unencumbered Asset Value; provided that such maximum ratio may exceed 60 during, or as of the end of, any fiscal quarter in which a Material Acquisition occurs and the consecutive two (2) fiscal quarters immediately thereafter, but in no event shall such ratio exceed 65 at any time or exceed 60 for more than three (3) consecutive fiscal quarters in any consecutive four (4) fiscal quarter period. 
 (g)	 Minimum Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to be less than 1.75:1.00. 
 7.12	 Accounting Changes 
 . The Borrower shall not make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP, or (b) fiscal year. 
 7.13	Amendments of Organization Documents and Certain Debt Documents 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Loan Party to: 
 (a)	modify, amend, amend and restate or supplement the terms of any Organization Document of any Loan Party, without, in each case, the express prior written consent or approval of the Administrative Agent, if such changes would adversely affect in any material respect the rights of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers or the Lenders hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents; provided that if such prior consent or approval is not required, the Borrower shall nonetheless notify the Administrative Agent in writing promptly after any such modification, amendment, amendment and restatement, or supplement to the Organization Documents of any Loan Party; 
 (b)	directly or indirectly, enter into, incur, consent to, approve, authorize or otherwise suffer or permit to exist any agreement with respect to, or any amendment, amendment and restatement, supplement or other modification of, any of the Note Documents or any documents relating to any other Unsecured Debt Facility of any member of the Consolidated Group (each a Debt Facility Amendment ), that (i) contains, or would directly or indirectly have the effect of adding, any financial covenant (whether set forth as a covenant, undertaking, event of default, restriction, prepayment event or other such provision) that is more restrictive or burdensome as against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries than those contained in this Agreement or would directly or indirectly have the effect of making any of the existing financial covenants included therein more restrictive or burdensome as against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries than those contained in this Agreement or (ii) contains, or would directly or indirectly have the effect of adding, any new provision regarding eligibility requirements for pool properties (whether set forth as a covenant, undertaking, event of default, restriction, prepayment event or other such provision) that is more restrictive or burdensome as against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries than those contained in this Agreement or would directly or indirectly have the effect of making any of the existing provisions regarding eligibility requirements for pool properties more restrictive or 
 	 114 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

burdensome as against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries than those contained in this Agreement, in each case, unless (A) the Administrative Agent has consented thereto in writing or (B) the Loan Documents have been, or concurrently therewith are, modified in a manner reasonably deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent to reflect such Debt Facility Amendment (including, without limitation, in the case of any Debt Facility Amendment that has the effect of modifying any financial covenant, reflecting any applicable cushions (if any) that exist between the covenant levels in the Loan Documents, on the one hand, and the Note Documents and/or the documents relating to an Unsecured Debt Facility, on the other hand (determined on a percentage basis based on the then applicable covenant levels under the Loan Documents and, as applicable, the Note Documents or the documents relating to such Unsecured Debt Facility immediately prior to such Debt Facility Amendment); 
 (c)	directly or indirectly, enter into, incur, consent to, approve, authorize or otherwise suffer or permit to exist any Debt Facility Amendment that would directly or indirectly have the effect of granting a Lien to secure any Indebtedness or other obligations arising under any Note Document or any Unsecured Debt Facility unless the Obligations are concurrently secured equally and ratably with the Note Documents or such Unsecured Debt Facility pursuant to documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in substance and in form, including, without limitation, an intercreditor agreement and opinions of counsel from counsel to the Loan Parties that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 
 (d)	directly or indirectly, consent to, approve, authorize or otherwise suffer or permit any Debt Facility Amendment that would directly or indirectly have the effect of shortening the maturity of any Indebtedness arising under any of the Note Documents or any Unsecured Debt Facility, or accelerating or adding any requirement for amortization thereof. 
 7.14	Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Sanctions 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, 
 (a)	directly or indirectly, engage in any transaction, investment, undertaking or activity that conceals the identity, source or destination of the proceeds from any category of prohibited offenses designated in any law, regulation or other binding measure by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development s Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (solely to the extent such Organisation has jurisdiction over the Borrower or any Subsidiary and such law, regulation or other measure is applicable to, and binding on, the Borrower or any Subsidiary) or violate these laws or any other applicable anti-money laundering law or engage in these actions; or 
 (b)	directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity that is present in a Designated Jurisdiction or that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or otherwise) of Sanctions applicable to such entity if conducted by such entity incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state, as applicable. 
 	 115 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

7.15	Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, do, or permit any other Person to do, any of the following: (a) use any of the Real Estate or any portion thereof as a facility for the handling, processing, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials except for quantities of Hazardous Materials used in the ordinary course of business and in material compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, (b) cause or permit to be located on any of the Real Estate any underground tank or other underground storage receptacle for Hazardous Materials except in compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws, (c) generate any Hazardous Materials on any Property except in compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws, (d) conduct any activity at any Property in any manner that could reasonably be contemplated to cause a Release of Hazardous Materials on, upon or into the Property or any surrounding properties or any threatened Release of Hazardous Materials which might give rise to liability under CERCLA or any other Environmental Law, or (e) directly or indirectly transport or arrange for the transport of any Hazardous Materials except in compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws, except in each case (as to any of the foregoing clauses (a) , (b) , (c) , (d) and (e) where any such use, location of underground storage tank or storage receptacle, generation, conduct or other activity has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.16	 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
 Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01	Events of Default 
 . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default (each, an Event of Default ): 
 (a)	 Non-Payment . Any Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation (whether upon demand at maturity, by reason of acceleration or otherwise) or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L/C Obligations, or (ii) within three (3) days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within three (3) days after written notice from the Administrative Agent that the same was not paid when due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
 (b)	 Specific Covenants . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.03 , 6.05 , 6.07 , 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.12 , 6.15 or 6.16 or Article VII (other than Section 7.15 or Article X ; or 
 (c)	 Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) the 
 	 116 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

date upon which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such failure or (y) the date upon which the Borrower has received written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent; or 
 (d)	 Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or any representation or warranty that is already by its terms qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be incorrect or misleading in any respect after giving effect to such qualification when made or deemed made; or 
 (e)	 Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Recourse Indebtedness or Guarantee of Recourse Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), individually or in the aggregate with all other Recourse Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Recourse Indebtedness or Guarantee of Recourse Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), individually or in the aggregate with all other Recourse Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of more than the Threshold Amount or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded (but, in any event, as to both the foregoing clauses (i)(A) and/or (i)(B) , only if the applicable failure, default or event continues to exist after the passage of any applicable grace or cure period provided with respect thereto); (ii) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Non-Recourse Indebtedness or Guarantee of Non-Recourse Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), individually or in the aggregate with all other Non-Recourse Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Non-Recourse Indebtedness or Guarantee of Non-Recourse Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), individually or in the aggregate with all other Non-Recourse Indebtedness as to which such a failure exists, of more than the Threshold Amount or contained in any instrument 
 	 117 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded (but, in any event, as to both the foregoing clauses (ii)(A) and/or (ii)(B) , only if the applicable failure, default or event continues to exist after the passage of any applicable grace or cure period provided with respect thereto); or (iii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the aggregate Swap Termination Values owed by the Borrower and all such Subsidiaries as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or 
 (f)	 Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (g)	 Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within thirty (30) days after its issue or levy; or 
 (h)	 Judgments . There is entered against The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 30,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
 (i)	 ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under 
 	 118 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 (j)	 Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or (ii) any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or (iii) any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document, in the case of clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) , in any material respect; or 
 (k)	 Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control; or 
 (l)	 REIT Status . The Borrower shall, for any reason, fail to maintain its REIT Status, after taking into account any cure provisions set forth in the Code that are complied with by the Borrower. 
 8.02	 Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
 (a)	declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 
 (b)	declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties; 
 (c)	require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and 
 (d)	exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents and Applicable Laws; 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Loan Party under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 	 119 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

8.03	 Application of Funds 
 . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.17 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees, Unused Fees or Facility Fees, as the case may be, and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; 
 Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16 ; and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired or cancelled, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 9.01	 Appointment and Authority 
 	 120 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. Each of the Lenders and each of the L/C Issuers hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Except as expressly set forth in Sections 9.06(a) and (b) , the provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of, or have any obligations under, any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 9.02	Rights as a Lender 
 . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 9.03	Exculpatory Provisions 
 . The Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent or the Syndication Agents, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent or the Syndication Agents, as applicable: 
 (a)	shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (b)	shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 
 	 121 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(c)	shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent or any Syndication Agent or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein; 
 (d)	shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and 
 (e)	shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 9.04	 Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05	Delegation of Duties 
 	 122 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06	Resignation of Administrative Agent 
 . 
 (a)	The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (which consent of the Borrower shall not be required during the existence of an Event of Default, shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and shall be deemed given if the Borrower fails to respond within ten (10) Business Days), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (b)	If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower (which consent of the Borrower shall not be required during the existence of an Event of Default, shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and shall be deemed given if the Borrower fails to respond within ten (10) Business Days), appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (c)	With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed 
 	 123 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 (d)	Any resignation by, or removal of, Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it that are outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor to Bank of America as L/C Issuer hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents as L/C Issuer in substitution for the Letters of Credit issued by Bank of America, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 9.07	 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent, the Syndication Agents and the Other Lenders 
 . Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger or the Documentation Agent or any Syndication Agent has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent or any Syndication Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, 
 	 124 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent or any Syndication Agent to any Lender or any L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent or any Syndication Agent have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent and the Syndication Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent, any Syndication Agent any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Documentation Agent, any Syndication Agent any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 9.08	No Other Duties, Etc. 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Arrangers, the Documentation Agent or the Syndication Agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder. 
 9.09	Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by 
 	 125 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Loan Party) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a)	to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i) and (j) , 2.09 and 11.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b)	to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 11.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 9.10	 Guaranty Matters 
 . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . The Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10 . 
 9.11	Lender Representations Regarding ERISA 
 . 
 	 126 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments; 
 the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 
 such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Loan Party, that: 
 	 127 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

none of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto); 
 the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E); 
 the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations); 
 the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder; and 
 no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction 
 	 128 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 9.12	Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 
 	Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 Article X. CONTINUING GUARANTY 
 10.01	Guaranty 
 . Each Guarantor, jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, hereby absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, and whether arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof) (for each Guarantor, subject to the proviso in this sentence, its Guaranteed Obligations ); provided , that the liability of each Guarantor individually with respect to this Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount (taking into account any amounts payable to such Guarantor under Section 10.10 that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law. The Administrative Agent s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Guarantors, and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, absent demonstrable error. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Guaranteed Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under 
 	 129 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

this Guaranty, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing. 
 10.02	 Rights of Lenders 
 . Each Guarantor consents and agrees that any Creditor Party may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, without the consent of such Guarantor, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) with the written agreement of the Borrower, amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, sell, or otherwise dispose of, or impair or fail to perfect any Lien on, any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Guaranteed Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute any other Guarantor or one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of the Guarantors under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of one or more of the Guarantors. 
 10.03	Certain Waivers 
 . Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Creditor Party) of the liability of the Borrower (other than the defense of prior payment and performance in full of the Guaranteed Obligations); (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantor s liability hereunder; (d) any requirement to proceed against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Creditor Party whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Creditor Party; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses (other than the defense of prior payment and performance in full of the Guaranteed Obligations) or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by Applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and non-compulsory counterclaims provided , that the foregoing waiver shall not be deemed a waiver of such Guarantor s right to assert any claim that would constitute a setoff or counterclaim against any Person in any separate action or proceeding) and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations. 
 10.04	Obligations Independent 
 	 130 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, and a separate action may be brought against any Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other Person is joined as a party. For the avoidance of doubt, all obligations of each Guarantor under this Guaranty are joint and several obligations of all the Guarantors. 
 10.05	Subrogation 
 . No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Facilities are terminated, and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled, have expired or terminated or have been collateralized as provided herein or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust by such Guarantor for the benefit of the Creditor Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Creditor Parties to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
 10.06	Termination 
 . This Guaranty is a continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable guaranty of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are paid in full in immediately available funds and the Facilities are terminated and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled, have expired or terminated or have been collateralized as provided herein or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the Creditor Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Creditor Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Creditor Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of the Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty. 
 10.07	Subordination 
 . Each Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to such Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of the Borrower to such Guarantor as subrogee of the Creditor Parties or resulting from such Guarantor s performance under this Guaranty, to the payment in full in immediately available funds of all Guaranteed Obligations. If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing subordination, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of 
 	 131 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

the Creditor Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Creditor Parties to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 
 10.08	Stay of Acceleration 
 . If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors immediately upon demand by the Creditor Parties. 
 10.09	Condition of the Loan Parties 
 . Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Loan Parties and any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Loan Parties and any such other guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Creditor Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Creditor Parties at any time, to disclose to such Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of any Loan Party or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations (such Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Creditor Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 
 10.10	Contribution 
 . At any time a payment in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is made under this Guaranty, the right of contribution of each Guarantor against each other Guarantor shall be determined as provided in the immediately following sentence, with the right of contribution of each Guarantor to be revised and restated as of each date on which a payment (a Relevant Payment is made on the Guaranteed Obligations under this Guaranty. At any time that a Relevant Payment is made by a Guarantor that results in the aggregate payments made by such Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment exceeding such Guarantor s Contribution Percentage (as defined below) of the aggregate payments made by all Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment (such excess, the Aggregate Excess Amount ), each such Guarantor shall have a right of contribution against each other Guarantor who either has not made any payments or has made payments in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment in an aggregate amount less than such other Guarantor s Contribution Percentage of the aggregate payments made to and including the date of the Relevant Payment by all Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations (the aggregate amount of such deficit, the Aggregate Deficit Amount in an amount equal to (x) a fraction the numerator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of such Guarantor and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of all Guarantors multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Deficit Amount of such other Guarantor. A Guarantor s right of contribution pursuant to the preceding sentences shall arise at the time of each computation, subject to adjustment at the time of each computation; provided , that no Guarantor may take any action to enforce such right until after all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are paid in full in immediately available funds and the Facilities are terminated and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled, have expired or terminated 
 	 132 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

or have been collateralized as provided herein or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers, it being expressly recognized and agreed by all parties hereto that any Guarantor s right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 10.10 against any other Guarantor shall be expressly junior and subordinate to such other Guarantor s obligations and liabilities in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and any other obligations owing under this Guaranty. As used in this Section 10.10 , (i) each Guarantor s Contribution Percentage shall mean the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Adjusted Net Worth (as defined below) of such Guarantor by (y) the aggregate Adjusted Net Worth of all Guarantors; (ii) the Adjusted Net Worth of each Guarantor shall mean the greater of (x) the Net Worth (as defined below) of such Guarantor and (y) zero; and (iii) the Net Worth of each Guarantor shall mean the amount by which the fair saleable value of such Guarantor s assets on the date of any Relevant Payment exceeds its existing debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities, but without giving effect to any Guaranteed Obligations arising under this Guaranty) on such date. All parties hereto recognize and agree that, except for any right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 10.10 , each Guarantor who makes any payment in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have no right of contribution or subrogation against any other Guarantor in respect of such payment until after all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are paid in full in immediately available funds and the Facilities are terminated and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled, have expired or terminated or have been collateralized as provided herein or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. Each of the Guarantors recognizes and acknowledges that the rights to contribution arising hereunder shall constitute an asset in favor of the party entitled to such contribution. 
 Article XI. MISCELLANEOUS 
 11.01	 Amendments, Etc . 
 Subject to Section 2.02(g) , Section 3.03 and the last paragraph of this Section 11.01 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that 
 (a)	the written consent of each Lender shall be required to the extent such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (i)	in the case of the initial Credit Extension, waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 ; 
 (ii)	change any provision of Section 2.13 , Section 8.03 or any of the other terms or provisions in any Loan Document requiring pro rata sharing (including, without limitation, the adoption or amendment of any provision in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required under the Loan Documents); provided that with the consent of the Required Lenders, such terms and provisions may be amended on customary terms in 
 	 133 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

connection with an amend and extend transaction, but only if all Lenders that consent to such amend and extend transaction are treated on a pro rata basis; provided further modifications to such terms and provisions that are made in connection with the establishment of any Incremental Term Loan Facility shall require approval only of the Administrative Agent and such Incremental Term Loan Lenders as are providing Incremental Term Loan Commitments for such Incremental Term Loan Facility so long as such payments are based on each Lender s pro rata share of all commitments and/or outstandings, as appropriate, under the tranches in which it participates in such Incremental Term Loan Facility; 
 (iii)	change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder; 
 (iv)	subordinate or have the effect of subordinating all or any portion of the Obligations to any other Indebtedness or obligation; 
 (v)	release the Borrower from its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty; 
 (b)	no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (i)	extend (except as provided in Section 2.14 or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 
 (ii)	(A) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or (B) extend the scheduled maturities or times for payment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (x) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or (y) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; provided further that only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to amend or waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate; 
 (iii)	without limiting the generality of clause (a)(i) above, waive any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under a particular Facility without the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Incremental Term Lenders, as the case may be; 
 (iv)	postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of 
 	 134 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

them) hereunder or under such other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such payment; and 
 (v)	only the written consent of each Lender under the applicable Facility shall be required to the extent such amendment, waiver or consent shall change the definition of Required Revolving Credit Lenders or Required Incremental Term Loan Lenders 
 and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) [intentionally omitted]; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, (x) affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (y) modify, change, waive or consent to any departure from, or have the effect of modifying, changing, waiving or consenting to any departure from, Section 3.03 , any term defined in such section, any term defined in any other section or provision in this Agreement relating to Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, Term SOFR or any Successor Rate, or any term or provision relating to the replacement of any such rate or Successor Rate; and (iv) for the avoidance of doubt, the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto . 
 (c)	Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, 
 (i)	no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) any Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender, (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (z) the outstanding principal balance of any Loan held by any Defaulting Lender may not be reduced without the consent of such Lender; and 
 (ii)	the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, with the consent of the other (but without the consent of any Lender or other Loan Party), amend, modify or supplement this Agreement and any other Loan Document: 
 (A)	to cure any ambiguity, omission, typographical error, mistake, defect or inconsistency if such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or 
 (B)	to add a Guarantor pursuant to in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
 (iii)	this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (A) to add one or more Incremental Facilities to 
 	 135 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

this Agreement subject to the limitations in Section 2.15 and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing Loans and Commitments hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing Loans and Commitments hereunder, and (B) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders providing such Incremental Facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder; 
 (iv)	for the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement; and 
 (v)	if the financial covenants and related definitions contained in any Note Document that correspond to the financial covenants and related definitions set forth on Schedule 11.01(c) (each such financial covenant and definition referred to as an Amended Financial Covenant Provision are not amended by December 27, 2021 such that such corresponding financial covenants and related definitions set forth in such Note Document are no more restrictive than the Amended Financial Covenant Provisions contained in this Agreement, each such Amended Financial Covenant Provision shall automatically be amended to revert to (or, in the case of the Maximum Secured Recourse Indebtedness financial covenant, restore) such Amended Financial Covenant Provision as in effect immediately prior to the Restatement Effective Date, in each case as set forth opposite such Amended Financial Covenant Provision on Schedule 11.01(c) hereto. 
 11.02	 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 
 . 
 (a)	 Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i)	if to a Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 ; and 
 (ii)	if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as 
 	 136 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Loan Parties). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . 
 (b)	 Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer or a Loan Party may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c)	 The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in 
 	 137 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party. In addition, in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 (d)	 Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their respective securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (e)	 Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Committed Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 11.03	 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 
 . No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and 
 	 138 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 11.04	 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 . 
 (a)	 Costs and Expenses . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally pay, or cause to be paid, (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, including the allocated costs of internal counsel), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b)	 Indemnification . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each 
 	 139 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, without duplication of any amounts reimbursed pursuant to Section 11.04(a) , any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or emanating from any property owned, leased or operated by the any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party or any of such Loan Party s directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE ; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or any Affiliate Controlled by or under common Control with such Indemnitee), (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee or its Affiliate for a material breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s or its Affiliates obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from a claim not involving an act or omission of the Borrower and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than against any Arranger or the Administrative Agent in their capacities as such). Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 11.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 If indemnification is sought pursuant to this Section 11.04(b) by an Indemnitee, then such Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Borrower of the commencement of any proceeding; provided, however, that the failure to so notify the Borrower shall not relieve the Borrower from any liability that it may have to such Indemnitee except to the extent that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is materially prejudiced thereby. If (i) the Borrower is required to indemnify an Indemnitee in connection with any proceeding 
 	 140 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

pursuant to the foregoing and (ii) the Borrower has provided evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee that the Borrower has the financial wherewithal to reimburse such Indemnitee for any amount paid by such Indemnitee with respect to such proceeding, such Indemnitee shall not settle or compromise any such proceeding without the prior written consent of Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
 (c)	 Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by them to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, the L/C Issuers or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Arrangers, the L/C Issuers or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s ratable share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), any Arranger or any L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), or any L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (d)	 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Loan Party, nor any Subsidiary thereof, shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereb y other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 	To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Indemnitee shall assert, and the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby waives, and acknowledges that none of its Related Parties shall have, any claim against any Loan Party, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages, including direct or actual damages resulting from any claims for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages made against such Indemnitee) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any 
 	 141 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e)	 Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor. 
 (f)	 Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and any L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Facilities and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 11.05	 Payments Set Aside 
 . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Loan Party is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer and so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 11.06	Successors and Assigns 
 . 
 (a)	 Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted such assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative 
 	 142 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 11.06(b) , participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that (in each case with respect to any Facility) any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
 (i)	 Minimum Amounts . 
 (A)	in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment under any Facility and/or the Loans at the time owing to it under any Facility or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such Assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
 (B)	in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, (x) the aggregate amount of the Commitments (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the applicable Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 in the aggregate and (y) in the case of a partial assignment by a Lender of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, after giving effect to any such assignment, the assigning Lender s Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender with respect to each Facility shall not be less than 5,000,000, in each case under clauses (x) and (y) , unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii)	 Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis; 
 (iii)	 Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
 (A)	the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred 
 	 143 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; provided further that in the case of an assignment by a Lender to an Affiliate thereof, such Lender shall not be released from its obligations with respect to such assigned interest unless (x) such Affiliate is a Qualified Affiliate or (y) such Affiliate has been approved by the Borrower, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
 (B)	the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if an assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender in respect of the applicable Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, provided that in the case of an assignment by a Lender to an Affiliate thereof, such Lender shall not be released from its obligations with respect to such assigned interest unless (x) such Affiliate is a Qualified Affiliate or (y) such Affiliate has been approved by the Administrative Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
 (C)	the consent of the L/C Issuers shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (iv)	 Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, and shall pay or cause to be paid to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment, and such fee shall be waived in the event of an assignment by a Lender to its Affiliate. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v)	 No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to any Loan Party or any Loan Party s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or (C) to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person). 
 (vi)	 Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder , no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not 
 	 144 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

funded by such Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to (i) the assignee Lender and/or (ii) in the case of a partial assignment by a Lender of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, the assigning Lender and the Notes, if any, held by such assigning Lender at the time of such partial assignment shall be deemed to be cancelled. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06(d) . 
 (c)	 Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Loan Party and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d)	 Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person 
 	 145 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

(other than a natural person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 11.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b) ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 11.13 as if it were an assignee under Section 11.06(b) and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 , 3.04 or 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such section), with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any 
 	 146 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e)	 Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign, or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment or grant shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f)	 Resignation as L/C Issuer after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time a Lender that is an L/C Issuer assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section 11.06(b) above, such Lender may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided , however , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of such Lender as an L/C Issuer. If any Lender resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it that are outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning L/C Issuer and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit issued by the resigning L/C Issuer, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the resigning L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the resigning L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 11.07	 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 
 . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, 
 	 147 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or another Loan Party or (z) is independently discovered or developed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or violating the terms of this Section 11.07 . In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the terms of this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Facilities. 
 	For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning a Loan Party or a Subsidiary thereof, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 11.08	 Right of Setoff 
 . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Banking Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Banking Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer or their respective Banking Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Banking Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Banking Affiliate of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the 
 	 148 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

branch, office or Banking Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L/C Issuer and their respective Banking Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Banking Affiliates may have. Each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 11.09	Interest Rate Limitation 
 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 11.10	Effectiveness 
 . Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. 
 11.11	Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 . Liability for the inaccuracy of any of the representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 	 149 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

11.12	Severability 
 . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 11.13	Replacement of Lenders 
 . If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 
 (a)	the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.06(b) ; 
 (b)	such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (c)	in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 (d)	such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Laws; and 
 (e)	in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 	 150 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 11.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 11.14	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . 
 
 (a)	 GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of NEW yORK WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) . 
 (b)	 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, ANY l/c Issuer, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE 
 	 151 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c)	 WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d)	 SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 11.15	 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 11.16	No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, amendment and restatement, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each of the Loan Parties acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each of the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower 
 	 152 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each of the Lenders and each of the Arrangers is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, the other Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates. Each of the Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties hereby agrees that it will not claim that any of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect or owes any fiduciary duty to it (including its stockholders, employees or creditors) in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 11.17	Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 
 . 
 This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such 
 	 153 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent or such L/C Issuer has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s or such L/C Issuer s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 11.18	USA PATRIOT Act 
 . Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 11.19	ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 . This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and 
 	 154 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Without limitation of the foregoing: 
 THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND THEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
 11.20	Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 . Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a)	 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b)	 the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable; 
 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 11.21	Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC 
 	 155 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (a)	 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.: 
 As used in this Section 11.21 , the following terms have the following meanings: 
 	 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 	 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 	 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 	 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 11.22	Amendment and Restatement 
 . 
 (a)	 On the Restatement Effective Date, the commitment of each lender that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement but is not a party to this Agreement (an Exiting Lender will be terminated, all outstanding obligations owing to the Exiting Lenders will 
 	 156 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

be repaid in full and each Exiting Lender will cease to be a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement and will not be a Lender under this Agreement. As of the Restatement Effective Date, the remaining Lenders under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be Lenders under this Agreement with Commitments as set forth on Schedule 2.01 hereto and by its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each such Lender hereby consents to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and to the non-pro rata reduction of commitments occurring on the Restatement Effective Date as a result of the termination of the commitments of the Exiting Lenders, and the concurrent repayment in full of all loans and other obligations owing (whether or not due) to the Exiting Lenders. On the Restatement Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended, restated and superseded in its entirety by this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, whether executed and delivered in connection herewith or otherwise, do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing, or termination of the rights, obligations and liabilities of the respective parties (including the Obligations) existing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date and (b) such obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended and restated hereby) with only the terms thereof being modified as provided in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (i) all Existing Letters of Credit shall on the Restatement Effective Date become Letters of Credit hereunder and (ii) all other Obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall on the Restatement Effective Date be Obligations under this Agreement. To the extent the Existing Credit Agreement provides that certain terms survive the termination of the Existing Credit Agreement or survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable thereunder, then such terms shall survive the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 (b)	 On the Restatement Effective Date, the Existing Revolving Credit Notes, if any, held by each Lender shall be deemed to be cancelled and, if such Lender has requested a Revolving Credit Note hereunder, amended and restated by the Revolving Credit Note delivered hereunder on or about the Restatement Effective Date (regardless of whether any Lender shall have delivered to the Borrower for cancellation the Existing Revolving Credit Note held by it). Each Lender, whether or not requesting a Revolving Credit Note hereunder, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the Existing Revolving Credit Notes held by it to the Borrower for cancellation and/or amendment and restatement. All amounts owing under, and evidenced by, the Existing Revolving Credit Notes as of the Restatement Effective Date shall continue to be outstanding hereunder, and shall from and after the Restatement Effective Date, if requested by the Lender holding such Existing Revolving Credit Note(s), be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes, and shall in any event be evidenced by, and governed by the terms of, this Agreement. Each Lender hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Loan Parties from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, actions or claims that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any Loan Party arising out of such Lender s failure to deliver the Existing Revolving Credit Notes held by it to the Borrower for cancellation, subject to the condition that the Borrower shall not make any payment to any Person claiming to be the holder of such Existing Revolving Credit Notes unless such Lender is first notified of such claim and 
 	 157 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

is given the opportunity, at such Lender s sole cost and expense, to assert any defenses to such payment. 
 
 [ signature pages immediately follow ] 
 
 	 158 	 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172791558 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 BORROWER: 
 
 GETTY REALTY CORP. 
 By: 	 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

GUARANTORS: 
 
 GETTY PROPERTIES CORP. 
 GETTY TM CORP. 
 AOC TRANSPORT, INC. 
 GETTYMART INC. 
 LEEMILT'S PETROLEUM, INC. 
 SLATTERY GROUP INC. 
 GETTY HI INDEMNITY, INC. 
 GETTY LEASING, INC. 
 GTY MD LEASING, INC. 
 GTY NY LEASING, INC. 
 GTY MA/NH LEASING, INC. 
 GTY-CPG (VA/DC) LEASING, INC. 
 GTY-CPG (QNS/BX) LEASING, INC. 
 By: 	 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

GTY-PACIFIC LEASING, LLC 
 GTY-EPP Leasing, LLC 
 GTY-SC Leasing, LLC 
 GTY Auto Service, LLC 
 GTY-GPM/EZ Leasing, LLC 
 By : GETTY PROPERTIES CORP., its Sole Member 
 By: 	 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

POWER TEST REALTY COMPANY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 By : GETTY PROPERTIES CORP., its General Partner 
 By: 	 
 Name: Brian Dickman 
 Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

LENDERS : 	 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender and L/C Issuer 

By: 	 
 Name: Helen W. Chan 
 Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as a Lender and L/C Issuer 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

TD BANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 
 
 [Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 
 
 [Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Lender 

By: 	 
 Name: [Type Signatory Name] 
 Title: [Type Signatory Title] 
 
 [Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 
 	 
 	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: Helen W. Chan 
 Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Getty Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 
 IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID US 172801506 US 172801506 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 gty-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

SUBSIDIARY 
 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION 

AOC Transport, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GettyMart Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Getty HI Indemnity, Inc. 
 
 New York 

Getty Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Getty Properties Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Getty TM Corp. GTY Auto Service, LLC 
 
 Maryland Delaware 

GTY MA/NH Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GTY MD Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GTY NY Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-CPG (VA/DC) Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-CPG (QNS./BX) Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-EPP Leasing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-GPM-EZ Leasing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-Pacific Leasing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

GTY-SC Leasing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Leemilt s Petroleum, Inc. 
 
 New York 

Power Test Realty Company Limited Partnership 
 
 New York 

Slattery Group, Inc. 
 
 New Jersey 

Ninety-nine percent owned by the Company, representing the limited partner units, and one percent owned by Getty Properties Corp., representing the general partner interest. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 gty-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23. CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-251977) and Form S-8 (No. 333-223054 and 333-258334) of Getty Realty Corp. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 gty-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Christopher J. Constant, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Getty Realty Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. CONSTANT 

Christopher J. Constant 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 gty-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Brian Dickman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Getty Realty Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ BRIAN DICKMAN 

Brian Dickman 

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 gty-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Getty Realty Corp. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. CONSTANT 

Christopher J. Constant 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Getty Realty Corp. and will be retained by Getty Realty Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 gty-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Getty Realty Corp. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ BRIAN DICKMAN 

Brian Dickman 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Getty Realty Corp. and will be retained by Getty Realty Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gty-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 gty-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 gty-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 gty-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 gty-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

