<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1826669_0001213900-23-014095.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4476208</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264137</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>890953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>910107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1202105</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1097921</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-014095.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223205841
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-014095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GX Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853189810
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40226
		FILM NUMBER:		23662026

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1325 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126163700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1325 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-014095.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_gxacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 001- 40226 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant GXIIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each exercisable for one share Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share GXIIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value
of the Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by
reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . 

As of February 23, 2023, there
were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and shares of the Company s Class B
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 
 24 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 

PART III 
 32 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 

PART IV 
 45 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined
below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the NioCorp Business Combination (as defined below) and other transactions contemplated by the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement (as defined below); 

our expectations around the performance of the
 prospective target business or businesses, including NioCorp (as defined herein); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

anchor investors are to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (who have an indirect interest in the securities owned by our sponsor) who are not affiliated with any member of our management team, and who purchased 18 million of units in our initial public offering, as further described herein; 

board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. or Cantor are to the book-runner and representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

Class A common stock are to the Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock, collectively; 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

NioCorp Business Combination or the Transaction are to the proposed business combination transaction involving the Company and NioCorp, including all the transactions contemplated by the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement. 

NioCorp Business Combination Agreement are to the business combination agreement dated September 25, 2022 entered into among the Company, NioCorp and Merger Sub; 

NioCorp Registration Statement are to the Form S-4 filed by NioCorp with the SEC on November 7, 2022 (File No. 333- 268227), as amended; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on March 22, 2021; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

iii 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Merger Sub are to Big Red Merger Sub Ltd, a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of NioCorp. 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

NioCorp are to NioCorp Developments Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Province of British Columbia. 

NYSE are to the New York Stock Exchange; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021 (File No. 333-253390), as amended; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

sponsor are to GX Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Jay R. Bloom and Dean C. Kehler, our co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers; 

trust account are to the trust account in which an amount of 300,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below) in the initial public offering and private placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering. 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of the Company s Class A common stock, and one-third of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

we, us, Company or our Company are to GX Acquisition Corp. II. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on September 24, 2020, as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our
initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in
any industry or sector, we focused our search on companies with favorable growth prospects and attractive returns on invested capital
before we entered into the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement as described below. 

Initial Public Offering 

On March 22, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, and one-third
of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Class A common stock
for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 300,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 5,666,667 warrants to our sponsor at a purchase price
of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,500,000. 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised
of 291,500,000 of the proceeds from our initial public offering (which amount includes 10,500,000 of the underwriters deferred
discount) and 8,500,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in the trust account at J.P. Morgan
Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Jay R. Bloom and Dean C. Kehler, our co-Chairmen
and Chief Executive Officers and our President, Michael G. Maselli. Our management team has guided public and private companies over more
than three decades as private equity principals, owners, corporate directors and advisors across a wide variety of industries, including
the technology, growth infrastructure, telecom/media, consumer products and services, financial services, healthcare, energy, and manufacturing
sectors. Through these activities, our management team has developed a broad network of contacts that we believe will be helpful in identifying
targets for a potential business combination, including the NioCorp Business Combination. We must complete our initial business combination
by March 22, 2023, 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination is not consummated by
March 22, 2023, and we do not obtain an extension of the period of time to complete our initial business combination, then our existence
will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

NioCorp Business Combination 

NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement 

On September 25, 2022, the
Company, NioCorp and Merger Sub entered into a business combination agreement (the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement ).
The transactions contemplated by the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (as defined below) are referred
to, collectively as the Transaction. 

The terms of the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, which contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating
to the Transaction, are summarized below. Capitalized terms used in this Report but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given
to them in the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement. 

1 

Structure 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, among other transactions, the following transactions will occur: (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company
with the Company surviving the merger (the First Merger (ii) all public shares in the Company that are held by stockholders
who have not elected to exercise their redemption rights in connection with the Transaction (the Non-Redeeming Public Stockholders shall be converted into shares of Class A common stock in the Company (such shares, the First Merger Class A Shares ), as
the surviving company in the First Merger; (iii) NioCorp will purchase all First Merger Class A Shares in exchange for common shares,
no par value, of NioCorp NioCorp Common Shares (the Exchange (iv) NioCorp will assume the Company s
warrant agreement (the Warrant Agreement and each Company warrant that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the Exchange will be converted into a warrant to acquire NioCorp Common Shares (a NioCorp Assumed Warrant 
(v) all of the First Merger Class A Shares will be contributed by NioCorp to 0896800 B.C. Ltd., a company organized under the laws of
the Province of British Columbia and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of NioCorp Intermediate Holdco ), in exchange for
additional shares of Intermediate Holdco, resulting in the Company becoming a direct subsidiary of Intermediate Holdco; (vi) Elk Creek
Resources Corporation, a Nebraska corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Intermediate Holdco ECRC ), will
merge with and into the Company with the Company surviving the merger as a direct subsidiary of Intermediate Holdco (the Second
Merger and (vii) following the effective time of the Second Merger, each of NioCorp and the Company, as the surviving company
of the Second Merger, will effectuate a reverse stock split with the ratio to be mutually agreed by the parties. 

Upon the full execution of
the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement, the Company shall immediately cease any discussions or negotiations, and is not permitted
to search for, or negotiate or contract with, any other companies related to a business combination other than NioCorp. 

Consideration 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, upon consummation of the First Merger, each public share that is held by a Non-Redeeming Public Stockholder shall
be converted into one First Merger Class A Share. In connection with the Exchange, NioCorp will exercise its unilateral option to purchase
each First Merger Class A Share in exchange for 11.1829212 NioCorp Common Shares. As a result, each Non-Redeeming Public Stockholder will
ultimately be issued NioCorp Common Shares. Upon consummation of the Second Merger, each of the First Merger Class A Shares will be converted
into 11.1829212 shares of Class A common stock of the Company (each, a Second Merger Class A Share ), as the surviving company
in the Second Merger. 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, upon consummation of the First Merger, each founder share in the Company (other than certain shares that may be
forfeited in accordance with the support agreement entered into by and among the Company, NioCorp, the Sponsor, and the directors and
officers of the Company on September 25, 2022, concurrently with the execution of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement) will be
converted into one share of Class B common stock in the Company (such shares, the First Merger Class B Shares ), as the surviving
company in the First Merger. Upon consummation of the Second Merger, each of the First Merger Class B Shares will be converted into 11.1829212
shares of Class B common stock of the Company (each, a Second Merger Class B Share ), as the surviving company in the Second
Merger. Each Second Merger Class B Share will be exchangeable into NioCorp Common Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain equitable
adjustments, in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement (further described below). 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, in connection with the First Merger and the assumption by NioCorp of the Warrant Agreement, each Company warrant
that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Exchange will be converted into one NioCorp Assumed Warrant
pursuant to the Warrant Agreement. Each NioCorp Assumed Warrant will be exercisable solely for NioCorp Common Shares, and the number of
NioCorp Common Shares subject to each NioCorp Assumed Warrant will be equal to the number of shares of the Company common stock subject
to the applicable Company warrant multiplied by 11.1829212, with the applicable exercise price adjusted accordingly. 

Following the effective time
of the Second Merger, NioCorp will effectuate a reverse stock split of the issued NioCorp Common Shares, and the Company will effectuate
a proportionate reverse stock split of the Second Merger Class A Shares and the Second Merger Class B Shares at a to-be-determined ratio. 

2 

The Company s units,
public shares, and public warrants are currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols GXIIU ,
 GXII and GXIIW , respectively. The NioCorp Common Shares are traded on the TSX under the symbol NB 
and on the OTC Markets trading platform under the symbol NIOBF . NioCorp currently anticipates that, following the Transaction,
the NioCorp Common Shares will trade on Nasdaq and will continue to trade on the TSX. In addition, NioCorp anticipates that, following
the Transaction, the NioCorp Assumed Warrants will trade on Nasdaq. NioCorp intends to apply for listing of the NioCorp Common Shares
and NioCorp Assumed Warrants on Nasdaq. See Closing Conditions below. Neither Nasdaq nor the TSX has conditionally approved
any NioCorp listing application in connection with the Transaction and there is no assurance that such exchanges will approve the listing
applications. 

Closing 

The Closing will be no later
than the second business day following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions in the NioCorp Business Combination
Agreement (the Closing Date ). It is expected that the Closing will occur in the first quarter of 2023. 

Termination and Termination Fees 

The NioCorp Business Combination
Agreement may be terminated by the Company or NioCorp under certain circumstances. Upon termination, in specified circumstances, NioCorp
must pay the Company a termination fee of 15,000,000 (the Base Termination Fee ). Such specified circumstances include,
among others, termination of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement by NioCorp in order to enter into an agreement providing for a
superior proposal, termination by the Company for a change of recommendation of the NioCorp Board, or a material breach of certain of
NioCorp s covenants relating to soliciting acquisition proposals. 

In addition, the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement provides that, upon termination of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement in specified circumstances, NioCorp
is required to pay a termination fee in the amount of 25,000,000 (the Intentional Breach Termination Fee ). Such specified
circumstances include, among others, termination by the Company as a result of a willful and material breach by NioCorp such that certain
conditions to Closing would not be satisfied at Closing (subject to a cure period), or as a result of NioCorp s failure to consummate
the closing of the Transaction within five business days after all the conditions to Closing have been satisfied and the Company has irrevocably
confirmed in writing that it is prepared to consummate the Closing. 

The NioCorp Business Combination
Agreement further provides that, upon a termination of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement whereupon the Company will be entitled
to the Base Termination Fee or the Intentional Breach Termination Fee, NioCorp is also required to pay an amount equal to the sum of all
documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses paid or payable by the Company and the Sponsor in connection with the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement and the Transaction, not to exceed 5,000,000. 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, in no event will the Company be entitled to both the Base Termination Fee and the Intentional Breach Termination
Fee. 

Closing Conditions 

The consummation of the Transaction
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions contained in the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement,
including, among other things, (i) obtaining required approvals of the Transaction and related matters by the respective shareholders
of the Company and NioCorp, (ii) the effectiveness of the registration statement of NioCorp on Form S-4 registering the issuance of certain
NioCorp securities in connection with the Transaction, (iii) receipt of approval for listing the NioCorp Common Shares to be issued in
connection with the Transaction on Nasdaq, subject to notice of issuance, (iv) receipt of approval for listing the NioCorp Assumed Warrants
to be issued in connection with the Transaction on Nasdaq, subject to notice of issuance, (v) receipt of approval from the TSX with respect
to the issuance and listing of the NioCorp Common Shares issuable in connection with the Transaction, (vi) that NioCorp and its subsidiaries
(including the Company, as the surviving company of the Second Merger) will have at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon the consummation
of the Transaction and after payment of underwriters fees or commissions, (vii) that, at Closing, NioCorp and its subsidiaries
(including the Company, as the surviving company of the Second Merger) will have received cash in an amount equal to or greater than 15,000,000,
in connection with the Transaction, subject to certain adjustments and (viii) the absence of any injunctions enjoining or prohibiting
the consummation of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement. 

3 

Registration Rights Agreement and Lock-Up 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, in connection with the Closing, the Company, the Sponsor, in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company, the
directors and officers of the Company (the GXII Holders ), the directors and officers of NioCorp (the NioCorp Holders 
and, together with the Sponsor and the GXII Holders, the Holders will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, NioCorp will be obligated to file a shelf registration statement to register
the resale of certain securities of NioCorp held by the Holders after the Closing. The Registration Rights Agreement will also provide
the Holders with certain demand and piggy-back registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary
conditions. 

In addition, the Registration
Rights Agreement will provide that the Sponsor and the NioCorp Holders will be subject to lock-up restrictions on transfer
of NioCorp securities held by them after the Closing for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) one
year after the Closing and (ii) subsequent to the Closing (a) the date on which the volume-weighted average price of the NioCorp Common
Shares on the principal securities exchange or market on which such securities are then traded has equaled or exceeded the quotient of
 13.42 per share divided by 11.1829212 (as adjusted for stock splits (including the reverse stock split), recapitalizations and similar
events) for 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing Date or (b) the date on which
NioCorp completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction that results in all of NioCorp s
shareholders having the right to exchange their NioCorp Common Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Exchange Agreement 

Pursuant to the NioCorp Business
Combination Agreement, in connection with the Closing, the Company, the Sponsor and NioCorp will enter into an exchange agreement (the
 Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor will be entitled to exchange any or all of its shares
of Second Merger Class B Shares in the Company for NioCorp Common Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain equitable adjustments,
in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement. Under certain circumstances, and subject to certain exceptions, NioCorp may instead
settle all or a portion of any exchange pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement in cash, in lieu of NioCorp Common Shares, based
on a volume-weighted average price of NioCorp Common Shares. 

GXII Support Agreement 

On September 25, 2022, concurrently
with the execution of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement, the Company, NioCorp, the Sponsor, and the GXII Holders entered into
a support agreement (the GXII Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor and the GXII Holders agreed, among other
things, to vote in favor of (i) an amendment to the Company s Amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the GXII
Charter to eliminate the automatic conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company, all of which are held by the Sponsor,
into Class A common stock of the Company at the time of a Business Combination (as defined in the GXII Charter), (ii) the Transaction,
and (iii) any other proposals that are necessary to effectuate the Transaction. With respect to certain Second Merger Class B Shares that
are subject to an earnout period, the Sponsor and the GXII Holders also agreed not to transfer such shares until NioCorp Common Shares
achieve a trading price exceeding certain dollar thresholds set forth in the GXII Support Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions
contemplated by the GXII Support Agreement. Such shares will be forfeited if the NioCorp Common Shares do not achieve the specified trading
prices prior to the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date. 

NioCorp Support Agreement 

On September 25, 2022, concurrently
with the execution of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement, the Company, NioCorp and the NioCorp Holders entered into a support
agreement (the NioCorp Support Agreement and, collectively with the Registration Rights Agreement, the Exchange Agreement,
and the GXII Support Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements ), pursuant to which the NioCorp Holders agreed, among other things,
to vote in favor of (i) the issuance of the NioCorp securities issuable in connection with the Transaction, (ii) an amendment to the articles
of NioCorp, as amended effective January 27, 2015, to comply with applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq, and (iii) any other proposals
that are necessary to effectuate the Transaction. 

The NioCorp Business Combination
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements are further described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
29, 2022. The forgoing descriptions of each of the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement filed as an exhibit to this Report. 

On February 8, 2023, the SEC declared
effective NioCorp Registration Statement, filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed NioCorp Business Combination, which includes
a proxy statement with respect to our special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to approve the proposed Transaction,
among other matters, that constitutes a prospectus of NioCorp with respect to the securities to be issued in the proposed Transaction.
On February 8, 2023, we filed our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A with the SEC, as supplemented, which was mailed on or about
February 10, 2023 to our stockholders as of January 24, 2023, the record date for the Special Meeting. The Special Meeting has been scheduled
for March 15, 2023. 

4 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters of the initial
public offering of the Company were initially entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 10,500,000 in the aggregate. On September
6, 2022, the Company entered into a fee reduction agreement with the underwriters where the underwriters have agreed to forfeit 5,500,000
of the aggregate 10,500,000 deferred fee contingent upon the Closing. Upon the Closing, the deferred fee will be paid to the underwriters
as follows: (1) 2,000,000 in cash from the amounts held in the Trust Account and (2) 3,000,000 in NioCorp Common Shares, subject to
the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Advisory Agreement 

The Company has engaged BTIG,
LLC BTIG as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with stockholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining
stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with
the Business Combination. The Company initially agreed to pay BTIG a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination
in an amount equal to 2,000,000. On September 14, 2022, the Company entered into a fee reduction agreement with BTIG, pursuant to which
BTIG agreed to forfeit its right to receive 1,047,618 of the advisory fee contingent upon the Closing. Upon the Closing, the advisory
fee will become payable in 382,382 in cash and 570,000 in NioCorp Common Shares. If the Transaction is not consummated, BTIG will not
be entitled to the advisory fee. 

Business Strategy 

Our strategy is to identify
a target that can benefit by becoming a publicly-listed company, with improved access to capital, and that we believe can be positively
impacted by our management team. Before entering into the NioCorp Business Combination, we sought a target that we believe can grow revenue
and earnings materially. This may include a target that can benefit from capital injection to: (i) increase spending on capital or
other projects that are expected to generate favorable returns, and which can accelerate revenue and earnings growth; (ii) invest
in technology; or (iii) fundamentally restructure its business operations. 

Our management team, combined,
has more than 100 years of experience setting and implementing strategies to grow revenues and improve profitability, including: helping
to develop growth initiatives; developing capital allocation strategies; reducing expenses to increase earnings or to redeploy capital
into more beneficial initiatives; pursuing add-on acquisitions and divestitures; engaging in capital markets and other financing or restructuring
activities; evaluating, changing or enhancing management when appropriate; and crafting other initiatives. 

To execute our business strategy,
we have: 

Utilized our management team s extensive network of company owners, management teams, financial intermediaries and others to identify appropriate candidates for a possible business combination, including the NioCorp Business Combination; 

Conducted rigorous research and analysis of various industries and companies to identify promising potential targets, including NioCorp; 

Conducted a thorough due diligence review of one or more targets, including an analysis of overall industry and competitive conditions and of company-specific information; 

Arranged appropriate financing in connection with the business combination to provide the target company with adequate capital to execute its business plan; 

5 

We intend
to: 

Complete a business combination at an attractive price relative to our view of intrinsic value and future potential; 

Implement an operational and financial business plan that we believe will accelerate growth and provide the company with financial and operational flexibility; and 

Seek further strategic acquisitions, divestitures or other transactions that we believe will further enhance stockholder value. 

Acquisition Criteria 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are consistent with our acquisition philosophy and our management s experience,
and that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used these criteria and guidelines to evaluate
acquisition opportunities, including the NioCorp Business Combination. 

We sought to acquire a company
with some or all of the following characteristics: 

Has potential to achieve favorable growth in revenue and earnings; 

Has potential to generate favorable returns on invested capital, with identifiable projects that will allow the company to make investments that can increase earnings; 

Has established customer relationships and sustainable margins; 

Is in a sector with favorable secular trends such as demographics, customer trends, technology developments or some other identifiable factor(s), and that exhibits significant barriers to entry by new competitors; 

Is less likely to be negatively affected by existing or new regulations; 

Has potential to grow via add-on acquisitions; 

Appears to be fundamentally misunderstood by investors, and therefore is undervalued; 

Needs additional strategic and managerial guidance to reposition the company, accelerate growth or refocus the business on strategies that will result in value creation; and 

Is expected to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. 

Competitive Strengths 

We are leveraging the following
sources of competitive strength in seeking to achieve our business strategy: 

Experienced Management Team with Expertise
in a Wide Variety of Industries, Under Various Economic and Market Environments 

Our co-Chairmen and Chief
Executive Officers have been involved in more than 60 acquisitions as owners, financiers and/or advisers for more than 35 years,
across dozens of industries and through several full economic cycles. Members of our management team, combined, have more than 100 years
of experience investing and advising in corporate acquisitions. We believe that our management s long and diverse acquisition experience
represents a competitive advantage. 

6 

Public Markets Experience 

Our management team has substantial
experience in the public equity markets. Many of the acquisition transactions in which they participated involved publicly-held companies,
and a number of their portfolio companies achieved exits via the public equity markets. In addition to public markets experience relating
to their private equity activities, our management team also has overseen portfolios that invested in a wide variety of securities, including
public equities, and our management team has been involved in numerous public equity financings as advisors. We view this broad experience
in public equities spanning more than three decades to be a competitive advantage in sourcing a prospective
investment that will be well-received by equity investors. 

Access to Investment Opportunities 

Our management team has extensive,
long-term relationships with owners (both private equity fund managers and otherwise), management teams, lenders, industry experts, consultants,
professionals and financial intermediaries. This network has provided our management team with deal flow over many years, and we believe
these relationships will provide us with access to attractive acquisition opportunities. We also rely on our management team s reputation
and history of identifying and securing acquisition opportunities, including those that have potential to improve by changing their business
models or adopting new technologies. 

Our Acquisition, Investment and Post-Closing
Process 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we have conducted thorough due diligence reviews that encompass, among other things, an analysis of overall industry
and competitive conditions; meetings with incumbent management and employees; interaction with third parties who are industry experts;
document reviews; inspection of facilities; and a review of available financial, operational, legal and other information. We have utilized
our expertise analyzing target companies, including NioCorp, and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining
the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

As part of our due diligence
investigation, we have evaluated the suitability of the targets, including NioCorp, to become a U.S. public company. This includes an
analysis of: 

the target s financial prospects, including prospects for growth and variability of financial results; 

relevant revenue recognition and other accounting issues; 

actual and contingent liabilities; 

reliance upon key suppliers, customers and employees; 

experienced management teams; 

regulatory issues; and 

other factors that may impact the target business once it is part of a public company. 

We believe that it is important
for any acquisition to achieve early success as a first step toward achieving longer-term objectives. Consistent with our view on developing
a 100 Day Plan, we are working with the target s management team and outside advisors to identify key near-term objectives for NioCorp,
and have communicated, and will continue to communicate to them the importance of near-term execution. We believe this serves as the beginning
of a strategic plan whose objective will be to increase stockholder value and includes objectives relating to the following: 

Determining the key drivers that will allow the
company to increase stockholder value, and the factors that will make the company more valuable in the future; 

Developing key performance indicators, since
we believe that You can t manage what you can t measure 

7 

Developing capital raising strategies to allow
the further development of NioCorp s business; 

Developing a human resource strategy by optimizing
the existing workforce, developing concrete plans to retain key talent and recruiting new talent and creating a compensation plan that
aligns interests among investors, management and employees; and 

Developing an investor relations strategy by
creating processes and disciplines around stockholder communication and relations with the analyst community 

Members of our management
team and board of directors will continue to work closely with management of the target company to implement strategies that we believe
will build stockholder value. 

Any past experience of our
management team is not a guarantee either: (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination;
or (ii) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical
record of Trimaran s (as defined below) or our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance. Additionally,
in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful.
In addition, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual
obligations with respect to initial business combination opportunities. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, advisors or directors. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, advisors or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. In connection with the NioCorp Business Combination, we have obtained a fairness opinion from Scalar, LLC, which stated that, as
of the date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications stated in such opinion, the
consideration to be received by the holders of our public shares is fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management
team and our advisors may directly or indirectly own our founder shares, common stock and/or private placement warrants, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities
presented would be smaller than what we are interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or that our obligations
are to entities that are not themselves in the business of engaging in business combinations. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers and directors
may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended to be registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding
our initial business combination. 

8 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to
the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination,
we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with
us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A
common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us
to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not
be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

Financial Position 

With funds available as of
February 23, 2023 for a business combination in the amount of 303,162,732 before fees and expenses associated with our initial business
combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for
the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds
of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements
we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target,
debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

9 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the
completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust
account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of
the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability
to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any
arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates,
including NioCorp, are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals.
Target businesses were brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings
in the past. These sources also introduced us to target businesses in which they thought we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources may have read our filings with the SEC and knew what types of businesses we were targeting before the NioCorp
Business Combination. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, also brought to our attention target business
candidates that they became aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they had,
as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we received a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not
otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their
respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. As a result of the NioCorp Business Combination, we do not anticipate
engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis. We have
agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to completing an initial business combination. Some of our
officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business
combination. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or advisors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Potential target companies
with whom we may engage in discussions may have had prior discussions with other blank check companies, bankers in the industry and/or
other professional advisors including blank check companies with which our executive officers or board of directors were affiliated. We
may pursue transactions with such potential targets (i) if such other blank check companies are no longer pursuing transactions with
such potential targets, (ii) if we become aware that such potential targets are interested in a potential initial business combination
with us and (iii) if we believe such transactions would be attractive to our stockholders. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 

10 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so
that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken
into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target
business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target
businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we have conducted thorough due diligence reviews, encompassing, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and
other information that were made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

11 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we focused on search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our
initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we have closely scrutinized
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, including the NioCorp Business Combination, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct.
In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore,
the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

12 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that
such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that
the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13
and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held
in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the
extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact
only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account
or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

13 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will
only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or
their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to Cantor. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

14 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares
so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial
public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes
of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of
our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares,
we would need only 11,250,001, or 37.5 , of our 30,000,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted; or 1,875,001, or 6.25 , assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and
assuming our sponsor, officers and directors do not purchase any public shares) in order to have our initial business combination approved.
In the event that our anchor investors who purchased 18 million of units in our initial public offering vote their public shares in favor
of our initial business combination, we will only require the affirmative vote of 9,450,001 or 31.5 of our public shares to approve our
initial business combination. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days)
prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted; or 75,001, or 0.25 , assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted). These
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so
long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of
our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to
be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all
shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

15 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an
aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction
shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in
our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or
our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability
to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability
of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly
in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the meeting held to approve a proposed initial business combination
by a date set forth in the proxy materials mailed to such holders or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are
requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send
out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption
rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is
approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public
share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date
not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

16 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If the NioCorp Business Combination
is not completed by March 22, 2023, we plan to extend the period of time to complete the NioCorp Business Combination, subject to the
stockholder approval. On February 9, 2023, we filed with the SEC a definitive proxy statement providing notice of a special meeting of
stockholders (the Extension Meeting to consider proposals to (i) amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination (the Extension from March
22, 2023 to June 22, 2023 and (ii) adjourn the Extension Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary, to permit further solicitation
and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the Extension Meeting, there were not sufficient votes to approve
one or more proposals presented to stockholders for vote at the Extension Meeting. The Extension Meeting is scheduled to be held on March
20, 2023 via a live webcast. Only holders of record of our common stock at the close of business on January 24, 2023 are entitled to receive
the notice of the Extension Meeting and to vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or March 22, 2023), to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period or by such
later date as may be approved by our stockholders, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by March 22,
2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the allotted 24-month time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by March 22, 2023, or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or (ii) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem
our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive
number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We depend on sufficient
interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not
sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest
accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee
to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

17 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made
in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our
remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

18 

We seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of
February 23, 2023, we have access to up to 31,323 from the proceeds of our working capital loans Working Capital Loans with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by March 22, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders, may
be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280
of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which
any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought,
and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by March 22, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders, it is not considered a
liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition
of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174
of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead
of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by March 22,
2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24 th 
month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any
claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the
third anniversary of such date. 

Because we are not complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation,
the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability
extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in
the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

19 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of
punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you
that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to offer redemption
rights in connection with any proposed initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by March 22, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination
by March 22, 2023, subject to applicable law. Stockholders who do not exercise their redemption rights in connection with an amendment
to our certificate of incorporation would still be able to exercise their redemption rights in connection with a subsequent business combination.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located at 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28 th Floor New York, NY 10019 and our telephone number is (212) 616-3700. Our
executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have six officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in
any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the
initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

20 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC
to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations
under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates
exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check Company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

as the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination; this could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

21 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

if the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least March 22, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders by which a business combination must occur, our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected. 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult 
 for us to complete our initial business combination; 

our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination; 

if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

22 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results; and 

we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given that the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. If the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination by March 22, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination, including the NioCorp Business Combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

For additional risks relating
to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement filed with the SEC on
February 23, 2021, (ii) our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022,
and (iii) our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30,
2022 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021, May 16, 2022, August 11, 2022 and November 9, 2022, respectively. 

For risks relating to NioCorp
and the NioCorp Business Combination, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in the NioCorp Registration Statement. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28 th Floor New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 616-3700. The
cost for our use of this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative
and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The board has received a demand from a putative
stockholder, dated November 21, 2022 (the Demand ), alleging that the NioCorp Registration Statement is materially misleading
and/or omits material information with respect to the Transactions. The Demand seeks the issuance of corrective disclosures in an amendment
or supplement to the NioCorp Registration Statement. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols GXIIU, GXII and GXIIW, respectively. Our units commenced
public trading on March 18, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on May 10, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On February 23, 2023, there
was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of shares of our Class A common stock, one holder of record of shares of our
Class B common stock, and two holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

24 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On March 22, 2021, subsequent
to the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 30,000,000 units. Each unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to
purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of 300,000,000. Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as the representative of the underwriters of the initial public
offering. The securities in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on the registration statement on Form
S-1 (No. 333-253390) which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2021. 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised
of 291,500,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 10,500,000 of the underwriters deferred
discount) and 8,500,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P.
Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee
only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury
obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 24, 2020 for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our
capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will
be successful. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully
predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact
our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination, including the Transaction. 

25 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from September 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational
activities, the initial public offering and identifying a target company for a business combination, including NioCorp. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as due diligence expenses in connection with our search for targets
for our initial business combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 7,878,010, which consists of operating costs of 7,356,748, loss on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 4,016,667
and a provision for income taxes of 827,236, offset by the interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 4,322,641. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net
income of 10,096,611, which consists of a gain on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,076,667, a gain on the change
in fair value of over-allotment option of 138,932, and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 16,667,
offset by the operating costs of 1,391,322 and warrant transaction costs of 744,333. 

The Transaction 

On September 25, 2022, the Company, NioCorp and
Merger Sub entered into the NioCorp Business Combination Agreement. As a result of the Transaction, we will become a subsidiary of NioCorp. 

The terms of the NioCorp Business Combination
Agreement, which contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating to the Transaction,
as well as the terms of the Ancillary Agreements, are summarized in Note 6 to the accompanying financial statements and are incorporated
herein. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 22, 2021, we consummated the initial
public offering of 30,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 5,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,500,000. We incurred transaction costs of 17,025,820,
consisting of 6,000,000 of underwriting fees, 10,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees 5,000,000 upon the consummation of the NioCorp
Business Combination due to a fee reduction) and 525,820 of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 2,149,968. Net loss of 7,878,010 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 4,016,667
and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 4,322,641. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 6,034,016 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used
in operating activities was 1,272,765. Net income of 10,096,611 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 12,076,667,
the change in fair value of over-allotment option 138,932, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 16,667,
and warrant transaction costs of 744,333. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 118,557 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the trust account of 303,162,732 (including 3,162,732 of interest income) consisting of a money market fund invested in U.S.
Treasury Bills. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we have
withdrawn 1,176,576 interest earned from the trust account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

26 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 2,483.
We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to pay the operating costs incurred in connection with the pending
business combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The
warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. On November 14, 2022 and January 11, 2023, the Company issued two unsecured
promissory notes in the principal amount of 250,000 and 235,000, respectively, to the sponsor for working capital purposes. The notes
are non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of: (i) March 22, 2023 or, if the Company has extended, in accordance with its organizational
documents, the deadline by which it must complete its initial business combination, then such date, as extended by which the Company must
complete the business combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the business combination. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, 250,000 and 0 of Working Capital Loans were outstanding, respectively. As of February 23, 2023, the outstanding capital loans
were 485,000. 

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a
target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
Public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

We will need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from the sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and the
sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their
sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to
raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily
be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide
any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that our financial statements included in this Report are
issued. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, the Company has until March 22, 2023, to consummate a business combination, including the Transaction. It is uncertain
that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date and
an extension of the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination has not been approved by the Company s stockholders,
there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that our insufficient capital and
mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders of the Company, and
potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from
the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should
the Company be required to liquidate after March 22, 2023. We intend to continue to complete a business combination, including the Transaction
before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this
Report. 

27 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the sponsor a total
of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on March 17, 2021 and will continue
to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination or our liquidation. 

The underwriters of the initial public offering
of the Company were initially entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 10,500,000 in the aggregate. On September 6, 2022, we
entered a fee reduction agreement with the underwriters pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to forfeit 5,500,000 of the aggregate
 10,500,000 deferred fee contingent upon the Closing. Upon the Closing, the deferred fee will be paid to the underwriters as follows:
(1) 2,000,000 in cash from the amounts held in the trust account and (2) 3,000,000 in NioCorp Common Shares, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 

We have entered into an advisory agreement with
BTIG, pursuant to which we will pay BTIG a total of 2,000,000 for advisory services relating to our search for and consummation of an
initial Business Combination. On September 14, 2022, we entered a fee reduction agreement with BTIG pursuant to which BTIG agreed to forfeit
its right to receive 1,047,618 of the advisory fee contingent upon the Closing. Upon the Closing the remainder of the advisory fee will
become payable in 382,382 in cash and 570,000 in NioCorp Common Shares. If a Business Combination is not consummated, BTIG will not
be entitled to the advisory fee. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants issued in connection
with our initial public offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D under which the warrants do not meet the
criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair
value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet
date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the Private Placement
Warrants was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation approach. The fair value of the public warrants was estimated using the close price
of the public warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

28 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair
value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit
section of our balance sheets. 

Net (Loss) Income Per Common Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . We have two classes of common stock, which are referred to as Class A common
stock and Class B common stock. Net (loss) income per common stock is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from
earnings per common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The calculation of diluted (loss) income per share
does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) initial public offering and (ii) the private placement
to purchase an aggregate of 15,666,667 shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted (loss) income per share, since the
exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting
for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting
for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions
that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share
calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within
those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 is being assessed by us; however no significant
impact on the financial statements is anticipated. 

Management does not believe that any other recently issued accounting
standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

29 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the
Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure
that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in
this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management has identified a material weakness
in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. While we have processes to identify and appropriately
apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we
consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can
offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

30 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Jay R. Bloom 
 67 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dean C. Kehler 
 66 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Michael G. Maselli 
 63 
 President 
 
 Andrea J. Kellett 
 66 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Arthur D. Baer 
 44 
 Vice President 
 
 Jordan S. Bloom 
 34 
 Vice President 
 
 Hillel Weinberger 
 69 
 Director 
 
 Marc Mazur 
 63 
 Director 
 
 James W. Harpel 
 85 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Jay R. Bloom , our
Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since inception, is a Managing Partner of Trimaran Fund Management, L.L.C., d/b/a Trimaran Capital
Partners Trimaran ), which he co-founded in 1998, and serves as a Manager of Trimaran Fund II, an existing private equity
fund. Trimaran and affiliated entities have managed private equity funds, collateralized loan obligations, and hedge funds (in the case
of hedge funds, as sub-advisor). Prior to Trimaran, Mr. Bloom was a Managing Director and Vice Chairman of CIBC World Markets Corp. CIBC ),
where he was responsible for CIBC s United States and European Merchant Banking activities, which were conducted through the CIBC
Funds. In addition, Mr. Bloom was responsible for overseeing CIBC s United States and European Leveraged Finance businesses, which
included financial sponsor coverage, acquisition finance, high yield origination, underwriting, sales and trading, private placements,
and financial restructuring advisory services. Mr. Bloom was a co-founder of The Argosy Group, LP Argosy ), a boutique
investment bank that engaged in leveraged finance activities and principal investing. Argosy was acquired by CIBC in 1995. Prior to Argosy,
Mr. Bloom was a Managing Director of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., and before that, he was an investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Mr.
Bloom also practiced law at Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton Garrison. Mr. Bloom has served on the boards of many private and public
companies spanning various industries and most recently he served on the board of directors of Celularity, Inc. (biotechnology; Nasdaq:
CELU) from July 2021 to June 1, 2022. He has also served on the Advisory Board of the Richman Center for Business, Law and Public Policy
at Columbia University, as a member of the Cornell University Council and the Cornell University Undergraduate Business Program Advisory
Council, and is an emeritus member of the Advisory Council of the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University. Mr. Bloom
graduated summa cum laude from Cornell University with a B.S degree in Business Management, from the Johnson Graduate School with an
M.B.A degree and from Columbia University School of Law with a J.D. degree, where he was a member of the Board of Editors of the Columbia
Law Review. Mr. Bloom is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive financial, investment, operation and
private and public company experience. 

32 

Dean C. Kehler, our
Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since inception, is a Managing Partner of Trimaran, which he co-founded in 1998, and serves as
a Manager of Trimaran Fund II. From August 2018 to July 2021, he served as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GX Acquisition Corp.,
a special purpose acquisition company that merged with Celularity Inc. Prior to Trimaran, Mr. Kehler was a Managing Director and Vice
Chairman of CIBC, where he was responsible for CIBC s United States and European Merchant Banking activities, which were conducted
through the CIBC Funds. In addition, Mr. Kehler was responsible for overseeing CIBC s United States and European Leveraged Finance
businesses, which included financial sponsor coverage, acquisition finance, high yield origination, underwriting, sales and trading, private
placements, and financial restructuring advisory services. Mr. Kehler was a co-founder of Argosy. Prior to Argosy, Mr. Kehler was a Managing
Director of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., and before that, he was an investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Mr. Kehler currently serves
on the Boards of Directors of Celularity, Inc. (biotechnology; Nasdaq: CELU), El Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc. (restaurants; Nasdaq: LOCO)
and Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (investment company; Nasdaq: PTMN). Mr. Kehler has also served on the boards of many private and
public companies spanning various industries. Mr. Kehler previously served as a Director, Treasurer and Chair of the Finance Committee
of CARE USA, one of the world s largest private humanitarian organizations; and as Chair of the Board of Overseers of the University
of Pennsylvania School of Nursing. Mr. Kehler graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Kehler is well
qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive financial, investment, operations and private and public company experience. 

Michael G. Maselli, 
our President since inception, has been a Managing Director of Trimaran since 2006. From August 2018 to July 2021, he has served as Vice
President of Acquisitions of GX Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that merged with Celularity Inc. Before joining
Trimaran, Mr. Maselli worked in the Corporate and Leverage Finance Groups of CIBC. Prior to joining CIBC in 1997, Mr. Maselli served as
a Managing Director in Bear Stearns corporate finance group and, prior to that, as a Vice President at Kidder Peabody Co.
Incorporated. Mr. Maselli has guided companies and their boards as a director or advisor for over 30 years. Since 2011, Mr. Maselli has
served as the Chairman of the Board of El Pollo Loco Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: LOCO), a company engaged in the restaurant industry. From
2013 to 2015, he served on the board of directors of Norcraft Companies, Inc., and served on the board of managers of its predecessor
company beginning in 2003. Additionally, Mr. Maselli served on the board of directors of ChanceLight, Inc. (f/k/a Educational Services
of America, Inc.), Brite Media Group, Inc. and Standard Steel, LLC, and was director as well as Chairman of the Board of CB Holding Corp.
Mr. Maselli received an MBA with distinction from The A.B. Freeman School at Tulane University and a bachelor s degree in economics
from the University of Colorado. 

Andrea J. Kellett ,
our Chief Financial Officer since inception, has been a Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer of Trimaran since June 2000.
From August 2018 to July 2021, she served as Chief Financial Officer of GX Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that
merged with Celularity Inc. Mrs. Kellett is responsible for accounting, management and financial reporting, human resources and administrative
matters. Prior to joining Trimaran, Mrs. Kellett was an Executive Director in the Leveraged Finance Group of CIBC and was the Controller
of Argosy, which she joined in 1990. Prior to joining Argosy, Mrs. Kellett was a Vice President in the Real Estate Tax Shelter Department
of Thomson McKinnon Securities, Inc. Mrs. Kellett began her career as an auditor for Arthur Young Co. Mrs. Kellett received her
B.S. from the School of Business at the State University of New York at Albany. 

Arthur D. Baer , our
Vice President since February 2021, is an investment professional at Trimaran since March 2021 and was a consultant to GX Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that merged with Celularity Inc. from August 2018 to July 2021. Previously, from 2015 to
2018, he was Chief Investment Officer of Cavendish Fund Management LLC, an equity hedge fund that he founded. Prior to Cavendish, Mr.
Baer was Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman of Brite Media Group LLC from 2005 to 2014. Brite Media Group was a media and consumer
marketing company that was majority owned by Trimaran. At Brite Media Group, Mr. Baer s responsibilities included acquisitions,
operations and business planning, and overall financial management including capital allocation and accounting. He evaluated hundreds
of acquisition opportunities for Brite Media which resulted in closing numerous add on acquisitions and also managed the divestiture process,
successfully selling a key division to a competitor in 2012 and other divisions to a private equity group in 2014. Mr. Baer previously
worked for Lehman Brothers from 2000 to 2003 as an Analyst in the investment banking division. Mr. Baer graduated from Georgetown University
with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration as a finance major. 

33 

Jordan S. Bloom , our
Vice President since February 2021, has been a Vice President at Trimaran since 2021 and has been an investment professional at the firm
since 2019. Prior to joining Trimaran in 2019, Mr. Bloom was the Managing Partner of South Ave Capital, a specialty finance and asset-backed
investment manager that he founded in 2017. Prior to founding South Ave Capital, Mr. Bloom was an investment professional at Aristeia
Capital, a multi-billion dollar, multi-strategy investment fund. While there, Mr. Bloom focused on distressed credit and special situation
investments, between 10 million and 200 million in size, across a wide range of industries. Mr. Bloom previously worked as a research
analyst on the Special Situations Desk at the Royal Bank of Scotland. Additionally, Mr. Bloom sits on the Board of Advisors for Triphammer
Ventures and Entrepreneurship at Cornell. Mr. Bloom graduated cum laude from Cornell University with a B.S. in Finance, and from Columbia
Business School with an M.B.A. Jordan S. Bloom is the son of Jay R. Bloom, our Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

Hillel Weinberger, 
one of our directors since February 2021, has since 2010 been a Principal of HLA, a privately-owned venture capital firm. Prior to this,
from 2007 to the present, Mr. Weinberger has been co-founder of Hillmark Capital Management, L.P., and before this was a Senior Vice-President
of Loews/CNA Holdings, a property and casualty insurance company, from 1988 to 2006. Prior thereto he was a Senior Vice-President of Presidential
Life, from 1982 to1988. He has served on the boards of Global Crossing Ltd. (telecommunications; NYSE: GX) from 1997 to 2000, where he
chaired the Audit Committee, and News Communications, Inc. (newspaper and magazine publishing) from 1990 to1993. Mr. Weinberger attended
Temple University and the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. He is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his investment, operational
and board experience. 

Marc Mazur, one of
our directors since February 2021, has served as an Industry Advisor for Brightwood Capital Advisors, LLC, a private debt fund, since
2014. From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Mazur served as the Chief Executive Officer of Brevan Howard U.S. Asset Management, a London-based global
macro hedge fund, and a senior advisor of this company until 2010. From 2010 through December 2019, Mr. Mazur has served as a member of
the board of directors for Fibrocell Science, Inc. (Nasdaq: FCSC), an autologous cell and gene therapy company. Mr. Mazur also served
as chairman of the audit committee and a member of the valuation committee of Sutter Rock Capital (Nasdaq: SSSS), a business development
company that invests in late-stage venture-backed private companies since 2017. He served a senior advisor to Tsinghua Venture Capital
from 2001 to 2005. Mr. Mazur served as a Vice President at Salomon Brothers, Inc from 1984 to 1987 and served as a Vice President in the
Fixed Income Division of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ("Goldman from 1987 until 1996, and served as a consultant for Goldman
from 1997 to 1999. Between 2010 and 2014, he served as a director of Staywell Health and as a director of DeVilbiss Health, private companies
in the wellness and medical device fields. Mr. Mazur received his B.A. in Political Science from Columbia University and a J.D. from Villanova
University School of Law. He is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his senior executive-level experience in finance, healthcare
consulting and business strategy, as well as his board experience. 

James W. Harpel, one
of our directors since February 2021, is a Co-Founder and senior partner of Two Roads Development, a substantial real estate development
company in Florida He is responsible for the general oversight of the firm and chairs the Investment Committee for the Company. He is
also a non-active general partner and one of the founders of First Reserve Corporation since 1981, which manages a series of private equity
funds in the energy, power, and related infrastructure businesses. From 2001 to 2017, he was also a General Partner of Palm Beach Capital,
which invests in, and builds medium sized companies. Mr. Harpel is also an active entrepreneur and is involved in a series of ventures
ranging from a revolutionary vaccine company to a fintech mortgage software company. He has also been involved over many years as a principal
in a series of private equity deals ranging from leveraged buyouts to venture capital companies. Mr. Harpel attended Harvard College (1959)
and graduated from Harvard Business School in 1960 with high distinction. Mr. Harpel served on the Board of the Kennedy School at Harvard
for over 40 years and is currently a member of the Board of Directors at the Belfer Center at the Kennedy School. He also served on the
Dana Farber Cancer Institute Board for several years. Mr. Harpel has an Endowed Chair at the Kennedy School. He is currently on the Executive
Committee of the Kravis Center in West Palm Beach and is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. In addition, Mr. Harpel is
a recipient of the 2019 Ellis Island Medal of Honor. He is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his broad experience investing
in publicly-held and private companies. 

34 

Prior Blank Check Company Experience 

All members of our management
team, except Arthur D. Baer and Jordan S. Bloom, were also part of the management team of GX Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company which went public in May 2019 after raising 287,500,000 in its initial public offering, including exercise of the over-allotment
option. In January 2021, GX Acquisition Corp. announced that it entered into a merger agreement with Celularity Inc., a leader in cellular
therapeutics, focused on placenta-derived cell therapy used to target multiple diseases. The merger was closed on July 21, 2021. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have five directors. Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Hillel Weinberger, will expire at the annual meeting of the stockholders to be held in 2025 or
until his successor is appointed and qualified. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Marc Mazur and James
W. Harpel will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting
of Jay R. Bloom and Dean C. Kehler will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules
and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors,
and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Hillel Weinberger, Marc Mazur, and James Harpel serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr.
Mazur chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three
members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Mr. Weinberger, Mr. Mazur, and Mr. Harpel meets the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Marc Mazur qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

35 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Hillel Weinberger and James Harpel serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must
be independent. Mr. Weinberger and Mr. Harpel are independent and Mr. Weinberger chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluations; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special prerequisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

36 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 20,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the
responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors
who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Hillel Weinberger, Marc Mazur, and James Harpel.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we
do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters are available
at our website (https://gx-acq.com/gx-ii/). In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from
us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.
These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

37 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

None of our officers has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of the Registration Statement, we have agreed to pay an affiliate
of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of
our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any
finder s fee, advisory fee, reimbursement or consulting fee, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors,
or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.
Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly
audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments
to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 23, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 37,500,000 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 30,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii)
7,500,000 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of February 23, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except
as required by law, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like). 

38 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 GX Sponsor II LLC (3) 

7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Jay R. Bloom (3) 

7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Dean C. Kehler (3) 

7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Michael G. Maselli (4) 

Andrea J. Kellett (4) 

Hillel Weinberger (4) 

Marc Mazur (4) 

James W. Harpel (4) 

Arthur D. Baer (4) 

Jordan S. Bloom (4) 

All executive officers and directors as a group (9 individuals) 

7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Greater than 5 Beneficial Owners 

Linden Advisors LP (5) 
 1,500,000 
 5.0 

4.0 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC (6) 
 1,735,774 
 5.9 

4.7 
 
 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (7) 
 1,500,000 
 5.0 

4.0 
 
 Group consisting of Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP, et. al. (8) . 
 1,800,000 
 6.0 

4.8 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o GX Acquisition Corp. II, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, 28 th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the time of our initial business combination, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Cooper Road, LLC, an entity controlled by Jay R. Bloom, and Dean C. Kehler, our co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers, are the managing members of our sponsor, and as such Messrs. Bloom and Kehler have voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 Each of these individuals hold an interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 2, 2022, respectively, the listed shares of Class A common stock are owned by Linden Capital L.P., a Bermuda limited partnership Linden Capital ),and one or more separately managed accounts. Linden GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Linden GP is the general partner of Linden Capital, and Linden Advisors LP Linden Advisors is the investment manager of Linden Capital and trading advisor or investment advisor for the managed accounts. Mr. Siu Min Wong is the principal owner and controlling person of Linden Advisors and Linden GP. As of December 31, 2022, each of Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,500,000 shares. This amount consists of 1,408,717 shares held by Linden Capital and 91,283 shares held by separately managed accounts. The principal business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The principal business address for each of Linden Advisors, Linden GP and Siu Min Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

39 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G and Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 14, 2022 and January 27, 2023, respectively, the listed shares of Class A common stock are owned by Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial and one or more separately managed accounts (the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners LP Magnetar Capital Partners serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management LLC Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is Alec N. Litowitz. Effective October 24, 2022, Alec N. Litowitz was replaced by David J. Snyderman as Chief Executive Officer of Magnetar Financial and the manager of Supernova Management. Mr. Litowitz is no longer a beneficial owner of any of the shares of common stock held by the Magnetar Funds. The principal business address for of each of Magnetar Financial, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management, and David J. Snyderman is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, the listed shares of Class A common stock are owned by Fir Tree Capital Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, located at 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036, who has the sole voting and dispositive power over the shares so held. 
 
 (8) 
 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC
 on December 14, 2021, the listed shares of Class A common stock are directly held by Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP ASPIF
 II (holding 1,180,500 shares underlying units), Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund, Ltd. CEOF (holding 433,650 shares
 underlying units), and Corbin Opportunity Fund, L.P. COF (holding 185,850 shares underlying units). Atalaya Capital Management
 LP ACM is the investment manager of ASPIF II, which has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all shares held
 by ASPIF II. Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. CCP is the investment manager for CEOF and COF, which has the power to vote
 and direct the disposition of all shares held by CEOF and COF. Each of Corbin Capital Partners GP, LLC Corbin GP and Corbin
 Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ), may be deemed the beneficial owner of 619,500 shares underlying units, which amount includes
 (i) the 433,650 shares underlying units beneficially owned by CEOF, and (ii) the 185,850 shares underlying units beneficially owned by
 COF. ASPIF II, ACM, CEOF, Corbin GP, CCP, and COF may be deemed members of a group, as defined in Rule 13d-5 under the Act, with respect
 to the total number of 1,800,000 shares. The address of the principal business office of each of ASPIF II and ACM is One Rockefeller Plaza,
 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. The address of the principal business office of each of CEOF, Corbin GP, CCPG, CCP, and COF is 590 Madison
 Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In October 2020, our sponsor
paid for offering costs totaling 25,000 in exchange for 10,062,500 founder shares, or approximately 0.003 per share. In February 2021,
our sponsor returned to us, at no cost, an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares which we cancelled, resulting in an aggregate of 8,625,000
founder shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares that
were subject to forfeiture by the sponsor. In May 2021, the underwriter s over-allotment option expired, and as a result, 1,125,000 founder
shares were forfeited. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our sponsor has purchased
an aggregate of 5,666,667 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,500,000. Each private placement warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private placement warrants are not redeemable
by the Company so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Company and the sponsor have entered into
a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares.
Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, holders of the forgoing securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

40 

Our anchor investors purchased
an aggregate of 18 million of the units in our initial public offering at the offering price. Each anchor investor has agreed with our
sponsor that, if such anchor investor (a) does not own the number of shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units it purchased
in our initial public offering (such number of shares referred to as such anchor investor s initial share allocation (i) at the time of any stockholder vote with respect to an initial business combination or (ii) on the business day immediately prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, (b) redeems all or a portion of such shares of Class A common stock in connection
with an initial business combination such that as of the time of such initial business combination it does not own a number of shares
at least equal to its initial share allocation or (c) fails to vote any of such shares in favor of our initial business combination, the
allocation of founder shares to such anchor investor will be reduced proportionately based on the percentage of such anchor investor s
initial share allocation the anchor investor does not own, has redeemed or fails to vote in favor of our initial business combination.
In addition, our anchor investors have agreed that, if our sponsor s managing member deems it necessary in order to facilitate an
initial business combination for our sponsor to forfeit, transfer, exchange or amend the terms of all or any portion of its founder shares
or private placement warrants or to enter into any other arrangements with respect to such securities, our anchor investors will be subject
to the same changes on a pro rata basis. The anchor investors have not been granted any material additional stockholder or other rights,
and are issued membership interests in our sponsor with no right to control our sponsor or vote or dispose of their allocable founder
shares or private placement warrants (which will continue to be held by our sponsor until following our initial business combination).
Further, the anchor investors are not required to: (i) other than as described above, hold any units, shares or warrants they may purchase
in our initial public offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote any shares they may own at the applicable time in favor
of our initial business combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial
business combination. 

Our anchor investors are not
required to vote their public shares in favor of any initial business combination. Since our anchor investors will not receive the founder
shares to which they are entitled until the closing of our initial business combination, they will not be able to vote such shares prior
to the closing of our initial business combination. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. 

Commencing on the date of
the Registration Statement, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 240,000 and paid 220,000 in fees
for these services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have
a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that
will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
activities on our behalf. 

On September 24, 2020, our
sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 500,000 to cover expenses related to our initial public offering pursuant to
a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021, or the
completion of the initial public offering. As of March 22, 2021, there was 217,854 outstanding under the Note, which was due on demand.
The outstanding balance under the Note of 217,854 was subsequently repaid on March 23, 2021. Borrowings under the promissory Note are
no longer available. 

41 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of the Company s directors
and officers may, but are not obligated to, provide Working Capital Loans to the Company. If the Company completes a business combination,
the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working
Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the
trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of
a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. On November 14, 2022 and January 10, 2023, the Company issued two unsecured promissory notes in the
principal amount of 250,000 and 235,000, respectively, to the sponsor for working capital purposes. The notes are non-interest bearing,
not convertible and payable on the earlier of: (i) March 22, 2023 or, if the Company has extended, in accordance with its organizational
documents, the deadline by which it must complete its initial business combination, then such date, as extended by which the Company must
complete the business combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the business combination. As of December 31, 2022
and February 23, 2023, the outstanding Working Capital Loans were 250,000 and 485,000, respectively. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into indemnification
agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted
under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of
any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

The Company and the sponsor
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of
working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the
founder shares. 

Related Party Policy 

We have adopted a formal policy
for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed,
approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code of
ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board
of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics,
conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum.
Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party
transaction. A form of the audit committee charter is available at our website (https://qx-acq.com/gx-ii/). We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related
party transactions. 

42 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from independent investment banking
firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our
company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any
payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors, or any of their respective
affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments have been, or
will be, made to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of 500,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 20,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of Working Capital Loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, or advisors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Hillel Weinberger, Marc Mazur, and James Harpel are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

43 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that
are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services
rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the interim financial information included in our Forms 10-Q
for the respective periods and related services that are normally provided in connection with registration statements, including
comfort letters and consents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 162,740 and 69,590,
respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did not
pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees .
We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has pre-approved and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the
audit). 

44 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-26 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and
copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such
material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed
rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

45 

GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F- 5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-26 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

GX Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of GX Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant costs and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations and the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

, New York 

February 23, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 688 

F- 2 

GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; subject to possible redemption at per share and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding (excluding 30,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option 

Warrant transaction costs 

Total other income, net 

(Loss) Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class
A 
Common Stock 
 Class
B 
Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Remeasurement for Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Excess cash received over the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement for Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option 

Warrant transaction costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise taxes and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Supplemental information 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, GX Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account which have been invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out
as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders,
as described below. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees in the event of the consummation of the Transaction,
as defined below, due to a fee reduction as described in Note 6) and of other offering costs. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if
the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to the Company s warrants. 

either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will,
pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company
seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in
Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with
respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company
provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which
will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

). 

F- 9 

, with the applicable exercise price adjusted accordingly. 

F- 10 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

of cash in its operating
bank accounts and working capital deficit of , which excludes of income earned on the Trust Account, which may be
used to pay franchise and income taxes payable. The deficit was primarily due to legal accruals of approximately million which are
to be paid upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

and , respectively, to the sponsor for working capital purposes.
The notes are non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of: (i) March 22, 2023 or, if the Company has extended, in accordance with
its organizational documents, the deadline by which it must complete its initial business combination, then such date, as extended by
which the Company must complete the business combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the business combination.
As of December 31, 2022 and February 23, 2023, the outstanding working capital loans were and , respectively. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

of interest income from the Trust Account to pay certain tax obligations. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

F- 13 

and for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant liabilities and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax
assets. 

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted (loss) income per common share, since
the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not
have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in
the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per common share is the same as basic net (loss) income per common
share for the periods presented. 

F- 14 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 9). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant in the aggregate). The fair value of the warrants as of the Initial Public Offering was . The excess cash received
over the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was and is reflected in additional paid-in capital on the statements of
changes in stockholders deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added
to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

F- 15 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ).
In February 2021, the Sponsor returned to the Company, at no cost, Founder Shares, which were canceled, resulting in an aggregate
of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares that were subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor. In May 2021, the underwriter s over-allotment option expired, and as a result, Founder Shares were forfeited. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred in fees for these services, of which is included in accrued expenses of the Company s accompanying balance
sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the completion of the Initial
Public Offering. As of March 22, 2021, there was outstanding under the Note, which was due on demand. The outstanding balance
under the Note of was subsequently repaid on March 23, 2021. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are no longer available. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

and , respectively, to the sponsor for working
capital purposes. The notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of: (i) March 22, 2023 or, if the Company has extended,
in accordance with its organizational documents, the deadline by which it must complete its Business Combination, then such date, as extended
by which the Company must complete the Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the Business Combination.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and of Working Capital Loans outstanding, respectively. As of February 23, 2023,
there was of Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

F- 16 

NioCorp Common Shares. As a result, each Non-Redeeming Public Stockholder will ultimately be
issued NioCorp Common Shares. Upon consummation of the Second Merger, each of the First Merger Class A Shares will be converted into 
shares of Class A common stock of the Company (each, a Second Merger Class A Share ), as the surviving company in the Second
Merger. 

F- 17 

shares of Class
B common stock of the Company (each, a Second Merger Class B Share ), as the surviving company in the Second Merger. Each
Second Merger Class B Share will be exchangeable into NioCorp Common Shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain equitable adjustments,
in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement (further described below). 

, with the applicable exercise price adjusted accordingly. 

(the Base Termination Fee ). Such specified circumstances include, among others,
termination of the Business Combination Agreement by NioCorp in order to enter into an agreement providing for a superior proposal, termination
by the Company for a change of recommendation of the NioCorp Board, or a material breach of certain of NioCorp s covenants relating
to soliciting acquisition proposals. 

(the Intentional Breach Termination Fee ). Such specified circumstances
include, among others, termination by the Company as a result of a willful and material breach by NioCorp such that certain conditions
to Closing would not be satisfied at Closing (subject to a cure period), or as a result of NioCorp s failure to consummate the closing
of the Transaction within five business days after all the conditions to Closing have been satisfied and the Company has irrevocably confirmed
in writing that it is prepared to consummate the Closing. 

F- 18 

. 

per share divided
by (as adjusted for stock splits (including the reverse stock split), recapitalizations and similar events) for 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing Date or (b) the date on which NioCorp completes a
liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or similar transaction that results in all of NioCorp s shareholders
having the right to exchange their NioCorp Common Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 19 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. On September 6, 2022, the
Company entered into a fee reduction agreement with the underwriters where the underwriters have agreed to forfeit of the aggregate
 deferred fee contingent upon the Closing. Upon the Closing, the deferred fee will be paid to the underwriters as follows:
(1) in cash from the amounts held in the Trust Account and (2) in NioCorp Common Shares, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 

F- 20 

shares of Class A common stock, par value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, which are subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary
equity. 

shares of preferred stock, par value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preferred
shares issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class B common stock, par value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. In May 2021, shares were forfeited as a result of the
expiration of the underwriter s over-allotment option. 

vote for each share. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus
all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent
warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 21 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination
on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

public warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

F- 22 

Startup/Organization expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

and , respectively. 

F- 23 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option 

Warrant transaction costs 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 24 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liability public warrants 
 1 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

Trading days per year 

Term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock Price 

F- 25 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Transfer to Level 1 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. There were no other transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

units at the Initial
Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The over-allotment option was classified as a liability under ASC 480 and measured
at fair value at inception. Changes in fair value of were recognized and presented in the statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment option before the expiration date and as a result, 
Founder Shares were forfeited, and the over-allotment option liability was derecognized. 

to the sponsor for working capital purpose. This note is non-interest bearing and
payable on the earlier of: (i) March 22, 2023 or, if the Company has extended, in accordance with its organizational documents, the deadline
by which it must complete its initial business combination, then such date, as extended by which the Company must complete the business
combination, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. 

F- 26 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among the Registrant and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as representative of the several underwriters (3) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among GX Acquisition Corp. II, NioCorp Developments Ltd. and Big Red Merger Sub Ltd (4) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (7) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among the Registrant, its officers, its directors and GX Sponsor II, LLC (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 24, 2020, issued to GX Sponsor II, LLC (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among the Company and GX Sponsor II, LLC (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Company and GX Sponsor II, LLC (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Company and GX Sponsor II, LLC (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and BTIG LLC (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated September 24, 2020, between the Registrant and GX Sponsor II LLC (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 GXII Support Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among GX Acquisition Corp. II, NioCorp Developments Ltd., GX Sponsor II LLC, in its capacity as a shareholder of GX Acquisition Corp. II, and certain other shareholders of GX Acquisition Corp. II (4) 
 
 10.11 
 
 NioCorp Support Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among GX Acquisition Corp. II, NioCorp Developments Ltd. and certain shareholders of NioCorp Developments Ltd. (4) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 14, 2022, issued by GX Acquisition Corp. II to GX Sponsor II LLC. (5) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 10, 2023, issued by GX Acquisition Corp. II to GX Sponsor II LLC. (6) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (2) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.3 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data file (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 29, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February
23, 2023 
 GX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jay R. Bloom 

Name: 
 Jay R. Bloom 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dean C. Kehler 

Name: 
 Dean C. Kehler 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jay R. Bloom 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 Jay R. Bloom 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dean C.
 Kehler 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 Dean C. Kehler 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Andrea J.
 Kellett 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 Andrea J. Kellett 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Hillel Weinberger 
 
 Director 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 Hillel Weinberger 

/s/ Marc Mazur 
 
 Director 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 Marc Mazur 

/s/ James W.
 Harpel 
 
 Director 
 
 February
23, 2023 
 
 James W. Harpel 

47 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1gxacquisition2.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of NioCorp Developments Ltd. on Form S-4 [FILE NO. 333-268227] of our report dated February 23, 2023 which
includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the
financial statements of GX Acquisition Corp. II as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which
report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, New York 

 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE15d-14(a) 

I, Jay R. Bloom, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jay R. Bloom 

Jay R. Bloom 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE15d-14(a) 

I, Dean C. Kehler, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dean C. Kehler 

Dean C. Kehler 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-3gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE15d-14(a) 

I, Andrea J. Kellett, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrea J. Kellett 

Andrea J. Kellett 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jay R. Bloom, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jay R. Bloom 

Jay R. Bloom 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dean C. Kehler, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dean C. Kehler 

Dean C. Kehler 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-3gxacquisition2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICTION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of GX Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Andrea J. Kellett, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrea J. Kellett 

Andrea J. Kellett 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gxii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gxii-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gxii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gxii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gxii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

