<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1637880_0001637880-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11960943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>452230</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1948371</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3895544</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3151778</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2325732</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001637880-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310120659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001637880-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tri-State Generation & Transmission Association, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001637880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				840464189
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-203560
		FILM NUMBER:		23722607

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WEST 116TH AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-452-6111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WEST 116TH AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001637880-23-000006.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 tris-20221231.htm
 10-K

tris-20221231 
 
 Table of C ontents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
 organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification 
 number) 
 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes (Note: The registrant is not subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), but voluntarily files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant: NONE. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock . The registrant is a membership corporation and has authorized or outstanding equity securities. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of C ontents 

 TRI-STATE GENERATION AND TRANSMISSION ASSOCIATION, INC. 
 Index to 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Item Number Page Part I 
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 2. 
 Properties 
 38 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Part II 
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 6. 
 Reserved 
 40 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 87 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 87 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Part III 
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 94 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 101 
 Part IV 
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Signatures 
 107 

i 

Table of C ontents 

 GLOSSARY 
 The following abbreviations and acronyms used in this annual report on Form 10-K are defined below: 
 Abbreviations or Acronyms Definition 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2022, between us and CFC, as administrative agent AQCC Colorado Air Quality Control Commission Basin Basin Electric Power Cooperative Board Board of Directors CAISO California Independent System Operator CDPHE Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment CERCLA, or Superfund Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended 
 CFC National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation Clean Water Act Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended CO 2 
 carbon dioxide CoBank CoBank, ACB Colowyo Coal Colowyo Coal Company L.P., a subsidiary of ours COPUC Colorado Public Utilities Commission Corps U.S. Army Corps of Engineers COVID-19 coronavirus disease 2019 that was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020 Craig Station Craig Generating Station D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DM/NFR Denver Metropolitan/North Front Range DSR Debt Service Ratio (as defined in our Master Indenture) ECR Equity to Capitalization Ratio (as defined in our Master Indenture) Elk Ridge Elk Ridge Mining and Reclamation, LLC, a subsidiary of ours EMS Environmental Management System EPA Environmental Protection Agency Escalante Station Escalante Generating Station FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Fitch Fitch Ratings Inc. FPA Federal Power Act, as amended GAAP accounting principles generally accepted in the United States IRS Internal Revenue Service Jurisdictional PDO our Petition for Declaratory Order on Jurisdiction under Part II of Federal Power Act, filed with FERC on December 23, 2019, EL20-16-000 
 kWh kilowatt hour LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LPEA La Plata Electric Association, Inc. MACT maximum achievable control technology Master Indenture Master First Mortgage Indenture, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement, dated effective as of December 15, 1999, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee 
 MBPP Missouri Basin Power Project Members our Utility Members and Non-Utility Members Moody s Moody s Investors Services, Inc. MPEI Mountain Parks Electric, Inc. 
 ii 

Table of C ontents 

 MRO Midwestern Reliability Organization MW megawatt MWh megawatt hour NAAQS National Ambient Air Quality Standard NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation Non-Utility Members our non-utility members NO X 
 nitrogen oxide NRECA National Rural Electric Cooperative Association NRPPD Northwest Rural Public Power District OATT Open Access Transmission Tariff OSMRE Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement PCB polychlorinated biphenyl PNM Public Service Company of New Mexico ppb parts per billion PSCO Public Service Company of Colorado PURPA Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended RES Renewable Energy Standard RPS Renewable Portfolio Standard RS Plan National Rural Electric Cooperative Association Retirement Security Plan Salt River Project Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District S P S P Global Ratings SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SIP State Implementation Plan SO 2 
 sulfur dioxide SPP Southwest Power Pool, Inc. Springerville Partnership Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP, a subsidiary of ours Springerville Unit 3 Springerville Generating Station Unit 3 TEP Tucson Electric Power Company Term SOFR the implied rate on the future movement in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or SOFR") over a future reference period Tri-State, We, Our, Us, the Association Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. United Power United Power, Inc. USFWS U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Utility Members our electric distribution member systems, consisting of both Class A members and Class B members WACM Western Area Colorado Missouri WAPA Western Area Power Administration (a power marketing agency of the U.S. Department of Energy) 
 WECC Western Electricity Coordinating Council WOTUS Waters of the United States Yampa Project Craig Station Units 1 and 2 and related common facilities 
 
 iii 

Table of C ontents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate to occur in the future, including matters such as the timing of various regulatory and other actions, future capital expenditures, business strategy, member withdraws, and development, construction, operation, or closure of facilities (often, but not always, identified through the use of words or phrases such as will likely result, is expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimated, forecasted, projection, target and outlook are forward looking statements. 
 Although we believe that in making these forward looking statements our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any forward looking statement involves uncertainties and there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. 
 iv 

Table of C ontents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. is a taxable wholesale electric power generation and transmission cooperative operating on a not for profit basis. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado in 1952 as a cooperative corporation. We were formed by our Utility Members for the purpose of providing wholesale power and transmission services to our Utility Members for their resale of the power to their retail consumers. Our 42 Utility Members serve large portions of Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. 
 We are owned entirely by our 45 Members. Thirty-eight of our Members are not-for-profit, electric distribution cooperative associations. Four Members are public power districts, which are political subdivisions of the State of Nebraska. We also have three Non-Utility Members. The retail service territories of our Utility Members cover approximately 200,000 square miles and their customers include suburban and rural residences, farms and ranches, and large and small businesses and industries. Our Utility Members serve approximately 628,000 retail electric meters. Our Utility Members are the sole state-certified providers of electric service to retail (residential and business) customers within their designated service territories. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 West 116th Avenue, Westminster, Colorado 80234. Our telephone number is (303) 452 6111. Our website is www.tristate.coop. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is filed with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into and should not be considered to be part of this annual report. 
 Cooperative Structure 
 A cooperative is a business entity owned by its members. As organizations acting on a not-for-profit basis, cooperatives provide or purchase property, products or services to their members on a cost-effective basis, in part by eliminating the need to produce profits or a return on equity in excess of required margins. Cooperatives generally establish rates to recover their cost and to collect a portion of revenues in excess of expenses, which constitute margins. Margins not yet distributed to members in cash constitute patronage capital, a cooperative s principal source of equity. Patronage capital is held for the account of the members without interest and returned when the board of directors deems it appropriate to do so. The timing and amount of any actual return of capital to the members depends on the financial goals of the cooperative, current and projected capital expenditures, and the cooperative s loan and security agreements. 
 Electric distribution cooperatives form generation and transmission cooperatives, such as us, to acquire power supply resources, typically through the construction of facilities or the development of other power purchase arrangements, at a lower cost than if they were acquiring those resources alone. 
 FERC Jurisdictional 
 On September 3, 2019, we became regulated as a public utility under Part II of the FPA when we admitted a Non-Utility Member, MIECO, Inc. (a non-governmental/non-electric cooperative entity), as a new Member/owner. 
 In December 2019, we filed a set of tariff filings, including our stated rate cost of service to our Utility Members, our wholesale electric service contracts, our Bylaws, certain Board policies, market-based rate authorization, and our transmission OATT. In March 2020, FERC issued orders generally accepting our tariff filings, subject to refund for sales after March 26, 2020, and recognized that we became FERC jurisdictional on September 3, 2019. FERC did not determine that our Utility Member rates and transmission service rates were just and reasonable and ordered FPA section 206 proceedings to determine the justness and reasonableness of our rates. Our rates were referred to administrative law judges to encourage settlement of material issues and to hold hearings if settlements were not reached. With the exception of four reserved issues, in August 2021, FERC approved a settlement agreement related to our Utility Member rates, including our stated rate cost of service to our Utility Members, our wholesale electric service contracts, our Bylaws, and certain Board policie s. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, we have agreed to file a new rate schedule to our Utility Members after May 31, 2023. In addition, in March 2022, FERC approved a settlement agreement related to our transmission service rates. Se e " RATE REGULATION" and "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 1 

Table of C ontents 

 In 2020, we filed our buy-down payment methodology for a Class A - utility full requirements member to become a Class B - utility partial requirements member. FERC accepted our buy-down payment methodology, subject to refund. FERC referred it to FERC's hearing and settlement procedures. In December 2022, FERC rejected a proposed settlement agreement that we filed in April 2022 related to our buy-down payment methodology because United Power contested it. A hearing on our buy-down payment methodology is scheduled to start on October 24, 2023. 
 In September 2021, we filed our modified contract termination payment methodology associated with a Utility Member terminating its wholesale electric service contract with us. FERC accepted our modified contract termination payment methodology, subject to refund. FERC set the matter for hearing and instituted a FPA section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified contract termination payment methodology. A hearing on our modified contract termination payment methodology occurred in May 2022 and in September 2022, the administrative law judge issued an initial decision. Exceptions to the initial decision were filed by various parties, including us, and the matter is now pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision. We have received notices from three of our Utility Member of their intent to withdraw from membership in us and terminate their respective wholesale electric service contract. United Power and NRPPD provided us notices in April 2022, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. MPEI provided us a notice in January 2023, with a February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. See " MEMBERS Relationship with Members." 
 Responsible Energy Plan 
 In January 2020, we announced our Responsible Energy Plan, which will advance our clean energy transition. Some of the highlights of the Responsible Energy Plan include: 
 eliminating all emissions from our coal-fired generating facilities in Colorado and New Mexico by 2030; 
 by 2025, 50 percent of the electricity our Utility Members use is expected to come from clean energy sources; 
 more local renewables for Utility Members through contract flexibility; 
 promoting participation in a regional transmission organization; and 
 expanding electric vehicle infrastructure and beneficial electrification. 
 Power Supply and Transmission 
 We supply and transmit our Utility Members electric power requirements through a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long-term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases. We own, lease, have undivided percentage interests in, or have long-term purchase contracts with respect to various generating facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our diverse generation portfolio provides us with maximum available power of 4,355 MWs and is summarized in the table below: 
 Generation Portfolio (as of December 31, 2022) 
 Capacity Percentage (MW) ) Coal-fired base load facilities 1,551 36 Renewables-contracts, including WAPA 1,366 31 Gas/oil-fired facilities 822 19 Other contracts, including Basin 616 14 
 We have also executed six solar-based power purchase contracts totaling 735 MWs for facilities that are expected to achieve commercial operation in 2024. In January 2020, we announced the early retirement of Craig Station by 2030. In January 2022, we reached a comprehensive settlement agreement related to our Revised Preferred Plan filed with the COPUC in connection with Phase I of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan that sets emissions reduction targets for our wholesale electricity sales in Colorado that became effective on April 18, 2022. In May 2022, Phase II of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan was initiated with the issuance of a request for proposals for new renewable, storage, and hybrid technology resources for 2025-2026 emission-free generation. Phase II modeling filed with the COPUC in February 2023 indicates selection of 200 MWs of new wind resources for 2026, subject to COPUC approval. See " POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES" and "PROPERTIES" for a description of our long-term purchase contracts and our generating facilities, including retirements of our generating facilities, and our resource plan. 
 2 

Table of C ontents 

 After the retirement of Craig Station Unit 1 and the addition of new renewable generating resources, as of December 31, 2027, we anticipate our generation portfolio to be the following: 
 Anticipated Generation Portfolio (as of December 31, 2027) Capacity Percentage (MW) ) Renewables-contracts, including WAPA (1) 2,476 46 Coal-fired base load facilities 1,449 27 Gas/oil-fired facilities 822 15 Other contracts, including Basin 616 12 _____________________________________ 
 (1) 200 MWs of resource needed through 2027, based upon our Revised Preferred Plan modeled in Phase II of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan. 
 In addition to our diverse generation portfolio, as permitted by our wholesale electric service contracts with our Utility Members, as of December 31, 2022, our Utility Members own or control through long-term purchase power contracts approximately 131 MWs of operating distributed or renewable capacity that is used to deliver energy to our Utility Members customers. 
 We transmit power to our Utility Members through resources that we own, lease or have undivided percentage interests in, or by wheeling power across lines owned by other transmission providers. We have ownership or capacity interests in approximately 5,849 miles of transmission lines and own or have major equipment ownership in 422 substations and switchyards. See "PROPERTIES" for a description of our transmission facilities. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Employees are our most valuable resource and we endeavor to attract, develop, motivate and retain a diverse workforce and to develop, implement and support policies and programs that assist in this effort. We encourage superior performance by recognition and reward for employee ability and performance. As a cooperative, we do not have publicly traded stock and as a result do not have equity based compensation programs. We compensate our employees through use of a total rewards package that includes base salary or hourly wages, retirement benefits, and health and welfare programs. Base salary and hourly wages are based upon performance and national salary data provided by various surveys, which include data from the labor market for positions with similar responsibilities. 
 We are committed to helping employees grow by offering training and development opportunities that support their progress. We encourage life-long learning and support this through on-the-job training, tuition reimbursement, apprenticeships and summer internships. We are also committed to the Cooperative Principle of Commitment to Community and provide opportunities for employees to contribute to various community programs and events as well as offer a paid volunteer day-off for employees to give back in their own communities. 
 We are committed to providing a respectful, safe and welcoming workplace where all employees unique ideas and experiences are recognized. We facilitate this environment through open, honest communication and compliance with our Ethical Conduct and Conflict of Interest program. As we move toward a sustainable future, we are also working toward a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture for our current and future employees. 
 We recognize employee safety and health as a corporate value that is at the core of how we do business. We believe injuries and illness are preventable and have committed to supporting our employees with the tools, knowledge and empowerment to complete their work safely and successfully. We regularly review our safety and health programs and implement actions with the goal of continually improving our safety and health performance. 
 Our average employee tenure across our organization was 11 years. In 2022, our turnover was 16.8 percent, an increase from 15.4 percent in 2021. Retirements accounted for 4.9 percent of the turnover, and a reduction in force accounted for 3.2 percent of the turnover. 
 Including our subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,105 people, of which 215 were subject to collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2022, none of these collective bargaining agreements will expire within one year. In 2022, our number of employees decreased by approximately 7 percent due to cost reduction efforts and other factors. Since 2016, our number of employees has decreased by approximately 30 percent due to the closure of certain facilities, 
 3 

Table of C ontents 

 cost reduction efforts and other factors. We expect the number of employees to further decrease materially by 2030 with the closure of additional facilities by 2030. We supplement our workforce as needed through use of contingent workers. 
 
 MEMBERS 
 General 
 We have three classes of membership: Class A - utility full requirements members, Class B - utility partial requirements members, and non-utility members. We currently have no Class B members, and therefore all our Utility Members are currently Class A members. Our Utility Members provide electric services, consisting of power supply and distribution services, to residential, commercial, industrial and agricultural customers primarily in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. Our Utility Members businesses involve the operation of substations, transformers and electric lines that deliver power to their customers. We currently have 42 Utility Members. Our Utility Members and the states within which they primarily provide electric service are as follows: 
 Colorado: Empire Electric Association, Inc. San Isabel Electric Association, Inc. Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc. San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. Highline Electric Association San Miguel Power Association, Inc. K.C. Electric Association Sangre de Cristo Electric Association, Inc. La Plata Electric Association, Inc. Southeast Colorado Power Association Morgan County Rural Electric Association United Power, Inc. Mountain Parks Electric, Inc. White River Electric Association, Inc. Mountain View Electric Association, Inc. Y-W Electric Association, Inc. Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc. 
 Nebraska: Chimney Rock Public Power District Panhandle Rural Electric Membership Association The Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation Roosevelt Public Power District Northwest Rural Public Power District Wheat Belt Public Power District 
 New Mexico: Central New Mexico Electric Cooperative, Inc. Otero County Electric Cooperative, Inc. Columbus Electric Cooperative, Inc. Sierra Electric Cooperative, Inc. Continental Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. Socorro Electric Cooperative, Inc. Jemez Mountains Electric Cooperative, Inc. Southwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. Mora-San Miguel Electric Cooperative, Inc. Springer Electric Cooperative, Inc. Northern Rio Arriba Electric Cooperative, Inc. 
 Wyoming: Big Horn Rural Electric Company High West Energy, Inc. Carbon Power Light, Inc. Niobrara Electric Association, Inc. Garland Light Power Company Wheatland Rural Electric Association High Plains Power, Inc. Wyrulec Company 
 We also currently have three Non-Utility Members: Ellgen Ranch Company, MIECO, Inc., and Olson s Greenhouses of Colorado, LLC. Ellgen Ranch Company is located in Colorado and is a party to ranch leases with Colowyo Coal. MIECO, Inc. is a California-based company that markets natural gas nationwide and is a major supplier of gas to our natural gas-fired generating facilities. Olson s Greenhouses of Colorado, LLC is headquartered in Utah and conducts business in Colorado. Olson s Greenhouses of Colorado, LLC has a contract to purchase thermal energy from us and reuses the waste steam that is generated from the J.M. Shafer Generating Station to heat its greenhouses. 
 4 

Table of C ontents 

 Bylaws and Classes of Membership 
 Our Bylaws require each Utility Member, unless otherwise specified in a written agreement or the terms of our Bylaws, to purchase from us electric power and energy as provided in the Utility Member's contract with us. This contract is the wholesale electric service contract with each Utility Member, which is an all-requirements contract. Each wholesale electric service contract obligates us to sell and deliver to the Utility Member, and obligates the Utility Member to purchase and receive, at least 95 percent of its electric power requirements from us. 
 Our Bylaws allow our Board to establish one or more classes of membership in addition to the all-requirements class of membership. However, the representation on our Board of any additional classes of membership would be determined by a vote of the Members at a membership meeting. In 2019, our Board established a non-utility membership class and authorized entering into membership agreements with Non-Utility Members. Non-Utility Members, as set forth in the membership agreements with such Non-Utility Members, have a right to vote at membership meetings, have rights to patronage capital, and have rights to liquidation proceeds, but have waived and have no right to representation on our Board. The non-utility membership class is intended to consist of entities that do not purchase power and energy from us and do not operate electric distribution systems. Our Bylaws limit the number of Non-Utility Members to no greater than ten. We currently have three Non-Utility Members. We may add new members in the future. 
 In 2020, our Board established the Class B - utility partial requirements membership class and named the existing all requirements membership class the Class A - utility full requirements members. Both classes of membership are full-requirements transmission members. We currently have 42 Class A members and no Class B members. See MEMBERS Wholesale Electric Service Contracts (Partial Requirements) - Class B members for additional discussion regarding partial requirements. Our Members approved that the Class B members have representation on our Board if such Class B member purchases at least 65 per cent of capacity from us. 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a Member may only withdraw from membership in us upon compliance with such equitable terms and conditions as our Board may prescribe, provided, however, that no Member shall be permitted to withdraw until it has met all its contractual obligations to us. See " MEMBERS Relationship with Members" for additional discussion regarding Member withdrawals. 
 Wholesale Electric Service Contracts (Full Requirements) - Class A members 
 Our revenues are derived primarily from the sale of wholesale electric service to our Utility Members pursuant to long term contracts. These substantially similar contracts with our 42 Utility Members extend through 2050. The wholesale electric service contracts are subject to automatic extension thereafter until either party provides at least two years notice of its intent to terminate. Each contract obligates us to sell and deliver to the Utility Member, and obligates the Utility Member to purchase and receive from us, at least 95 percent of the power it requires for the operation of its system, except for sources such as photovoltaic cells, fuel cells, or others that are not connected to such Utility Member s distribution or transmission system. Each Utility Member may elect to provide up to 5 percent of its requirements from distributed or renewable generation owned or controlled by the Utility Member. As of December 31, 2022, 21 Utility Members have enrolled in this program with capacity totaling approximately 141 MWs of which 131 MWs are in operation. We estimate that in 2022 over a third of the energy our Utility Members used came from clean sources. See also " MEMBERS Responsible Energy Plan" for a description of our clean energy transition. 
 Our Utility Members demand for energy is influenced by seasonal weather conditions. Historically, our peak load conditions have occurred during the months of June through August, when irrigation load is the highest. Our summer peak load conditions depend on summer temperatures and the amount of precipitation during the growing season (generally May through September). Relatively higher summer or lower winter temperatures tend to increase the demand and usage of electricity for heating, air conditioning and irrigation. Mild weather generally reduces the demand and usage of electricity because heating, air conditioning and irrigation systems are operated less frequently. 
 5 

Table of C ontents 

 The table below shows our Utility Members aggregate coincident peak demand for the years 2018 through 2022 and the amount of energy that we supplied them. Our Utility Members 2022 peak demand increased 3.3 percent compared to 2021 and the annual amount of energy we sold to our Utility Members in 2022 increased 5.4 percent compared to 2021. 
 Year Utility Members' Peak Demand (MW) (1) Amount of Energy Sold (MWh) (1) 2022 3,071 16,525,315 2021 2,974 15,676,830 2020 2,896 15,884,777 2019 3,009 16,412,525 2018 2,974 16,384,415 
 _____________________________________ 
 (1) Includes peak demand of and energy sales to Delta-Montrose Electric Association through June 30, 2020. 
 Subject to certain force majeure conditions, we are required under the wholesale electric service contracts to use reasonable diligence to provide a constant and uninterrupted supply of electric service to our Utility Members. If our generation and other sources of supply are inadequate to serve all of our Utility Members demand and we are unable to secure additional sources of supply, we are permitted to interrupt service to our Utility Members in accordance with a written policy established by our Board. We are currently able to provide all the requirements of our Utility Members and intend to construct the necessary facilities or make other arrangements to continue to do so. 
 The wholesale electric service contracts we have with our Utility Members provide that our Utility Members shall pay us for electric service at rates and on the terms and conditions established by our Board at levels sufficient to produce revenues, together with revenues from all other sources, to meet our cost of operation, including reasonable reserves, debt and lease service, and development of our equity. See " RATE REGULATION." Our Utility Members are obligated to pay us monthly for the power, energy and transmission service we supply to them. Revenue from one Utility Member, United Power, comprised 18.4 percent of our Utility Member revenue and 14.7 percent of our operating revenue in 2022. No other Utility Member exceeded 10 percent of our Utility Member revenue or our operating revenue in 2022. Payments due to us under the wholesale electric service contracts are pledged and assigned to secure the obligations secured under our Master Indenture. A Utility Member cannot resell at wholesale any of the electric energy delivered to it under the wholesale electric service contract, unless such resale is approved by our Board or provided for in a schedule to the wholesale electric service contract. 
 The wholesale electric service contracts also provide for us to establish a committee every 5 years to review the wholesale electric service contracts for the purposes of making recommendations to our Board concerning any suggested modifications. The last contract committee regularly met in 2019 and into the first part of 2020 to discuss alternative contracts for our Utility Members, including partial requirements contracts. As part of the contract committee considering alternative contracts with our Utility Members, our Board also authorized the contract committee to consider alternative methods to determine the amount a Utility Member must pay to terminate its wholesale electric service contract and withdraw from membership. The contract committee, consisting of a representative from each Utility Member, recommended to our Board the community solar program, the partial requirements structure, including the buy-down payment methodology, and the methodology to calculate a contract termination payment. 
 The community solar program provides for a Utility Member to own or control, through a power purchase agreement, a solar photovoltaic generation project that is intended to be marketed by the Utility Member under subscription arrangement to the Utility Member's retail customers. The community solar program is in addition to the 5 percent self-supply provision of the wholesale electric service contracts. Each Utility Member is eligible for community solar projects up to, in aggregate, the lesser of 4.6 million kWhs or 2 percent of such Utility Member s 2018 energy sales from us. The community solar program, if acted upon by all Utility Members, would be approximately 64 MWs of new community solar projects. As of December 31, 2022, one Uti lity Member has enrolled in this program. The community solar program is one of the four reserved issues as part of the settlement agreement related to our Utility Member stated rate. The initial decision by an administrative law judge in May 2022 related to our community solar program determined that such program was unduly discriminatory because it advantaged small Utility Members to the disadvantage of larger Utility Members. We have filed exceptions related to this matter and the matter is now pending before the Commissioners at FERC for consideration. 
 We and our Utility Members are subject to regulations issued by FERC pursuant to PURPA with respect to the purchase of electricity from, and the sale of electricity to, qualifying facilities and co generators. Our Board policy sets forth the terms for us to bill the Utility Member for fixed cost equalization to make up for the lost revenue that we forego as a result of the qualifying facilities sales to the Utility Member in excess of the 5 percent self-supply provision of the wholesale electric 
 6 

Table of C ontents 

 service contract. As part of the waiver program approved by FERC involving us and 30 of our Utility Members, we will purchase capacity and energy from qualifying facilities that interconnect to distribution systems of those Utility Members who are participating in the waiver program. We will make such purchase at a rate equal to our full avoided cost. As part of the waiver program, those participating Utility Members will sell supplementary, back-up, and maintenance power to the qualifying facilities. 
 Wholesale Electric Service Contracts (Partial Requirements) - Class B members 
 Our Board has established the Class B - utility partial requirements membership class and the structure of a partial requirements contract. The partial requirements structure includes holding an "open season" for Utility Members to choose to enter into a partial requirements contract with us. The "open season" would permit Utility Members collectively to self-supply up to 300 MWs, approximately 10 percent of our Utility Members peak demand. Under the new partial requirements membership construct, Utility Members can request to self-supply up to approximately 50 percent of their load requirements, subject to availability in the "open season," in addition to the current 5 percent self-supply provision under the wholesale electric service contract and the community solar program. During our initial "open season" partial requirements nomination period that was completed in May 2021, three Utility Members nominated and were allocated an aggregate of 203 MWs of self-supply. In January 2022, our Board approved an extension of the initial "open season" to offer the remaining 97 MWs of the 300 MWs of self-supply to the Utility Members who did not participate in 2021. During our extension of the initial "open season" partial requirements nomination period that was completed in May 2022, three additional Utility Members were allocated an aggregate of 97 MWs of self-supply. No Utility Member has executed a partial requirement contract or become a Class B member. FERC approval will be required for each partial requirements contract. 
 The Utility Members that choose the partial requirements option will be obligated to make a buy-down payment to us. Our Board approved a buy-down payment methodology for a Class A member to become a Class B member. Such methodology was filed with and accepted by FERC in 2020, subject to refund. FERC referred it to FERC s hearing and settlement judge procedures. In April 2022, we filed a proposed settlement agreement for approval with FERC related to our buy-down payment methodology. Only United Power filed comments opposing the proposed settlement agreement. In December 2022, FERC issued an order rejecting the contested settlement and set the matter for hearing. In January 2023, we, along with five of our Utility Members that were parties to the settlement agreement, filed a request for rehearing with FERC regarding its rejection of the proposed settlement and requested FERC to approve the proposed settlement agreement. Such request for rehearing was denied by operation of law by FERC in February 2023. A hearing before an administrative law judge at FERC on our buy-down payment methodology is scheduled to start on October 24, 2023. 
 Relationship with Members 
 We are a cooperative corporation, and our Members are not our subsidiaries. We have no legal interest in, or obligation with respect to, any of the assets, liabilities, equity, revenue or margins of our Members except with respect to the obligations of our Members under their respective agreements with us. We have no control over or the right, ability or authority to control the electric facilities, operations, or maintenance practices of our Utility Members. Pursuant to our Bylaws, we and our Members disclaim any intent or agreement to be a partnership, joint venture, single or joint enterprise, or any other business form, except that of a cooperative corporation and me mber. The revenues of our Members are not pledged to us. 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a Member may only withdraw from membership in us upon compliance with such equitable terms and conditions as our Board may prescribe provided, however, that no Member shall be permitted to withdraw until it has met all its contractual obligations to us. In April 2020, our Board approved a methodology to calculate a contract termination payment designed to leave remaining Utility Members in the same economic position after a Utility Member terminates its wholesale electric service contract as the remaining Utility Members would have been had the Utility Member not terminated the contract. In June 2020, FERC accepted our contract termination payment methodology, subject to refund, and referred it to FERC s hearing and settlement judge procedures. United Power filed a petition for review with the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals related to FERC s acceptance of the contract termination payment methodology and the court dismissed such petition for review in December 2022. 
 In late 2020, certain Utility Members formally requested a contract termination payment amount for planning purposes. Because the tariff then on file with FERC did not require us to prepare purely informational contract termination payment amounts for Utility Members, we respectfully declined to do so. In late February 2021, seven of our Utility Members filed a complaint with FERC seeking an order requiring us to prepare the contract termination payment amounts on an expedited basis. In March 2021, we filed a motio n to dismiss and answer. 
 In June 2021, FERC issued a show cause order to us regarding our contract termination payment calculation and specifically regarding procedures for our Utility Members to obtain such calculations prior to ma king their termination 
 7 

Table of C ontents 

 decision. In July 2021, we filed our response to the show cause order and described a plan to file a simpler and more transparent modified contract termination methodology approved by our Board. 
 I n September 2021, we filed with FERC both a response to the show cause order and a modified contract termination payment methodology tariff. The modified methodology eliminates our Board's discretion over a Utility Member's withdrawal and provides a clear procedure and direct path to obtain a contract termination payment calculation without any delay or fees. The modified methodology continues to be designed to protect the financial interests of our remaining Utility Members if a Utility Member elects to withdraw from membership in us. Our September 2021 tariff filing includes requirements for a two-year notice and the payment of a contract termination payment. In simple terms, our modified contract termination payment amount is the greater of (i) the withdrawing Utility Member's debt covenant obligation, and (ii) the projected revenue the withdrawing Utility Member contractually agreed to pay over the remaining term of its wholesale electric service contract, less certain offsetting revenues we could earn by reselling the withdrawing Utility Member's share of energy and capacity and the net present value of the withdrawing Utility Member's patronage capital. The Utility Member's debt covenant obligation is its pro rata share of our total debt and other obligations . 
 In October 2021, FERC accepted our modified contract termination payment methodology, effective November 1, 2021, subject to refund. FERC set the matter for hearing and instituted a concurrent FPA section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified methodology. FERC did not consolidate our modified contract termination payment methodology with FERC's July 2021 show cause order nor with the on-going consolidated hearing and settlement procedures for our partial requirements buy-down payment methodology and our original contract termination payment methodology filed in 2020. 
 A hearing on our modified contract termination payment methodology occurred in May 2022 before an administrative law jud ge at FERC. We, United Power, certain of our Utility Members, other parties, and FERC trial staff all presented different contract termination payment methodologies or adjustments thereto. I n September 2022, the administrative law judge issued an initial decision, which determined that the different contract termination payment methodologies by United Power, certain of our other Utility Members, and us were not just and reasonable. The administrative law judge endorsed the FERC trial staff methodology, with significant adjustments suggested by us. The administrative law judge's initial decision favorably discusses the concept of rate-neutrality to our remaining Utility Members and stated that the FERC trial staff's proposal, with our recommended changes, "appears to achieve an exit fee close to that of" our debt covenant obligation set forth in our contract termination payment methodology tariff. T he judge's initial decision does not include a contract termination payment number. In October 2022, we, United Power, certain other Utility Members, and other parties filed exceptions to the initial decision. Because exceptions were taken to the initial decision, the initial decision and exceptions are pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision. 
 Three of our Utility Members, in December 2021, provided us conditional notices of their intent to withdraw from membership in us, including United Power and NRPPD, with a January 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. We filed certain answers to these conditional notices with FERC explaining that conditional notices are defective under the contract termination payment tariff and therefore a nullity. In April 2022, FERC issued an order agreeing with our position that conditional notices are not permitted under our contract termination payment tariff and the conditional notices are invalid. 
 In April 2022, both United Power and NRPPD provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. In January 2023, MPEI provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with a February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. 
 In February 2023, we filed with FERC for acceptance a revision to our modified contract termination payment methodology tariff to facilitate the orderly and timely withdrawal of a Utility Member, including the execution of a withdrawal agreement by us and the withdrawing Utility Member. Our filing is intended to reduce the uncertainty that a Utility Member will actually withdraw, without unnecessarily discouraging Utility Member withdrawals. The filing also provides certainty for us, in the form of limited protections, including cost reimbursement, in the event a withdrawing Utility Member is unwilling or unable to complete its withdrawal from us. 
 In July 2021, United Power's first amended complaint for declaratory judgement and damages against us and our Non-Utility Members was deemed filed alleging, among other things, that the April 2019 Bylaws amendment that allows our Board to establish one or more classes of membership in addition to the then existing all-requirements class of membership is void and that we have breached our Bylaws and our wholesale electric service contract with United Power. The first amended complaint also asserts that our addition of the Non-Utility Members violated Colorado law. In March 2022, the court dismissed some of the claims against us in response to our July 2021 partial motion for summary judgement. In April 2022, we filed our answer to the remaining claims. A jury trial is scheduled for June 2023. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 8 

Table of C ontents 

 Responsible Energy Plan 
 In January 2020, we released our energy transition plan known as our Responsible Energy Plan. With our Responsible Energy Plan, we are implementing a clean energy transition while being responsible to our employees, Members, communities, and environment. The plan was developed with input from our Board, our Utility Members and external stakeholders. Our plan is dynamic and will change as Utility Members needs change, new technologies become available and market conditions evolve. In 2022, we saw upheaval from inflation, solar panel tariff uncertainty and disruption of supply chains for critical infrastructure; but despite the challenges, Tri-State and our Utility Members have continued to make progress in our energy transition. Over the past three years, we have made great strides implementing the plan and have set new goals beyond those identified in January 2020. The elements of our plan and progress highlights from 2022 are below: 
 Reduce emissions We retired Escalante Station in 2020 and have announced the retirement of Craig Station by 2030. In Colorado, by 2030 and relative to 2005 levels, we are targeting a 100 percent reduction in CO 2 emissions from our owned coal generation, a 90 percent reduction in CO 2 emissions across generation we own or operate, and an 80 percent reduction in CO 2 emissions associated with state wholesale electric sales. 
 Progress in 2022 : We established our glidepath to reduce emissions associated with wholesale electricity sales in Colorado relative to a 2005 baseline by 26 percent in 2025, 36 percent in 2026, 46 percent in 2027, and 80 percent in 2030. Rifle Generating Station, our 85 MW combined-cycle natural gas power plant, was retired in September 2022. 
 Increase clean energy Between 2019 and 2025, we expect to bring over 1,000 MWs of utility scale wind and solar projects online, doubling our system to over 2,000 MWs. By 2030, our goal is that 70 percent of the energy supplied to Utility Members system-wide will be from clean sources. 
 Progress in 2022 : We achieved an hourly renewable penetration record of 66 percent. We issued a request for proposals for renewable, storage and hybrid resources for 2025 or 2026. We received COPUC approval to build new transmission lines and other transmission upgrades that will support connecting a maximum of 700 MWs of renewable capacity and improve system reliability. 
 Extend clean grid benefits We are expanding programs to help our Utility Members rural consumers save money and energy while cutting emissions through use of electric vehicles, energy efficiency, beneficial electrification and other initiatives. 
 Progress in 2022 : We launched an energy innovations team to develop pathways for consumers to reduce their energy burden and emissions. We established incremental annual energy efficiency savings targets for our Colorado Utility Members' load and initiated development of a demand response platform to control at least 4 percent of Colorado Utility Member peak load by 2025. Since 2020, our electric vehicle infrastructure program has supported Utility Member installations of nearly 1,000 electric vehicle chargers, including 33 DC fast chargers. 
 Increase member flexibility We have been working together with our Utility Members to develop a more flexible contract structure so they can self-supply more power than ever before. 
 Progress in 2022 : Through our extension of our open season, we allocated an additional 97 MWs of requested self-supply capacity to three additional Utility Members, with a total allocation of 300 MWs to six Utility Members. We filed a proposed settlement agreement with FERC on partial requirements memberships and are continuing to work to implement this option. 
 Employee and community support Our efforts include retraining and transition support for employees affected by facility retirements and working with impacted communities to find meaningful economic development opportunities. We also work with local, state and federal leaders to support a just transition from coal. 
 Progress in 2022 : With state and local leaders, we worked to hire a facilitator to guide discussions to explore community assistance opportunities for the City of Craig and Moffat County, in preparation for the retirement of Craig Station by 2030. We continued collaboration with partners to advance opportunities to retain employment and revenue in transitioning communities through co-location of clean energy projects at power plants, including by responding to federal requests for information. 
 Other elements As we implement our Responsible Energy Plan, our goal is to maintain affordable rates for Utility Members in all states. We are also continuing to promote participation in a regional transmission organization in the West to reliably, efficiently, and cost-effectively integrate more renewables into the grid, and are striving for 100 percent clean energy in Colorado by 2040. 
 Progress in 2022 : We reduced wholesale rates to our Utility Members by an additional 2 percent in March 2022 following a previous 2 percent wholesale rate reduction in 2021. We collaborated with federal and state government, cooperatives, and other stakeholders to develop cooperative clean energy provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act, resulting in over 15 billion in funding options and direct pay tax credits. 
 9 

Table of C ontents 

 Utility Members Service Territories 
 Our Utility Members service territories are diverse, covering large portions of Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming and very small portions of Arizona, Montana, and Utah. In accordance with state regulations, our Utility Members have exclusive rights to provide electric service to retail customers within designated service territories. In Colorado, our Utility Members service territories extend throughout the state and encompass suburban, rural, industrial, agricultural and mining areas. In Nebraska, our Utility Members service territories are comprised primarily of rural residential and farm customers in the western part of the state. In New Mexico, our Utility Members service territories extend throughout the northern, southern, central and western parts of the state, serving agricultural, rural residential, suburban, small commercial and mining customers. In Wyoming, our Utility Members service territories extend from the north central to the southeastern part of the state and encompass rural residential, agricultural and mining areas. The differences in customer bases, economic sectors, climates and weather patterns of our Utility Members service territories creates diversity within our system. 
 Eastern and Western Interconnection 
 North America is comprised of three major power grids, including the Western Interconnection and the Eastern Interconnection. The Western and Eastern Interconnection operate almost independently of each other with multiple direct current ties between the two grids. We have transmission facilities and serve our Utility Members load in both the Western and Eastern Interconnection. Approximately 5.2 percent of our total load is located in the Eastern Interconnection. Our generating facilities are located in the Western Interconnection and generally isolated from our Utility Members load in the Eastern Interconnection. We purchase, under a long-term purchase contract with Basin, all the power which we require to serve our Utility Members load in the Eastern Interconnection. See " POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Purchased Power." 
 Competition 
 In accordance with state regulations, our Utility Members have exclusive rights to provide electric service to retail customers within designated service territories. States in which our Utility Members service territories are located have not enacted retail competition legislation. Federal legislation could mandate retail choice in every state. Our Utility Members are subject to customer conservation and energy efficiency activities, as well as initiatives to utilize alternative energy sources, including self-generation, or otherwise bypass our Utility Members systems. Our Utility Members are also subject to competition for attracting new load as potential customers may locate their facilities in our Utility Member s designated service territory or the service territory of a neighboring utility. 
 In 1992, we entered into an agreement expiring in December 2025 with PSCO and PacifiCorp, two of the principal investor-owned utilities adjacent to our Utility Members service territories in Wyoming and Colorado, that provides, among other things, that each of PSCO, PacifiCorp and us will: 
 not make any hostile or unfriendly attempt to acquire or take over any stock or assets of any member served by another party to the agreement; 
 respect all certificates of convenience and necessity and not attempt to serve any consumers within another s certified area; and 
 seek to preserve territorial boundaries when threatened by municipal annexations. 
 We and our Utility Members are subject to competition from third party energy remarketing companies. Energy remarketing companies are targeting our Utility Members and the communities our Utility Members serve by claiming to be able to offer lower priced and cleaner wholesale electric power. This includes assisting our Utility Members in seeking to withdraw from membership in us and financing the withdrawal payment by our Utility Members. It also includes assisting some municipalities and tribes that our Utility Members serve by helping them create electric utilities. 
 
 RATE REGULATION 
 New Rate Developments 
 In August 2021, FERC approved our settlement agreement related to our Utility Member stated rate, including our wholesale electric service contracts and certain of our Board policies filed with FERC. With the exception of four reserved issues contingent on United Power being a settling party, the settlement resolved all issues set for hearing and settlement procedures related to our Utility Member rates. Three of the reserved issues are related to the transmission component of our rates and the fourth relates to our community solar program. Additionally, with the exception of one reserved issue regarding 
 10 

Table of C ontents 

 transmission demand charges applicable to certain electric storage resources, each of the reserved issues will have prospective effect only, with the intent that any FERC rulings would be implemented in future rate filings. 
 A hearing on the four reserved issues occurred in March 2022 before an administrative law judge at FERC and an initial decision was issued by an administrative law judge in May 2022. On the three reserved issues that will have a prospective effect only, the initial decision provides that we must also unbundle in our bills to our Utility Members our transmission costs, including ancillary services and other costs, and, in our future rate filings, we must directly assign to our Utility Members the costs of radial facilities that do not meet FERC's standards for being included in our rolled-in transmission demand rate. In addition, the initial decision provided that our Board policy for our community solar program was unduly discriminatory because it advantaged small Utility Members to the disadvantage of larger Utility Members. With regard to the reserved issue regarding transmission demand charges applicable to certain electric storage resources, the initial decision agreed with our Board policy of billing Utility Members for the transmission demand costs that includes all of a Utility Member's transmission demand, including such Utility Member's electric storage resource. We, United Power, and certain other Utility Members filed exceptions to the initial decision. Because exceptions were taken to the initial decision, the initial decision and exceptions are now pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision on the four reserved issues. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 In December 2021, we filed with FERC our triennial market power update related to our market-based rate authority applicable to the PSCO, PNM and WACM balancing authority areas. FERC instituted a FPA section 206 proceeding related to our market-based rate authority in the WACM balancing authority area and established a refund effective date of March 7, 2022 for market-based sales after such date. In April 2022, we responded to FERC. In September 2022, FERC issued a decision that revoked our market-based rate authorization in the WACM balancing authority area. Such revocation means that we cannot sell power in the WACM balancing authority area to non-members at bilaterally negotiated market-based rates. The order further required us to refund any revenue from power sales in the WACM balancing authority area to non-members on or after March 7, 2022 in excess of the cost-based rates. As required by FERC, in December 2022, we distributed to the applicable non-members refunds with applicable interest. In December 2022, we also filed a cost-based rate tariff with FERC for our sales in the WACM balancing authority area and such cost-based rate tariff was used to calculate the amount refunded. Due to materials changes in information since our April 2022 response, in December 2022, we filed with FERC an application for market-based rate authorization in the WACM balancing authority area. In February 2023, FERC accepted our cost-based rate tariff. Our market-based rate authorization in the WACM balancing authority area is pending with FERC. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 Rate Regulation 
 The wholesale electric service we provide to our Utility Members are at rates established by our Board, but such rates are subject to FERC approval. Our wholesale electric service contracts with our Utility Members provide that rates paid by our Utility Members for the wholesale electric service we supply to them must be set at levels sufficient to produce revenues, together with revenues from all other sources, to meet our cost of operation, including reasonable reserves, debt and lease service, and development of equity. 
 We provide wholesale electric power to non-members at contractual rates under long-term arrangements and at market prices in short-term transactions in the PSCO and PNM balancing authority areas, subject to FERC market-based rate authority. In December 2022, we filed a cost-based rate tariff with FERC for our sales in the WACM balancing authority area and we also filed with FERC an application to re-authorize our market-based rate authorization in the WACM balancing authority area. In February 2023, FERC accepted our cost-based rate tariff. 
 Our electric sales revenues are derived from wholesale electric service sales to our Utility Members and non-member purchasers. Revenues from wholesale electric power sales to our Utility Members are primarily from our Class A wholesale rate schedule filed with FERC. Our Class A rate schedule (A-40) for electric power sales to our Utility Members consist of three billing components: an energy rate and two demand rates. Utility Member rates for energy and demand are set by our Board, consistent with the provision of reliable cost-based supply of electricity over the long term to our Utility Members. Energy is the physical electricity delivered to our Utility Members. The energy rate is billed based upon a price per kWh of physical energy delivered, and the two demand rates (a generation demand and a transmission/delivery demand) are both billed based on the Utility Member s highest thirty-minute integrated total demand measured in each monthly billing period during our peak period from noon to 10:00 pm daily, Monday through Saturday, with the exception of six holidays. 
 Our Class A rate schedule (A-40) was filed at FERC as a stated rate. While our Board still has authority to determine our rates, those rates, including any change to the rate or rate structure, must be approved by FERC subject to outside comments. As part of the FERC approved settlement agreement, we and the settlement parties have agreed, with limited 
 11 

Table of C ontents 

 exceptions, to a moratorium on any filings related to our Class A rate schedule, including any rate increases to our Class A rate schedule, at least through May 31, 2023. 
 As part of the FERC approved settlement agreement, commencing March 1, 2022, the charges making up our Class A rate schedule decreased by an additional 2 percent until the date a new Class A wholesale rate schedule is approved by FERC and goes into effect. 
 A rate design committee consisting of a representative from each Utility Member developed a new rate design to our Utility Members that will be recommended to our Board. We expect to file with FERC a new rate schedule to our Utility Members in the summer of 2023. 
 Rate Policy 
 Under the Master Indenture, we are required to establish rates annually that are reasonably expected to achieve a DSR of at least 1.10 on an annual basis, and we are also required to maintain an ECR of at least 18 percent at the end of each fiscal year. Our Board has adopted a Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, subject to change or waiver by our Board, which currently targets rates payable by our Utility Members to produce financial results above the requirements of our Master Indenture. Our management proposes rates that are expected to adequately recover our annual Utility Member revenue requirements contingent upon load projections and a budget approved annually by our Board. Our Board reviews the budget and our underlying rates on an annual basis in accordance with our financial goals and rate objectives, and in accordance with the financial covenants contained in our debt instruments. The Master Indenture also requires that we review rates promptly at any point during the year upon any material change in circumstances which was not contemplated during the annual review of Utility Member rates. Any rate changes will be filed at FERC for their acceptance. 
 The following table shows our average Utility Member revenue/kWh for the years 2018 through 2022. The average Utility Member revenue/kWh is our total Utility Members electric sales revenue in a given year divided by the total kilowatt hours sold to our Utility Members in that given year. The average Utility Member revenue/kWh does not represent the actual energy and demand rate components established by our Board and paid by our Utility Members for the years 2018 through 2022. 
 Year Average Utility Member Revenue (Cents/kWh) 
 2022 7.342 2021 7.408 2020 7.531 2019 7.547 2018 7.543 
 Other FERC Regulation 
 In addition to FERC's jurisdiction over our wholesale rates to our Utility Members, cost-based rate tariff and market-based rate authority, FERC also regulates the issuance of securities and assumption of liabilities by us, as well as mergers, consolidations, the acquisitions of securities of other utilities, and the disposition of property subject to FERC jurisdiction. Under FERC regulations, we are prohibited from selling, leasing, or otherwise disposing of the whole of our facilities subject to FERC jurisdiction, or any part of such facilities having a value in excess of 10 million without having FERC approval. We are also required to seek FERC approval prior to merging or consolidating our facilities with those of any other entity having a value in excess of 10 million. FERC also regulates certain of our transmission and generation operations, including reliability, transmission of electricity, and transmission planning. See " TRANSMISSION." 
 
 POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES 
 We provide electric power to our Utility Members through a combination of generating facilities that we own, lease, or have undivided percentage interests in, and through the purchase of electric power pursuant to power purchase contracts and purchases on the open market. 
 In 2022, 54.3 percent of our energy available for sale was provided by our generation and 45.7 percent by purchased power. We expect the amount of energy we purchase to increase in the future with the closures of our coal-fired base load facilities and the increasing amount of renewable power purchase contracts. We estimate that in 2022 over a third of the energy our Utility Members used came from clean sources. We estimate that by 2025, 50 percent of the energy our Utility Members use will come from clean sources. 
 12 

Table of C ontents 

 Depending on our system requirements and contractual obligations, we are likely to both purchase and sell electric power during the same fiscal period. We use market transactions to optimize our position by routinely purchasing power when the market price is lower than our incremental production cost and routinely selling power to the short-term market when we have excess power available above our firm commitments to both Utility Members and non-members. We also use short-term market purchases during periods of generation outages at our facilities. 
 Generating Facilities 
 We own, lease, have undivided percentage interests in, or have tolling arrangements with respect to 1,551 MWs from coal-fired base load facilities and 822 MWs from gas/oil-fired facilities. See "PROPERTIES" for a description of our various generating facilities. 
 In September 2016, we announced that the owners of Craig Station Unit 1 intend to retire Craig Station Unit 1 by December 31, 2025, which includes our 102 MW share from such unit. In January 2020, we announced that our Board approved the early retirement of Craig Station Units 2 and 3. Our share of Craig Station Unit 2 is 98 MWs. We and the other joint owners of Craig Station Unit 2 intend to retire Craig Station Unit 2 by September 30, 2028. We own and operate the 448 MW Craig Station Unit 3 and we intend to retire Craig Station Unit 3 by December 31, 2029. The early retirement of Craig Station is expected to impact approximately 175 employees. 
 In April 2022, we made a filing with the COPUC for the retirement of our 85 MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle Rifle Generating Station. In July 2022, we filed a settlement agreement with interested stakeholders supporting the retirement of Rifle Generating Station. In September 2022, the administrative law judge for the COPUC recommended approval of the settlement agreement for our Rifle Generating Station, which was retired on September 30, 2022. 
 Purchased Power 
 We supplement our capacity and energy requirements not supplied by our generating facilities through long-term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases. Our largest long-term power purchase contracts are discussed below. 
 Renewables. We have entered into renewable power purchase contracts to purchase the entire output from specified renewable facilities totaling approximately 1,521 MWs, including 674 MWs of wind-based power purchase contracts and 820 MWs of solar-based power purchase contracts, of which 785 M Ws are in operation. The largest of these renewable power purchase contracts are summarized in the table below. Certain of these renewable power purchase contracts for renewable facilities that have not achieved commercial operation include conditions precedent that if not satisfied may result in termination of such contract. A majority of our renewable power purchase contracts include the option for us to purchase the renewable facility at certain points during the term of the power purchase contract. 
 13 

Table of C ontents 

 Facility Name Location Counterparty Energy Source Capacity (MW) Year of Commercial Operation Year of Contract Expiration Alta Luna Solar New Mexico TPE Alta Luna, LLC Solar 25 2017 2042 Axial Basin Solar Colorado Axial Basin Solar, LLC Solar 145 2024 (1) 2039 (2) Carousel Wind Farm Colorado Carousel Wind Farm, LLC Wind 150 2016 2041 Cimarron Solar New Mexico Southern Turner Cimarron I, LLC Solar 30 2010 2035 Colorado Highlands Wind Colorado Colorado Highlands Wind, LLC Wind 94 2012 2032 Coyote Gulch Solar Colorado Coyote Gulch Solar, LLC Solar 140 2024 (1) 2039 (2) Crossing Trails Wind Colorado Crossing Trails Wind Power Project, LLC Wind 104 2021 2036 Dolores Canyon Solar Colorado Dolores Canyon, LLC Solar 110 2024 (1) 2039 (2) Escalante Solar New Mexico Escalante Solar, LLC Solar 200 2024 (1) 2041 (2) Kit Carson Windpower Colorado Kit Carson Windpower, LLC Wind 51 2010 2030 Niyol Wind Colorado Niyol Wind, LLC Wind 200 2021 2041 San Isabel Solar Colorado San Isabel Solar LLC Solar 30 2016 2041 Spanish Peaks Solar I Colorado Spanish Peaks Solar, LLC Solar 100 2024 (1) 2039 (2) Spanish Peaks Solar II Colorado Spanish Peaks II Solar, LLC Solar 40 2024 (1) 2039 (2) Twin Buttes II Wind Colorado Twin Buttes Wind II, LLC Wind 75 2017 2042 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Anticipated year of commercial operation. 
 (2) Anticipated year of contract expiration based upon anticipated year of commercial operation. 
 In addition to the renewable power purchase contracts in the table above, we have long-term renewable power purchase contracts with WAPA. Substantially all of our purchases from WAPA are hydroelectric based power made at cost-based rates under long-standing federal law under which WAPA sells power to cooperatives, municipal electric systems and certain other "preference" customers. WAPA markets and transmits the power to us pursuant to contracts, two contracts relating to WAPA s Loveland Area Projects (one which terminates September 30, 2024 and one which commences delivery on October 1, 2024 and terminates September 30, 2054) and three contracts relating to WAPA s Salt Lake City Area Integrated Projects (two which terminate September 30, 2024 and one which commences delivery on October 1, 2024 and terminates September 30, 2057). The Loveland Area Projects generally consist of generation and transmission facilities located in the Missouri River Basin. The Salt Lake City Area Integrated Projects generally consist of generation and transmission facilities located in the Colorado River Basin. The following table shows the long-term power delivery from WAPA in the summer season (April-September) and the winter season (October-March): 
 Resource: Summer Winter (MW) (MW) Loveland Area Projects 349 285 Salt Lake City Area/Integrated Projects 231 247 Total 580 532 
 Effective December 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023, WAPA increased the Salt Lake City Area Integrated Projects capacity and energy rates by approximately 8 percent as well as decreased the capacity and energy allocations due to the drought impact in the southwest United States on hydro generation and replacement purchased power cost projections. WAPA moved from a seasonal notice of allocations to a quarterly notice of allocations due to the uncertainty of future hydro generation capability. In 2022, our WAPA capacity allocations were reduced by 37 percent and energy allocations were reduced by 33 percent as compared to our full entitlement in 2021. Capacity allocations for the first quarter of 2023 increased by nearly 14 percent over the first quarter of 2022, while energy allocations for the first quarter of 2023 decreased by nearly 14 percent 
 14 

Table of C ontents 

 over the same period. We expect similar quarterly capacity increases as compared to 2022 levels for the remainder of 2023 while energy allocations are expected to be comparable to 2022. 
 Basin. In 2017, we entered into two new amended and restated wholesale power contracts with Basin. The new wholesale power contracts amended and restated a 1975 wholesale power contract with Basin and separated the prior 1975 wholesale power contract into two wholesale power contracts: one for the Western Interconnection and one for the Eastern Interconnection. 
 The wholesale power contract for the Eastern Interconnection provides the terms under which we purchase in the Eastern Interconnection all the power which we require to serve our Utility Members load in the Eastern Interconnection. The Utility Members peak load in the Eastern Interconnection in 2022 was approximately 348 MWs. 
 The wholesale power contract for the Western Interconnection provides the terms under which we purchase in the Western Interconnection fixed scheduled quantities of electric power and energy. The quantity of electric power and energy varies depending on the month and hour with a maximum of 268 MWs occurring during certain hours in July. 
 Both amended and restated wholesale power contracts continue through December 31, 2050 and are subject to automatic extension thereafter until either party provides at least five years notice of its intent to terminate. 
 Other. In 2016, we entered into a five year reciprocal contract with PNM to sell PNM 100 MWs of power, contingent on the operation of Springerville Unit 3, and purchase from PNM 100 MWs of power, contingent on the operation of PNM s San Juan Generating Station Unit 4. In 2021, PNM provided us notice to terminate this 2016 contract at the end of May 2022 due to the planned retirement of San Juan Generating Station Unit 4. In May 2022, we entered into a new similar reciprocal contract with PNM that started in June 2022 and terminated in September 2022 because of the delayed retirement of San Juan Generating Station Unit 4. These contracts with PNM reduced our amount of needed operating reserves and reduced the amount of power we needed to purchase in the event of a forced outage of Springerville Unit 3. The net of the sales revenue and purchased power costs under these contracts is included in purchased power expense on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In addition to long term power purchase contracts, we utilize market purchases to optimize our position by routinely purchasing power when the market price is lower than our incremental production cost. We also utilize short-term market purchases during periods of generation outages. In addition, we have hazard sharing arrangements with Platte River Power Authority and TEP, which provide for supply of power to us in the event of forced outages at specified generating facilities. 
 Power Sale Contracts 
 We have a long-term power sales contract to sell Salt River Project 100 MWs of power, contingent on the operation of Springerville Unit 3, which expires in August 2036. In 2022, we also had reciprocal contracts to sell PNM 100 MWs of power, contingent on the operation of Springerville Unit 3 with one contract that terminated in May 2022 and another that started in June 2022 and terminated in September 2022. See " POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Purchased Power." 
 In addition to long-term power sales contracts, we routinely sell power to the short-term market when we have excess power available above our firm commitments to both Utility Members and non-members. 
 We are subject to varying degrees of competition related to the sale of excess power to non-members on both a short-term and long-term basis. We are subject to competition from regional utilities and merchant power suppliers with similar opportunities to generate and sell energy at market-based prices and larger trading entities that do not own or operate generating assets. 
 Energy Imbalance Markets 
 On February 1, 2021, SPP launched the Western Energy Imbalance Service market with eight utilities participating, including us. The Western Energy Imbalance Service market generally covers our load and resources in western and northeastern Colorado, western Nebraska located in the Western Interconnection, and the eastern half of Wyoming. The market centrally dispatches energy from these participants through the region every five minutes. In January 2022, PSCO announced that it plans to join the Western Energy Imbalance Service market commencing in April 2023. This will cover all our load and resources within the PSCO balancing authority area, which is approximately 20 percent of our load. 
 In April 2021, PNM joined as an EIM entity in the CAISO Western Energy Imbalance Market. This affects our load and resources within the PNM balancing authority area which is all our load and resources in New Mexico. We have registered with CAISO as a participating scheduling coordinator, and registered our New Mexico resources and Springerville Unit 3 
 15 

Table of C ontents 

 generation as participating resources with CAISO, in order for our generation to participate in this imbalance market. We have had Utility Member load in the CAISO Western Energy Imbalance Market since it began in 2015 with our small amount of load in the PacifiCorp balancing authority area. 
 Our load and transmission facilities in the Eastern Interconnection, largely in Nebraska, have been in the SPP regional transmission organization since 2016. Upon PSCO joining the Western Energy Imbalance Service market, we will have all our load in organized markets. 
 We continue to explore options to participate in a regional transmission organization in the Western Interconnection. We, together with Basin, WAPA, Municipal Energy Agency of Nebraska, Deseret Power Electric Cooperative, Colorado Springs Utilities, and Platte River Power Authority, continue discussions for participation in SPP's regional transmission organization in the Western Interconnection. In July 2021, SPP's board of directors approved the terms and condition for an expansion of SPP's regional transmission organization in the Western Interconnection. In January 2023, SPP's board of directors extended the acceptance period of the terms and conditions until July 1, 2023, by which the parties would need to execute a commitment agreement. We believe a Western Interconnection regional transmission organiza tion is necessary to achieve the full benefits of organized markets and to meet future state carbon goals. 
 Resource Planning 
 We continually evaluate potential resources required to serve the long-term requirements of our Utility Members. As part of our approach to resource planning, we evaluate various resource options, including the construction of new resources and long-term power purchase contracts. In evaluating future portfolio additions, we monitor market conditions, tax credit expiration schedules, impacts of current resources on reliable system operations and the operation of existing generation assets, transmission system capacity, our potential participation in a regional transmission organization in the Western Interconnection, and the regulatory requirements for meeting Electric Resource Plan rules, RPS and RES and other state laws and goals regarding reductions in CO 2 emissions. 
 In 2019, Colorado legislation was signed that requires us to file and obtain COPUC approval for our electric resource plan where the social cost of CO 2 emissions associated with our plan is a consideration, along with other factors. The process includes a Phase I and Phase II process. Our first Phase I Electric Resource Plan under the COPUC rules was filed with the COPUC in December 2020, which contained our Preferred Plan. In September 2021, we submitted the results of modeling additional Electric Resource Plan scenarios including our Revised Preferred Plan. In January 2022, we reached an unopposed comprehensive settlement agreement with the majority of intervening parties to the proceeding. In March 2022, the administrative law judge for the COPUC recommended approval of the settlement agreement and the approval became effective in April 2022. The settlement agreement sets emissions reduction targets for our wholesale electricity sales in Colorado as follows: at least 26 percent in 2025, 36 percent in 2026, 46 percent in 2027, and 80 percent in 2030, with respect to the verified 2005 baseline. The settlement agreement also implements new energy efficiency and demand response targets and limited procurements from Phase II of the Electric Resource Plan to 2025 and 2026. 
 With the settlement agreement approved, we began Phase II of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan and in May 2022 issued a request for proposals for capacity and energy bids, with a focus on projects that support emissions reductions. These projects would be scheduled to come online in 2025 or 2026. The bidding process closed in September 2022. In October 2022, we filed our 30-day report with the COPUC disclosing that we received 274 individual eligible bid proposals (156 total projects) from bidders. In February 2023, we filed our 2020 Electric Resource Plan Phase II implementation report identifying our preferred portfolio for resource acquisitions in the 2025-2026 timeframe. The Phase II modeling filed with the COPUC indicates selection of 200 MWs of new wind resources for 2026, subject to COPUC approval. The COPUC may approve, condition, modify, or reject our preferred portfolio. 
 We are required to file our next Phase I Electric Resource Plan with the COPUC in 2023. As part of the Phase I 2023 Electric Resource Plan filing, we are required to model and file multiple resource plan scenarios, including scenarios with stakeholder-requested modeling assumptions. Each resource plan scenario will have unique assumptions for our system operations, resulting in varying financial, reliability, and environmental outcomes over the 20-year planning horizon. We will identify our preferred electric resource plan in the Phase I Electric Resource Plan filing. 
 16 

Table of C ontents 

 Fuel and Water Supply 
 Coal. We purchase coal under long-term contracts. See "PROPERTIES" for a description of our investments in coal mines. The following table summarizes the sources of our coal for each of our coal-fired generating facilities: 
 Generating Station Mine Contract End Date Craig Station Units 1 and 2 Colowyo Mine 2029 Craig Station Unit 3 Colowyo Mine 2029 Laramie River Generating Station Various, including Dry Fork Mine 2041 Springerville Unit 3 North Antelope Rochelle Mine 2024 
 Colowyo Mine. As current mining operations in the South Taylor pit are being completed and land is being reclaimed, Colowyo Coal, a subsidiary of ours, is actively mining the Collom pit at the Colowyo Mine. In January 2017, Colowyo Coal received final approval of the mining plan from the OSMRE. In November 2019, the CDPHE issued an air permit revision for the construction and operation of the Collom pit. Coal production from the Collom pit began in July 2019. See " ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS Other Environmental Matters." 
 Reclamation Liabilities. In connection with our use of coal derived from coal mining facilities in which we have an ownership interest, including the Colowyo Mine and the New Horizon Mine, there are certain reclamation activities mandated by state and federal laws. These liabilities are recognized and recorded on our financial statements when required by accounting guidelines. We provide surety bonds from third party sureties for our reclamation obligations at the Colowyo Mine and the New Horizon Mine in accordance with Colorado requirements. The amounts of such bonds are based upon Colorado requirements and are different than the amount of liabilities recognized on our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 Natural Gas . The majority of natural gas we purchase is to fill peak demands, and for replacement energy for forced outages and curtailments on coal units and renewable resources. We currently purchase the majority of our gas supplies on the spot market at fixed daily prices and on occasion we enter into forward fixed-price, fixed-quantity physical contracts. The majority of natural gas is purchased in the Cheyenne Hub area, which is in close proximity to the natural gas generating facilities we tend to utilize most frequently. This includes purchases from our Non-Utility Member, MIECO, Inc. Six major natural gas pipelines have interconnections at the Cheyenne Hub, and presently there is generally adequate supply at this location. Based on the regional forecast of production activities and pipeline capacity in the Rocky Mountain region, we presently anticipate that sufficient supplies of natural gas will generally be available in the foreseeable future. D uring extreme weather events, the availability of natural gas may be limited. We have a long-term natural gas transportation contract that provides firm rights to move natural gas from various receipt points to our facilities. Finally, we may utilize financial instruments to price hedge our forecasted natural gas requirements. 
 Oil . Distillate fuel for the Burlington, Limon, Knutson and Pyramid Generating Stations, all simple-cycle combustion turbine facilities, is purchased on the spot market from various suppliers. Oil is transported to the respective locations via truck. 
 Water Supply. We use varying amounts of water for the production of steam used to drive turbines that turn generators and produce electricity in our generating facilities. We maintain a water portfolio that supplies water from various sources for each of our generating facilities. This portfolio is adequate to meet the water supply requirements of our generating facilities. Temporary supplies are also typically available on a short-term or annual basis from third-party water providers. Our generating facilities are located in the western part of the United States where demand for available water supplies is heavy, particularly in drought conditions. Litigation and disputes over water supplies are common and sometimes protracted, which can lead to uncertainty regarding any user s rights to available water supplies. If we become subject to adverse determinations in water rights litigation or to persistent drought conditions, we could be forced to acquire additional temporary or permanent water supplies or to curtail generation at our facilities. 
 
 TRANSMISSION 
 We have ownership or capacity interests in approximately 5,849 miles of transmission lines and own or have major equipment ownership in 422 substations and switchyards. See PROPERTIES for a description of our transmission facilities. 
 Our system is interconnected with those of other utilities, including WAPA, Nebraska Public Power District, Black Hills Colorado Electric, Inc., PacifiCorp, PSCO, Platte River Power Authority, Colorado Springs Utilities, Basin, TEP, PNM and Deseret Power Electric Cooperative. The majority of our transmission facilities operate as part of the Western 
 17 

Table of C ontents 

 Interconnection. The Western Interconnection consists of transmission assets that link generating facilities to load centers throughout the region. A small portion of our facilities support our load centers in the Eastern Interconnection. We continue to make the capital investment necessary to expand our transmission infrastructure and participate in many joint projects with other transmission owners to provide electric service to our Utility Members. 
 The FPA authorizes FERC to oversee the sale at wholesale and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities, as that term is defined in the FPA. We are subject to the general public utility regulation of FERC under the FPA and are under FERC jurisdiction for rates and transmission service. 
 FERC requires public utilities to comply with several requirements, including the requirements to provide open access transmission service and engage in regional planning of transmission facilities. We are also subject to reporting obligations applicable to all electric utilities, other FERC orders, and FERC s oversight with respect to transmission planning, investment and siting, reliability standards, price transparency, and market manipulation. We are subject to regulations issued by FERC pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 1992 and the Energy Policy Act of 2005 with respect to the provision of certain transmission services. 
 We are a member of SPP and have transferred operational authority (but not ownership) of our transmission facilities that are located in the Eastern Interconnection to SPP, a regional transmission organization. See " POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Energy Imbalance Markets" regarding discussions of expanding SPP to the Western Interconnection. 
 Open Access Transmission Service 
 FERC requires public utilities to provide open access transmission service. Open access generally gives all potential users of the transmission grid an equal opportunity to obtain the transmission service necessary to support purchases or sales of electric energy, thereby promoting competition in wholesale energy markets. Use of our transmission facilities is governed by OATTs. Use of our Eastern Interconnection transmission facilities is governed by the SPP OATT and our costs of providing transmission service in the Eastern Interconnection are subject to review by FERC. Use of our Western Interconnection transmission facilities is governed by our OATT filed with FERC and our costs of providing transmission service in the Western Interconnection are subject to review by FERC. 
 FERC has additional oversight authority over us under Sections 210 and 211 of the FPA, which apply to all transmitting utilities. Under these sections, FERC may, upon application by a customer, compel a utility to provide interconnection and transmission service to that customer, subject to appropriate compensation. We have not been the subject of an order under these provisions of the FPA. 
 Transmission Planning 
 FERC has become increasingly involved in promoting the development of the transmission grid. In FERC Order No. 890, FERC expressly required coordinated transmission planning and established governing principles. We comply with this requirement through our participation in WECC, WestConnect, SPP, and other sub regional transmission planning groups and processes. In FERC Order No. 1000, FERC required all public utilities to engage in regional and interregional transmission planning and cost allocation. We comply with Order No. 1000 by participating in regional and interregional transmission planning and cost allocation processes in SPP and WestConnect. WestConnect is a voluntary organization of transmission providers committed to assessing stakeholder needs in the Southwest. The participants in WestConnect own and operate transmission systems in all or part of the states of Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, Nevada, and California. 
 FERC has also provided for rate incentives for public utilities as a means of encouraging investment in new transmission facilities. Recent approvals by FERC of rate incentives for transmission projects in our region and elsewhere have provided us with practical guidance as to the applicability of these incentives to potential future transmission projects. 
 Reliability 
 Section 215 of the FPA authorizes FERC to oversee the reliable operation of the nation s interconnected bulk power system. In 2007, FERC approved mandatory national reliability standards for administration by NERC. The national standards apply to all utilities that own, operate, and/or use generating or transmission facilities as part of the interconnected bulk power system. As an owner, operator and user of generation and transmission facilities, we are subject to some of these reliability standards. Under the national standards, utilities must, among other things, respond to emergencies within stated time periods, maintain prescribed levels of generation reserves, and follow instructions concerning load shedding. FERC also approved limited delegations of authority to six regional entities. We are registered in two of the six regional entities: WECC and MRO. In addition, our generating facilities are included in two regional reserve sharing pools: the Northwest Power Pool and the 
 18 

Table of C ontents 

 Southwest Reserve Sharing Group. These pools facilitate sharing of generation reserves to be activated during a system emergency, such as loss of a generating unit or transmission line. 
 We have an active compliance monitoring program that covers all aspects of our generation and transmission reliability responsibilities. We also collaborate with our Utility Members on areas where transmission and distribution system reliability responsibilities overlap. NERC and its regional entities, including WECC and MRO, periodically audit compliance with reliability standards. In addition to audits and spot checks (unscheduled audits), NERC and its regional entities, including WECC and MRO, are also authorized to conduct other types of investigations, including requiring annual self certifications of compliance with select reliability standards. 
 In 2021, we were audited by WECC and are scheduled for a future compliance audit in 2024 as part of a three-year routine audit cycle. WECC continues to evaluate the preliminary findings of the 2021 audit, however, we do not expect there to be any significant enforcement actions and we do not expect any financial penalties. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations with regard to the following: 
 air quality, including greenhouse gases; 
 water quality; and 
 other environmental matters. 
 These laws, rules and regulations often require us to undertake considerable efforts and incur substantial costs to maintain compliance and obtain licenses, permits and approvals from various federal, state and local agencies. To comply with existing environmental regulations, we expect that we will spend approximately 6.4 million through 2027 in efforts to maintain compliance. We estimate that we spend over 500,000 per year in permit related fees, as well as increased operating costs to ensure compliance with environmental standards of the Clean Air Act, described below. If we fail to comply with these laws, regulations, licenses, permits or approvals, we could be held civilly or criminally liable. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that are complex, change frequently and have become more stringent and numerous over time. Federal, state and local standards and procedures that regulate the environmental impact of our operations are subject to change. These changes may arise from continuing legislative, regulatory and judicial actions regarding such standards and procedures. Consequently, there is no assurance that environmental regulations applicable to our facilities will not become materially more stringent, or that we will always be able to obtain all required operating permits. An inability to comply with environmental standards could result in reduced operating levels or the complete shutdown of our facilities that are not in compliance, including the shutting down of additional generating facilities or the shutting down of individual coal-fired generating stations earlier than scheduled. We cannot predict at this time whether any additional legislation or rules will be enacted which will affect our operations, and if such laws or rules are enacted, what the cost to us might be in the future because of such actions. 
 From time to time, we are alleged to be in violation or in default under orders, statutes, rules, regulations, permits or compliance plans relating to the environment. Additionally, we may need to deal with notices of violation, enforcement proceedings or challenges to construction or operating permits. In addition, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 Since 1971, we have had in place a Board Policy for Environmental Compliance that is reviewed each year by our Board. The policy commits us to comply with all environmental laws and regulations. The policy also calls for the enforcement of an internal EMS. We have developed, implemented, and continuously improved the EMS over the last twenty years. The EMS meets the EPA guidance for management systems and consists of policies, procedures, practices and guides that assign responsibility and help ensure compliance with environmental regulations. 
 State Environmental and Renewable Energy/Portfolio Standards 
 In 2019, Colorado legislation was signed that requires the AQCC to develop rules to reduce statewide greenhouse gas emissions 26 percent by 2025, 50 percent by 2030, and 90 percent by 2050, relative to 2005 emissions. The Colorado legislation will have a material impact on our operations and our future generation portfolio; however, until the final rules are enacted that implement the legislation, it is not yet possible to estimate the impacts on our operations or future generation portfolio. To implement the legislation, the AQCC is in the midst of adopting rules, some of which affect us. As part of the settlement agreement related to our 2020 Electric Resource Plan that became effective in April 2022, we have agreed to reduce 
 19 

Table of C ontents 

 the greenhouse gas emissions related to our wholesale electricity sales in Colorado as follows: at least 26 percent in 2025, 36 percent in 2026, 46 percent in 2027, and 80 percent in 2030, with respect to the verified 2005 baseline. See " POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Resource Planning" regarding our 2020 Electric Resource Plan. 
 In 2019, New Mexico legislation was signed that amended the RPS that required our New Mexico Utility Members to obtain 10 percent of their energy requirements from renewable sources in 2020 and thereafter. The legislation added requirements for our New Mexico Utility Members to obtain 40 percent renewable energy by 2025 and 50 percent renewable energy by 2030, and adds a target of achieving a zero carbon resource standard by 2050 with at least 80 percent renewable energy. The legislation includes regulatory relief for the 2050 target if implementing the provisions of the bill are not technically feasible, hamper reliability or increase cost of electricity to unaffordable levels. 
 The existing Colorado RES requires our Colorado Utility Members to obtain 10 percent in 2020 and thereafter of their energy requirements from renewable sources and requires we provide to our Colorado Utility Members at least 20 percent in 2020 and thereafter of the energy at wholesale from renewable resources. The Colorado law permits us to count renewable sources utilized by our Colorado Utility Members for their RES requirement towards compliance with our separate RES requirement. 
 We currently provide sufficient energy from renewable sources to meet our Utility Members current obligations under the RPS or RES requirements in New Mexico and Colorado, as applicable, and expect to be able to continue meeting our Utility Members RPS/RES obligations in 2023 to the extent a Utility Member does not meet its obligation with renewable generation owned or controlled by such Utility Member as permitted under our wholesale electric service contract. We expect to be able to achieve compliance with our separate RES that requires 20 percent of the energy we provide to our Colorado Utility Members at wholesale to come from renewable sources in 2023. 
 The impacts of the 2019 Colorado and New Mexico legislation and our compliance with the settlement agreement related to our 2020 Electric Resource Plan could include modifications to the design or operation of existing facilities, increases in our operating expenses and potential stranded costs, investments in new generation and transmission, the closure of additional generating facilities, the closure of individual coal-fired generating facilities earlier than scheduled, and other impacts additional to the closures of coal-fired generating facilities. 
 Air Quality 
 The Clean Air Act. Pursuant to the Clean Air Act, the EPA has adopted standards regulating the emission of air pollutants from generating facilities and other types of air emission sources, establishing national air quality standards for major pollutants, and requiring permitting of both new and existing sources of air pollution. The Clean Air Act requires that the EPA periodically review, and revise if necessary, its adopted emission standards and national ambient air quality standards. Both of these actions can impose additional emission control and compliance requirements, increasing capital and operating costs. Among the provisions of the Clean Air Act that affect our operations are (1) the acid rain program, which requires nationwide reductions of SO 2 and NO X from existing and new fossil fuel based generating facilities, (2) provisions related to major sources of toxic or hazardous pollutants, (3) New Source Review, which includes requirements for new plants that are major sources and modifications to existing major source plants, (4) National Ambient Air Quality Standards that establish ambient limits for criteria pollutants, and (5) requirements to address visibility impacts from regional haze. Many of the existing and proposed regulations under the Clean Air Act impact coal fired generating facilities to a greater extent than other sources. 
 Our facilities are currently equipped with pollution controls that limit emissions of SO 2 , NO X , and particulates below the requirements of the Clean Air Act and our permits. As needed, some specified units have appropriate mercury emission controls. We have pollution control equipment on each of our generating facilities. All three units at Craig Station have scrubbers to remove SO 2 , baghouses for particulate removal and low NO X burners. Craig Station Unit 2 has selective catalytic reduction equipment for NO X control. Craig Station Unit 3 has selective non-catalytic reduction equipment for NO X control and an activated carbon injection system to control mercury emissions. Springerville Unit 3 has scrubbers to remove SO 2 , baghouses for particulate removal, low NO X burners and selective catalytic reduction equipment for NO X control, and an activated carbon injection system for controlling mercury emissions. Between 2010 and 2021, we accomplished a 59 percent decrease in annual NO X emissions, a 43 percent decrease in annual SO 2 emissions and a 20 percent decrease in annual CO 2 emissions. 
 Basin, as the operator for the Laramie River Generating Station, is responsible for environmental compliance and reporting for that facility. TEP is the operator of Springerville Unit 3 and is responsible for environmental compliance of that station. Springerville Unit 3 operates under a Title V air permit that was issued for all Springerville Generating Station units. Springerville Unit 3 was designed and constructed to comply with permitted Best Available Control Technology emission 
 20 

Table of C ontents 

 standards. If liabilities arise as a result of a failure of environmental compliance at Laramie River Generating Station or Springerville Unit 3, our respective responsibility for those liabilities is governed by the operating agreements for the facilities. 
 We own and operate combustion turbine generating facilities that burn natural gas and/or fuel oil at four locations in Colorado an d one in New Mexico. The combustion turbines are subject to emission limits lower than those of coal fired generating facilities. All units have the necessary air and water permits in place and are operated in accordance with regulatory provisions. Steam turbine facilities include steam injection to control NO X emissions by lowering thermal NO X formation. 
 Acid Rain Program. The acid rain program requires nationwide reductions of SO 2 and NO X emissions by reducing allowable emission rates and by allocating emission allowances to generating facilities for SO 2 emissions based on historical or calculated levels, and reducing allowable NO X emission rates. We receive and hold sufficient SO 2 allowances for compliance with the acid rain program. 
 Greenhouse Gas Regulation. In October 2015, the EPA published in the Federal Register a final rule regarding emission limits and emission guidelines of CO 2 for existing generating facilities in a comprehensive rule referred to as the Clean Power Plan. In February 2016, the United States Supreme Court granted numerous applications to stay the Clean Power Plan pending judicial review. The appeal of the Clean Power Plan was held in abeyance until the EPA published a proposal to repeal the Clean Power Plan. In July 2019, the EPA finalized the repeal of the Clean Power Plan and replaced it with the Affordable Clean Energy (also known as ACE) rule. The Affordable Clean Energy rule established guidelines for states to follow in developing limitations (i.e., standards of performance) for CO 2 emissions from existing units, based on an EPA determination that the best system of emission reduction is heat rate improvement. Legal actions were filed in opposition to and support of the Affordable Clean Energy rule, and in January 2021, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals issued an opinion vacating both the Affordable Clean Energy rule and the repeal of the Clean Power Plan. In September 2022, the EPA opened a pre-proposal public docket about greenhouse gas regulations for fossil fuel-fired power plants. We submitted comments in December 2022. The Biden administration is expected to begin another, new rulemaking and has stated its intent to issue a new proposed rule in 2023. 
 Mercury and other Hazardous Air Pollutants. The Clean Air Act also provides for a comprehensive program for the control of hazardous air pollutants, including mercury. The EPA must treat mercury as a hazardous air pollutant subject to a requirement to install MACT in new and existing units. In 2012, the EPA finalized a MACT rulemaking with emissions standards across four categories of emissions. We are in compliance with the rule s emission limits at our generating facilities and have the appropriate emission controls. 
 New Source Review. Section 114(a) Information Requests related to New Source Review Program Requirements. Over the past two decades, the United States Department of Justice, on behalf of the EPA, has brought enforcement actions against owners of coal fired facilities alleging violations of the New Source Review provisions of the Clean Air Act in cases where emissions increased without commensurate installation or upgrades of pollution controls. Such enforcement actions were brought against facilities after review by the EPA of operations and maintenance records of the facilities. The EPA has the authority to review such records pursuant to Section 114 of the Clean Air Act. To date, we have not been issued an information request for EPA review of the records of any of our facilities, and therefore, are not involved in any enforcement action from past operational and maintenance activities. 
 National Ambient Air Quality Standards. In October 2015, the EPA lowered the NAAQS for ozone from 75 ppb to 70 ppb. The J.M. Shafer Generating Station and Knutson Generating Station are located in the DM/NFR ozone nonattainment area. The DM/NFR ozone nonattainment area did not meet the 2008 ozone NAAQS of 75 ppb and this area is not anticipated to meet the 2015 ozone NAAQS that was set at 70 ppb. In 2019, the EPA reclassified the DM/NFR ozone nonattainment area from moderate to serious nonattainment for the 2008 ozone NAAQS of 75 ppb. The DM/NFR ozone nonattainment area again failed to meet the 2008 ozone NAAQS and the State of Colorado and the EPA redesignated the area from "serious" to "severe" nonattainment in 2022. At the same time, the DM/NFR also failed to attain the 2015 ozone NAAQS (70 ppb) and the State of Colorado and the EPA redesignated the area from "marginal" or "moderate" nonattainment. The DM/NFR ozone nonattainment area developed a plan to comply with the 2008 and 2015 ozone NAAQS; however, the plan does not demonstrate compliance by 2023 as required, but shows compliance by 2026. Additional redesignations to more stringent nonattainment status may be expected. In addition, the EPA is in the process of reconsidering its previous decision to set the 2015 standard at 70 ppb and may lower the numerical value of the standard. Implementation of an ozone standard of 70 ppb or less will require the evaluation of additional emission controls for many major sources in the DM/NFR nonattainment area. In the 2022 plan development effort, additional emission controls were not required at the J.M. Shafer Generating Station and the Knutson Generating Station, but could be required under future redesignation evaluations. 
 Transport Rule. In 2022, the EPA proposed a rule that would implement a Federal Implementation Plan to assure that states identified in the proposal would not significantly contribute to air quality in downwind states that are working to attain 
 21 

Table of C ontents 

 the 2015 8-hour ozone NAAQS. The proposed rule would require significant NO X emission reductions across 26 states, including Wyoming, at coal-fired electric generation units, including Laramie River Generating Station. If the rule is finalized as proposed, coal-fired electric generating units would need to install selective catalytic reduction emission controls on units that are not already equipped with the technology, purchase emission reduction credits, or curtail their operations during the summertime ozone season. Units that are already equipped with selective catalytic reduction technology would be subject to more stringent emission limitations starting in 2023. It is anticipated that the EPA may issue a final rule in 2023. 
 Regional Haze. In June 2005, the EPA issued the Clean Air Visibility Rule, amending its 1999 Regional Haze Rule, which had established timelines for states to improve visibility in national parks and wilderness areas throughout the United States. Under the amended rule, certain types of older sources may be required to install best available retrofit technology and states were to establish Reasonable Progress Goals in SIPs to meet a 2064 goal of natural visibility conditions. The amended Regional Haze Rule could require additional controls for particulate matter, SO 2 and NO X emissions from utility sources. 
 Due to a variety of factors, states regional haze plans for the second 10-year period are still in development or processes of approval before being sent to the EPA. Colorado adopted a regional haze plan that does not require additional emission controls on Craig Station and incorporates retirement dates for Craig Station Units 1, 2, and 3. Arizona and Wyoming are still in processes of evaluating emission sources and developing regional haze plans. In Arizona, Springerville Unit 3 commenced operation in 2006 and has state-of-the-art emission controls. In Wyoming, Laramie River Generating Station installed selective catalytic reduction on Unit 1 and selective non-catalytic reduction on Units 2 and 3 during the previous regional haze period. It is possible that additional emission controls and/or compliance emission limits could be proposed as part of the next regional haze plans in these states. 
 The Regional Haze Rule requires that states revise their SIPs every ten years. Therefore, like many environmental requirements, the Regional Haze Rule could require further reductions if needed to meet Reasonable Progress goals in the future. 
 Water Quality 
 The Clean Water Act. The Clean Water Act regulates the discharge of process wastewater and certain storm water under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit program. At the present time, each of our generating facilities has the appropriate permits. The water quality regulations require us to comply with each state s water quality standards, including sampling and monitoring of the waters around affected plants. 
 The regulatory definition of WOTUS under the Clean Water Act and other federal statutes has been in a state of flux for the past several years due to multiple sequential rulemaking efforts of the Corps and EPA, spanning the past three presidential administrations. Most recently, the Corps and EPA concluded a rulemaking that would largely, but not exactly revert to the definitions used between 1986 and 2015. This final rule was published in January 2023 and goes into effect in March 2023. It is currently uncertain if these agencies will pursue the second-stage rulemaking that was previously announced. Adding to the uncertainty is a pending United States Supreme Court decision in the case known as Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency , which may result in additional future regulatory changes. Many of our construction activities in WOTUS are authorized by streamlined general permits that are not anticipated to be substantially affected by changing WOTUS definitions. Our facilities are generally located in arid and semi-arid regions where that WOTUS are less numerous and of smaller size compared to wetter regions of the United States. We have employed compliance methods that shield us from the uncertainty of fluctuating WOTUS definitions. 
 Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasures. The EPA issued regulations governing the development of Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasures plans. Some of our substation and generation sites are subject to these regulations and all Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasures plans meet the regulations. 
 Other Environmental Matters 
 Coal Ash. We manage coal combustion by products such as fly ash, bottom ash and scrubber sludge by removing excess water and placing the by-products in land-based units in a dry form. At Craig Station, the combustion by products are used for mine land reclamation at the adjacent coal mine. The mine fill and landfills are regulated by state environmental agencies and all required permits are in place. We are meeting all compliance obligations under the final Coal Combustion Residual rule. 
 Global Climate Change Regulatory Developments Outside the Clean Air Act. Consideration of laws and regulations to limit emissions of greenhouse gases is underway at the international, national, regional and state levels. International negotiations will determine what, if any, specific commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions will be made by all 
 22 

Table of C ontents 

 countries that are party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, including the United States. The outcome of the 21st Conference of the Parties held by the United Nations in Paris during December 2015 is a broad international agreement based on non-binding commitments with no enforcement provisions known as the Paris Agreement; therefore, the agreement will not directly dictate any particular emission reduction obligations for United States businesses. Commitments are subject to review every five years under the agreement. In January 2021, President Biden, on behalf of the United States, accepted the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement. 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act. CERCLA (also known as Superfund) requires cleanup of sites from which there has been a release or threatened release of hazardous substances and authorizes the EPA to take any necessary response action at Superfund sites, including ordering potentially responsible parties liable for the release to take or pay for such actions. Potentially responsible parties are broadly defined under CERCLA to include past and present owners and operators of, as well as generators of wastes sent to a site. To our knowledge, we are not currently subject to liability for any Superfund matters. However, we generate certain wastes, including hazardous wastes, and send certain of our wastes to third party waste disposal sites. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will not incur liability under CERCLA in the future. 
 Collom Air Permit . In November 2019, the Collom air permit revision for the Collom pit at the Colowyo Mine was issued by the CDPHE. In December 2019, the Center for Biological Diversity and Sierra Club filed a new case challenging the CDPHE s issuance of the Collom air permit revision. In October 2020, the judge issued an order affirming the CDPHE s issuance of the minor source construction air permit to Collom. The Center for Biological Diversity and Sierra Club appealed the decision to the Colorado Court of Appeals. In March 2022, the Colorado Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's decision upholding the air permit for Collom. In May 2022, the Center for Biological Diversity and Sierra Club filed a Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the Colorado Supreme Court. We and the State of Colorado filed responses in opposition to the petition. In October 2022, the Colorado Supreme Court denied the Petition for Writ of Certiorari. 
 Toxic Substances Control Act/Polychlorinated Biphenyls. We have limited quantities of PCBs in transmission equipment in the existing system. As oils are changed and systems replaced, PCBs are eliminated and PCB free oils are used, reducing regulatory risk. 
 Endangered Species Act. Compliance with the Endangered Species Act can affect the cost and timing of our various activities including operation of existing generation and transmission facilities, and planning and permitting new or expanded facilities. The Endangered Species Act applies to us indirectly because it obligates federal agencies that are taking some form of permit, right-of-way, funding or other action. We regularly need federal permits and approvals from various agencies as part of our operations and plans. The Endangered Species Act also applies to us insofar as some activities have potential to "incidentally take" an Endangered Species Act -listed species and there is no associated federal action. Environmental groups frequently petition the USFWS to protect additional species and challenge regulatory and species listing decisions. The outcomes of Endangered Species Act litigation results in a dynamic regulatory environment. The USFWS manages future species listings via the National Domestic Listing Workplan, which was updated in March 2022. We monitor the workplan for upcoming species listings that might affect our operations and plans. In particular, we are paying attention to several species with workplan timing estimates in the next few years such as: tri-colored bat, little brown bat, plains spotted skunk, western bumble bee and monarch butterfly. It is difficult to predict if and how these potential future species listings might affect our operations because the USFWS may decline to list certain species or may list species with regulatory provisions or guidance that reduces or eliminates restrictions on our activities. 
 In November 2022, the USFWS published a final rule listing the lesser prairie-chicken as both an endangered species and a threatened species with a Section 4(d) rule. The lesser prairie-chicken occurs in southeastern Colorado and eastern New Mexico where we have facilities and overlaps with some of our project plans and land holdings. The final rule lists the lesser prairie-chicken as threatened and endangered in the northern and southern portions of its range respectively. As proposed, our existing infrastructure and planned project are in the northern portion where the less restrictive threatened status and the accompanying Section 4(d) rule would apply. The USFWS has also approved a private entity s habitat mitigation bank, and an incidental take permit for the lesser prairie-chicken. Electric utilities can choose to participate in these programs and we are planning to utilize both to serve our Endangered Species Act compliance needs for a planned new transmission line in southeastern Colorado. It is not anticipated that operations and maintenance of our existing transmission lines would be affected by the lesser prairie-chicken listing based on how the USFWS currently defines habitat for the species (e.g. excludes areas of existing disturbance, such as transmission lines). 
 23 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by various risks, including those described below. 
 
 Members and Regulatory Risks 
 Utility Member withdrawal disputes, including, but not limited to, the amount of the contract termination payment, challenges to our addition of Non-Utility Members, and uncertainty of Utility Member withdrawals, may materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, long-term system resource planning, our long-term debt, our liquidity and our access to capital. 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a Member may withdraw from membership in us upon compliance with such equitable terms and conditions as our Board may prescribe provided, however, that no Member shall be permitted to withdraw until it has met all its contractual obligations to us. In October 2021, FERC accepted our Board approved modified contract termination payment methodology, subject to refund. FERC set the modified methodology for hearing and instituted a concurrent FPA section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified methodology. After a May 2022 hearing, in September 2022, the administrative law judge issued an initial decision. The judge's initial decision did not include a contract termination payment number, but stated it "appears to achieve an exit fee close to that of" our debt covenant obligation set forth in our contract termination payment methodology tariff. We and United Power have differing positions on the contract termination payment number based upon the initial decision with United Power's number much lower. Because we, United Power and other parties filed exceptions to the initial decision, the initial decision and exceptions are pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision. The administrative law judge's initial decision is not binding upon FERC and the contract termination payment approved by FERC may be different. See BUSINESS MEMBERS Relationship with Members. 
 In April 2022, both United Power and NRPPD provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. In January 2023, MPEI provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with a February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. See "BUSINESS MEMBERS Relationship with Members." While these three Utility Members have provided notices to withdraw, there is no certainty that they will be able to pay the contract termination payment required upon withdraw or will actually withdraw as they have asserted. This uncertainty makes long-term system resource planning difficult and makes it more expensive to plan and operate our business. 
 United Power has filed a complaint against us and our Non-Utility Members challenging our addition of our Non-Utility Members. United Power is seeking monetary damages against us and has asserted damages in excess of 530 million. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 If United Power is successful in its complaint against us resulting in the COPUC or any other state commission or state regulatory body having jurisdiction over the terms and conditions for a Utility Member s withdrawal from us, and if the COPUC or any other state jurisdiction or state regulatory body determines the terms and conditions for a Utility Member to withdraw that do not leave our remaining Utility Members in the same economic position after a Utility Member terminates its wholesale electric service contract as the remaining Utility Members would have been had the Utility Member not terminated the contract , it may materially impact us. If FERC determines the terms and conditions for a Utility Member to withdraw that are less than the monetary value as calculated pursuant to our modified contract termination payment methodology and a Utility Member withdraws, it may materially impact us. If our modified contract termination payment methodology underestimates the monetary value of a Utility Member s obligation or a significant number of our Utility Members withdraw, it may materially impact us. If United Power is successful in seeking monetary damages against us, it may materially impact us. If negative conclusions about our financial condition, results of operations, long-term system resource planning and our long-term debt are drawn from the initial decision by the administrative law judge or final decision by the Commissioners of FERC for the contract termination payment or any testimony we submit in connection with withdrawal disputes, it may materially impact us. FERC approval of a contract termination payment methodology that requires low payments by withdrawing Utility Members could cause a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement). This, in turn, could materially impact us. 
 The material impacts of some or all of the above items occurring could include a significant increase in rates to our remaining Utility Members, additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw from our Utility Members, an inability to meet the DSR requirement in our Master Indenture that if not cured or waived could result in an event of default, a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations including our liquidity, an inability to issue additional secured debt under our Master Indenture, a material hindrance in our long-term system resource planning, and we may be required to offer a prepayment of certain of our long-term debt. In addition, an offer of prepayment or prepayment of certain of 
 24 

Table of C ontents 

 our long-term debt could be viewed by lenders as triggering an event of default under the cross-default provision of certain of our loan agreements, including our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement that provides backup for our commercial paper program. If such debt is accelerated due to the cross-default provision and we are unable to pay such accelerated debt, our lenders could assert that there is an event of default under the Master Indenture. 
 As we are subject to rate regulation by FERC, our ability to raise our wholesale rates to our Utility Members is limited and challenges to or a delay in implementing our rate change filing in 2023 could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Wholesale rate changes for our Utility Members must be approved by a majority of our Board, which is comprised of one representative from each of our Utility Members and is also subject to FERC approval or acceptance. FERC has accepted our existing Class A wholesale rate structure (A-40) to our Utility Members as a stated rate. As part of the FERC approved settlement agreement related to our Utility Member stated rate, we and the settlement parties have agreed, with limited exceptions, to a moratorium on any filings related to our Class A rate schedule, including any rate increases to our Class A rate schedule. We have also agreed to file a new Class A rate schedule after May 31, 2023 and prior to September 1, 2023. We established a rate design committee to oversee the development of the new rate and expect to file a new rate in the summer of 2023. See "BUSINESS RATE REGULATION." Upon our rate change filing in 2023 with FERC that is expected to include a rate increase, some of Utility Members are likely to contested such filing and it may delay the implementation of a new rate or result in a rate refund. 
 The moratorium on any rate increases to our Class A rate schedule until after May 31, 2023 has required us to utilize previously deferred membership withdrawal income in 2022 and we expect to use all or substantially all of our remaining deferred revenues and incomes in 2023. In addition, if unexpected events occur and we do not have sufficient deferred revenues and incomes, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and we might not meet the DSR requirement of 1.10 in our Master Indenture or be able to issue additional secured debt under our Master Indenture. A DSR below 1.025 would require us to transfer all cash to a special fund managed by our Trustee and any breach of the DSR requirement, if not cured or waived, could also constitute an event of default under our Master Indenture. Even if we manage to maintain a DSR above the requirement of 1.10 in our Master Indenture in the interim, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to meet this requirement in the future without undertaking mitigation efforts. 
 Challenges to the rates approved by our Board and filed with FERC for approval, including our next rate change developed as part of the settlement agreement that will be filed in 2023, could make it difficult for us to adjust the wholesale rates to our Utility Members as completely or rapidly as necessary in response to changes in our operations or market conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we might not meet the DSR requirement in our Master Indenture and may not be able to issue additional secured debt under our Master Indenture. 
 Furthermore, our ability to create a regulatory asset or the utilization of regulatory liabilities, including those associated with the early retirements of our generating facilities to implement the Responsible Energy Plan, requires FERC approval. If we are unable to obtain FERC approval, the cost of electric service we provide to our Utility Members could increase and, as a result, could affect their ability to perform their contractual obligations to us. In addition, we may experience additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw from our Utility Members. 
 FERC may also review our rates upon its own initiative or upon complaint and order a reduction of any rates determined to be unjust, unreasonable, or otherwise unlawful and order a refund for amounts collected during such proceedings in excess of the just, reasonable, and lawful rates. 
 In addition to FERC's jurisdiction over our wholesale rates to our Utility Members, FERC also regulates our market-based rate authority and our transmission service rates. If we are not successful in our application to re-authorize our market based rate authorization in the WACM balancing authority area or we no longer have market-based rate authority in other balancing authority areas, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If FERC were to require a reduction in our transmission service rates, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 If United Power is successful in its complaint regarding our addition of our Non-Utility Members, we may be subject to liability to United Power. We may also be subject to further and increased pressure by state regulatory agencies, including the COPUC, to regulate our rates and charges to our Utility Members, including the contract termination payment methodology associated with Utility Member withdrawals and any buy-down payment methodology associated with partial requirements contracts. 
 25 

Table of C ontents 

 The perceived competitiveness of our wholesale rates by our Utility Members could result in continued and additional Utility Member unrest. 
 Our mission is to provide our Utility Members with a reliable, affordable and responsible supply of electricity in accordance with cooperative principles. While the price and volatility for wholesale electricity has increased substantially in the past couple years, the perceived competitiveness of our wholesale rates by our Utility Members may result in continued Utility Member unrest. 
 As part of the 2021 settlement agreement related to our Utility Member stated rate, we implemented a two-stage, graduated reduction in the charges making up our Class A rate schedule of 4 percent in total until the date a new Class A wholesale rate schedule is approved by FERC and goes into effect. See BUSINESS RATE REGULATION. In 2023, as part of our next rate change filing, we expect such change will include an increase in rates in excess of the 4 percent reduction that we implemented as part of the settlement agreement. Although we implemented a cost cutting initiative and have shared the results of such with our Utility Members, along with the rationale for a rate increased, there can be no guarantee that such will address their concerns for the need for our rate increase filing in 2023. If our Utility Members do not believe that we have adequately addressed their concerns through our cost-cutting initiative and rationale for a rate increase, we may experience challenges to our rate increase filing at FERC, continued and additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw, unfavorable media coverage, credit ratings downgrades, additional laws and regulations targeted at us, or other negative consequences which may impact our financial condition and future plans. 
 The limitations on Utility Members' self-supply options could result in continued and additional Utility Member unrest. 
 Our wholesale electric service contract requires each Utility Member to purchase and receive from us, at least 95 percent of the power required for the operation of the Utility Member's system. Each Utility Member may elect to provide up to 5 percent of its requirements from distributed or renewable generation owned or controlled by the Utility Member. 
 One of the important elements of our Responsible Energy Plan is increased member flexibility, and our Board has approved a community solar program and partial requirements structure. The community solar program is one of the four reserved issues pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision and a hearing before an administrative law judge at FERC on our buy-down payment methodology related to partial requirements, which is scheduled to start on October 24, 2023. See "BUSINESS RATE REGULATION." 
 If we are unsuccessful in implementing increased member flexibility, we may experience continued and additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw, unfavorable media coverage, credit ratings downgrades, additional laws and regulations targeted at us, or other negative consequences which may impact our financial condition and future plans. 
 If FERC determines the terms and conditions for a Utility Member to transition to partial requirements that are less than the monetary value as calculated pursuant to our buy-down payment methodology and a Utility Member transitions, it may materially impact us. If our buy-down payment methodology underestimates the monetary value of a Utility Member s obligation or a significant number of our Utility Members transition to partial requirements, it may materially impact us. 
 Increased competition could reduce demand for our electric sales. 
 The electric utility industry has experienced increasing wholesale competition, enabled by deregulation and revisions to existing regulatory policies, competing energy suppliers, including third party energy remarketing companies, new technology, and other factors. Competing energy suppliers are targeting our Utility Members by claiming to be able to offer lower priced and cleaner wholesale electric power. This includes assisting our former and existing Utility Members in seeking to withdraw from membership in us and financing the withdrawal payment by our Utility Members. On the retail side, states in which our Utility Members service territories are located do not have retail competition legislation. However, these states could enact retail competition legislation which could reduce our electricity demand from our Utility Members and the pool from which we recover fixed costs, resulting in higher rates to our Utility Members. Competing energy suppliers are also targeting the communities and tribes our Utility Members serve by claiming to be able to offer lower priced and cleaner wholesale electric power. It also includes assisting the communities and tribes our Utility Members serve by helping them create electric utilities or seek new power suppliers. In addition, federal legislation could mandate retail choice in every state. 
 We and our Utility Members are subject to regulations issued by FERC pursuant to PURPA with respect to matters involving the purchase of electricity from, and the sale of electricity to, qualifying facilities and co-generators. In June 2015, FERC clarified that the 5 percent limitation in our wholesale electric service contracts with our Utility Members related to distributed or renewable generation owned or controlled by our Utility Members did not supersede PURPA and the requirement 
 26 

Table of C ontents 

 of our Utility Members to purchase power from qualifying facilities. An increase in the number and/or size of qualifying facilities selling electricity to our Utility Members could reduce our electricity demand from our Utility Members. 
 A number of other significant factors have affected electric utility operations, including the availability and cost of fuel for electric energy generation; the use of alternative fuel sources for space and water heating and household appliances; fluctuating rates of load growth; compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations; licensing and other factors affecting the construction, operation and cost of new and existing facilities; and the effects of conservation, energy management, and other governmental regulations on electric energy use. All of these factors present an increasing challenge to companies in the electric utility industry, including our Utility Members and us, to reduce costs, increase efficiency and innovation, and improve resource management. 
 We may face competition as a result of the factors described above, including competition from qualifying facilities, other utilities, competing energy suppliers, fuel sources or as a result of technological innovations. Technological innovations may include methods or products that allow consumers to bypass the electric supplier, to switch fuels or to reduce consumption. These innovations may include, but are not limited to, demand response, distributed generation, energy storage and microgrids. Competition from other utilities and competing energy suppliers may consist of competition from other electric companies, helping our Utility Members withdrawal from membership in us, annexations by municipalities, helping municipalities and tribes our Utility Members serve create electric utilities, and competition for the sale of excess power to non-members on both a short-term and long-term basis. If competition increases, additional Utility Members may withdraw, rates to our remaining Utility Members may increase or our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our Utility Members have a substantial number of industrial and large commercial customers who could decrease operations, shut down, or elect to self-generate in the future. 
 Based on the information available to us by our Utility Members, which is 2021 data in most cases and not independently verified by us, industrial and large commercial customers account for approximately 34 percent of our Utility Members energy sales. A large percentage of these sales are in energy production, extraction and transportation. The 15 largest customers of our Utility Members, a substantial percentage of which are in energy production, extraction and transportation, total approximately 15 percent of the aggregate retail electric energy sales of our Utility Members, based on the same data from our Utility Members. High inflation and rising interest rates, an economic downturn, volatile energy and fuel prices, increased demand for renewable energy, additional government restrictions imposed on extractive industries, or other changes in business conditions could affect the level of energy sales to our Utility Members' large commercial customers. Future sales to large commercial customers could decrease should these large commercial customers decide to decrease their operations, shut down operations, or elect to self-generate . 
 Regulatory resource planning requirements may impact our financial condition and future plans. 
 In Colorado, we are required to file and obtain COPUC approval for our Electric Resource Plan where the social cost of CO 2 emissions associated with our plan is considered, along with other factors. In April 2022, Phase I of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan was approved and in February 2023, we filed our 2020 Electric Resource Plan Phase II implementation report identifying our preferred portfolio for resource acquisitions in the 2025-2026 timeframe. The COPUC may approve, condition, modify, or reject our preferred portfolio which may impact our future plans and financial condition. See " BUSINESS POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Resource Planning." 
 We are required to file our next Phase I Electric Resource Plan with the COPUC in 2023. We will identify our preferred electric resource plan in the Phase I Electric Resource Plan filing. Some stakeholders may advocate for COPUC approval of Electric Resource Plan scenarios that model the early retirement of certain generation facilities or seek other changes to our generation operations. This may impact our financial condition and future plans. 
 Other states in which we operate may also implement laws or regulations that require us to also file resource plans in their state. Multiple state resource plan requirements may lead to additional costs to comply with unique requirements and impact our future plans. 
 Our financial condition is largely dependent upon our Utility Members. 
 Our financial condition is largely dependent upon our Utility Members satisfying their obligations under their wholesale electric service contracts with us. In 2022, 82.4 percent of our revenues from electric sales were from our Utility Members. We do not control the operations of our Members, and their financial condition is not tied to our results of operations. Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that one or more of our Utility Members could default in the performance of their obligations to us under their wholesale electric service contract. A default could result from financial difficulties of one or more 
 27 

Table of C ontents 

 Utility Members or because of intentional actions by our Utility Members. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if a significant portion of our Utility Members default on their obligations to us, and such Utility Members default could trigger an event of default under certain of our loan agreements. 
 Our cooperative business model is facing increasing challenges. 
 As a member-owned cooperative, we are facing increasing challenges to our cooperative business model. There are increasing challenges to our governance structure, the long-term nature of our wholesale electric service contracts, limitations in our wholesale electric service contracts in the amount of self-supply provided to our Utility Members, and the transition to a cleaner generation portfolio. We are also facing increasing regulatory oversight and prospects of future laws and regulations that could change our governance structure and cooperative business model. If we are not able to address or mitigate these challenges, we may experience additional laws and regulations targeted at us, additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw, unfavorable media coverage or other negative consequences which may impact our financial condition and future plans. 
 We may be held liable for the actions or omissions of our Members, despite the fact that we and our Members are separate legal entities and we do not own, operate, control or have the right to control our Members. 
 Litigation seeking to impose liability on us for the actions of our Utility Members have occurred. The plaintiffs in these actions have claimed that we are jointly liable for the actions of our Utility Members, including under theories of partnership, joint venture, joint/common enterprise, or alter ego. Although a jury determined in one case that we and one of our Utility Members do not operate as a joint venture or joint enterprise, there can be no assurance that a court or jury will determine in the future that we are not severally liable or jointly liable for the actions of our Members. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if courts or juries determine we are severally or jointly liable for the actions of our Members. 
 
 Environmental Risks 
 Compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, including RPS/RES, may increase our costs of operation and further affect the utilization of current generation facilities and satisfying asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations are significant. 
 As with most electric utilities, we are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental requirements that regulate, among other things, air emissions, water discharges and the use and management of hazardous and solid wastes. Compliance requires significant expenditures for the installation, maintenance and operation of pollution control equipment, monitoring systems and other equipment or facilities, including the settlement of asset retirement obligations and expenses for environmental reclamation obligations. Furthermore, it is expected for existing environmental regulations to become increasingly stringent and for us to be subject to new legislation or regulation, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions or renewable or clean energy standards. The Biden administration has stated it has a goal to achieve a carbon pollution-free power sector by 2035 and to put the United States on a path to a net-zero economy by 2050. 
 The existing and any additional federal, state or local environmental restrictions imposed on our operations, including RPS/RES requirements imposed on us or our Utility Members, could result in significant additional costs, including capital expenditures. Implementation of regulations or more stringent standards may require us to modify the design or operation of existing facilities or purchase emission allowances. In addition, implementation of regulations on existing legislation or more stringent standards or costs could further affect generating facilities retirement and replacement decisions, including the shutting down of additional generating facilities or the shutting down of individual coal-fired generating facilities earlier than scheduled, and may substantially increase the cost of electricity to our Utility Members. In 2022, our existing generating facilities generated approximately 54.3 percent of our energy available for sale, a substantial percentage of which is generated by coal-fired generating facilities. The cost impact of the implementation of regulation from existing legislation and future legislation or regulation will depend upon the specific requirements thereof and cannot be determined at this time, but could be significant, including increases in our operating expenses and potential stranded costs and investments in new generation and transmission. See "BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS" for additional information regarding certain environmental regulations addressing limitations on greenhouse gas emissions and RPS/RES. 
 The cost estimates for asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations are based upon information using various assumptions related to closure, post-closure and operating costs, the timing of future cash outlays, inflation and discount rates, and the potential compliance method. We continue to evaluate these obligations and make adjustment to these costs as needed. 
 28 

Table of C ontents 

 Litigation relating to environmental issues, including claims of property damage or personal injury caused by greenhouse gas emissions, has increased generally throughout the United States. Likewise, actions by private citizen groups to enforce environmental laws and regulations are becoming increasingly prevalent. 
 There can be no assurance that we will always be in compliance with all environmental requirements or that we will not be subject to future or additional RPS/RES requirements or regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions. Failure to comply with existing and future requirements, even if this failure is caused by factors beyond our control, could result in civil and criminal penalties and could cause the complete, temporary or permanent shutdown of individual generating units not in compliance with these regulations. 
 We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disasters and resource depletion impacts. 
 Climate change can create physical and financial risks. Physical risks include changes in weather conditions and an increase in extreme weather events. The energy needs of our Utility Members customers' vary with weather. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, such customers energy use could increase or decrease. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in new generation and transmission. Decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. 
 Climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. The price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. The cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, could impact the availability of goods and the prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of greenhouse gas emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions. To the extent insurance markets view climate change and emissions of greenhouse gas emissions as an insurance risk or elect not to insure generation facilities that have greenhouse gas emissions, this could negatively affect our ability to obtain insurance or cause us to obtain insurance with higher deductibles, higher premiums, lower insurable amounts, or more restrictive policy terms. 
 Our Utility Members' service territories are exposed to extreme weather, including high winds, thunderstorms, blizzards, drought, flooding, ice storms, and tornados. These severe weather events can physically damage our facilities and our Utility Members' facilities. Any such occurrence both disrupts the ability to deliver energy and increases costs. Extreme weather can also reduce usage and demand for energy of our Utility Members' customers and could result in us incurring obligations to third parties related to such events. These factors could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service to our Utility Members. Periods of extreme temperatures could impact our ability to meet demand. Changes in precipitation resulting in droughts or water shortages could adversely affect our operations. Drought conditions in the western part of the United States, especially in the southwest United States, may continue to impact the water levels at reservoirs used by WAPA to supply us hydroelectric based power and may result in further reduction in the amount of capacity and energy allocated from WAPA, which may be material, and may further increase the cost of such to us. This could require us to purchase power to serve our Utility Members and/or reduce our ability to sell excess power on the wholesale market and reduce revenues. Drought conditions or actions taken by the court system, regulators, or legislators could also limit our supply of water, which could adversely impact operations of our generating facilities, cause early retirement of generating facilities and increase the cost for energy . Drought conditions also contribute to the increase in wildfire risk from our facilities. While we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if we are found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 Operating Risks 
 We are subject to increasing supply chain risk that could impact the timing of construction and the cost of additional facilities and the operation of our existing facilities. 
 A significant disruption in the global supply chain for the procurement and delivery of equipment for the construction of additional facilities, including transmission facilities, and operation of our existing facilities, along with workforce availability and inflation, could impact the timing and costs of the construction and operation of our facilities. Supply chain issues, along with the United States Department of Commerce anti-circumvention investigation regarding solar panels, are also impacting the construction of generating facilities related to our long-term power purchase agreements. Continued or increased disruptions could cause us to seek alternative supply at potentially higher costs and supply shortages may not be fully resolved, 
 29 

Table of C ontents 

 which could impact our ability to construct additional facilities and delivery power to our Utility Members, which could have an adverse effect on future revenues and costs, which could be material. In addition, supply chain issues could require us to operate other generating facilities at higher cost or pay significantly higher prices to obtain electric power from other sources, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of fuel, which could limit our ability to operate our facilities. 
 We obtain our fuel supplies, including coal, natural gas and oil, from a number of different suppliers, including mines that we own. Any disruptions in our fuel supplies, including disruptions due to weather, rail transportation, labor relations, communicable diseases, permitting, regulatory matters, environmental regulations, or other factors affecting our coal mines or fuel suppliers, could result in us having insufficient levels of fuel supplies. For example, various rail transportation issues have caused transportation companies to be unable to perform their contractual obligations to deliver coal on a timely basis and have resulted in lower than normal coal inventories at certain of our generating facilities that have resulted in reduced operations at such facilities. Inventory shortages could continue to occur in the future due to any of the disruptions described above. Natural gas and oil supplies can also be subject to disruption due to operational issues, natural disasters, extreme weather, and other events. Any failure to maintain an adequate inventory of fuel supplies could require us to operate other generating facilities at higher cost or pay significantly higher prices to obtain electric power from other sources, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Early retirements of our existing generating facilities may impact reliability for our Utility Member s. 
 The early retirement (prior to announced retirement date) of our former and existing generating facilities, including Craig Station, may impact our ability to deliver reliable electric power to our Utility Members. Early closure of existing generating facilities will result in us having less excess capacity, will make us more reliant upon our remaining dispatchable generating facilities, and may require us to construct additional dispatchable generating facilities. As we pursue a transition to a cleaner generation portfolio with the addition of more intermittent renewable resources, we may have increased reliability risk especially during extreme weather events that may impact the supply of natural gas to our gas-fired generating facilities, the operation of our transmission system and the delivery of electric power to our Utility Members. 
 Increased reliability risk could have the effect of increasing the cost of electric service we provide to our Utility Members and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, we may experience additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw from our Utility Members. 
 We may experience transmission constraints or limitations to transmission access, and our ability to construct, and the cost of, additional transmission is uncertain. 
 We currently experience periodic constraints on our transmission system and those of other utilities used to transmit energy from our remote generators due to periodic maintenance activities, equipment failures and other system conditions. We manage these constraints using alternative generation dispatch and energy purchasing patterns. The long-term solution for reducing transmission constraints can include joining a regional transmission organization, purchasing additional wheeling service from other utilities, or construction of additional transmission lines which would require significant capital expenditures. 
 As part of our Responsible Energy Plan, we plan to increase our renewable portfolio, and as other utilities are also increasing their renewable portfolios, the addition of renewable resources is expected to increase the demand for access to existing transmission lines, making it difficult for us to acquire transmission capacity, and we expect it will be necessary for us to construct or pay for additional transmission lines. 
 In most cases, construction of transmission lines presents numerous challenges. Environmental and state and local permitting and sitting processes may result in significant inefficiencies and delays in construction. These issues are unavoidable and are addressed through long-term planning. We typically begin planning new transmission at least 10 years in advance of the need and voluntarily participate in regional and interregional transmission planning and cost allocation discussions with neighboring transmission providers. In the event that we are unable to complete construction of planned transmission expansion, we may be unable to implement aspects of our Responsible Energy Plan that meet the time and cost expectations of the clean energy transition, and we may need to rely on purchases of market priced electric power, which could put increased pressure on electric rates. 
 30 

Table of C ontents 

 We could be adversely affected if we or third parties are unable to successfully operate our facilities 
 Our performance depends on the successful operation of our facilities. Operating facilities involves many risks, including, among others: 
 operator error and breakdown or failure of long lead-time equipment or processes; 
 operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; 
 labor disputes; 
 problems resulting from an aging workforce and retirements; 
 ability to maintain and retain a knowledgeable workforce; 
 work slowdown or stoppages due to communicable diseases or other factors; 
 availability and cost of equipment and fuel; 
 supply chain interruptions, including transportation interruptions; 
 availability and cost of water; 
 water supply interruptions; 
 extreme weather events, including high or low temperatures, severe thunderstorms, drought, and wildfires; 
 catastrophic events, such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods or other similar occurrences; and 
 compliance with mandatory reliability standards when such standards are adopted and as subsequently revised. 
 Unforeseen outages at our generating facilities or transmission facilities could lead to higher costs because we may be required to purchase power in volatile electric power markets. With the closures of our generating facilities and planned closure of additional generating facilities, the unforeseen outages of one or more of our remaining generating facilities may have a greater impact on us and lead to service outages and business interruptions, which could negatively impact our business and operations. A decrease or elimination of revenues from electric power produced by our generating facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities could adversely affect our results of operation. 
 We are exposed to uncertainty in connection with construction projects at existing generating facilities, third party generating facilities related to our long-term power purchase agreements, and new and existing transmission facilities, and in connection with decommissioning of certain existing facilities. 
 Our existing facilities require ongoing capital expenditures in order to maintain efficient and reliable operations. Many of our generating facilities were constructed over 30 years ago and, as a result, may require significant capital expenditures to maintain efficiency and reliability and to comply with changing environmental requirements. We also upgrade and build new transmission facilities to maintain reliability, for load growth, or for the accommodation of new generation. In the years 2023 through 2027, we estimate that we may invest approximately 658 million in new transmission facilities and upgrades to our existing transmission facilities. 
 As part of our Responsible Energy Plan, we have executed six solar-based power purchase contracts totaling 735 MWs for facilities that are expected to be constructed and achieve commercial operation in 2024. 
 The completion of construction projects is subject to substantial risks, including delays or cost overruns due to: 
 shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials and labor; 
 sitting, permits, approvals and other regulatory matters; 
 unforeseen engineering problems; 
 work slowdown or stoppages due to communicable diseases or other factors; 
 environmental and geological conditions; 
 31 

Table of C ontents 

 environmental litigation; 
 delays or increased costs to interconnect our facilities with transmission grids; 
 increased costs due to inflation; 
 governmental regulations and investigations, including the investigation regarding solar panels; 
 unanticipated increases in cost of materials and labor and supply chain interruptions; and 
 performance by engineering, construction or procurement contractors. 
 The early retirement of and decommissioning of certain of our existing generating facilities, including Craig Station, and the Colowyo Mine is subject to substantial risks. In addition, the early retirement of and decommissioning of additional existing generating facilities and the Colowyo Mine before the end of their useful life is subject to substantial risks, including potential requirements to recognize a material impairment of our assets and incur added expenses relating to accelerated depreciation and amortization, decommissioning, reclamation and cancellation of long-term contracts for such generating plants and facilities. Closure of any of such generating facilities may force us to incur higher costs for replacement capacity and energy, will make us more reliant upon our remaining generating facilities, and cause us to have less excess capacity. The decommissioning costs may exceed our estimate, which could negatively impact our results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our ability to create a regulatory asset to defer expenses associated with these early retirements or the utilization of regulatory liabilities requires FERC approval. 
 All of these risks could have the effect of increasing the cost of electric service we provide to our Utility Members and, as a result, could affect their ability to perform their contractual obligations to us. In addition, we may experience additional Utility Member unrest and desires to withdraw from our Utility Members. 
 Changes in power generation energy sources could reduce demand for our electric services. 
 Significant changes have taken place and are continuing in the electric industry related to self-generation and power generation energy sources such as battery storage and wind and solar- technologies. Increased adoption of these energy sources could reduce demand for fossil-generated electricity and the pool of customers from whom fixed costs are recovered or could cause the temporary or permanent shutdown of individual generating units, including the shutting down of additional coal-fired generating facilities or the shutting down of individual coal-fired generating facilities earlier than scheduled, resulting in higher rates to our Utility Members. Increased self-generation and the related use of net energy metering, which allows our Utility Members self-generating customers to receive bill credits for surplus power, could reduce demand for electricity from our Utility Members. If uptake of self-generation technologies were to occur at sufficient economies of scale and we were unable to adjust our prices to reflect reduced electricity demand and increased self-generation and net energy metering, the competitiveness of our facilities, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Volatile natural gas prices could have an adverse effect on the operation of our facilities and our cost of electric service. 
 The wholesale electricity price generally correlates with the wholesale natural gas price in most regions of the United States. Generally, low gas prices correlate to low wholesale electricity prices and could thereby reduce the competitiveness of our coal-fired generating facilities. Low natural gas prices cou ld negatively impact the economics of operating our coal-fired generating facilities, which could cause the temporary or permanent shutdown of individual coal-fired generating facilities, including the shutting down of additional coal-fired generating facilities or the shutting down of individual coal-fired generating facilities earlier than scheduled, thereby significantly increasing the cost of electric service we provide to our Utility Members and affecting their ability to perform their contractual obligations to us. High natural gas prices cou ld increase the cost of operating our natural gas-fired generating facilities and the price of short-term market purchases and energy imbalance charges from other utilities, thereby significantly increasing the cost of electric service we provide to our Utility Members and affecting their ability to perform their contractual obligations to us. 
 Losses from wildfires could adversely affect our financial condition, future results of operations, and cash flow. 
 We have ownership or capacity interests in approximately 5,849 miles of transmission lines, including transmission lines that cross through forest areas and grasslands. Certain of our transmission facilities are located on federal land and certain permits with the federal government impose strict liability on us up to a maximum cap related to our transmission facilities. If a wildfire involving our transmission facilities were to occur, we could be liable for property damage, costs of fire-fighting 
 32 

Table of C ontents 

 activities, and other costs, for which liability could be substantial and in excess of our liability insurance. Any such liability could materially affect us and our financial condition, future results of operations, and cash flow. 
 We rely on purchases of electric power from other power suppliers and long-term agreements to purchase and transport fuels and to sell electricity we generate, which exposes us to market and counterparty risks. 
 Our electric power supply strategy relies, in part, on purchases of electric power from other power suppliers. In 2022, purchased power provided 45.7 percent of our energy requirements. We expect the amount of energy we purchase to increase in the future with the closures of our coal-fired base load facilities and the increasing amount of renewable power purchase contracts. These purchases consist of a combination of purchases under long-term agreements and short-term market purchases of electric power. We also rely on long-term agreements with third parties to (a) manage our supply and transportation of fuel for our generating facilities, and (b) sell electricity we generate to non-member utilities. We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to these long-term agreements will breach their obligations to us or claim that we are in breach. We are also exposed to the risk that counterparties to our renewable power purchase contracts will be unable to construct the renewable generating facilities by the time period specified in the respective contract or at all. If this occurs, we may be forced to enter into alternative contractual arrangements or enter into short-term market transactions at then-current market prices. Purchasing electric power in the market exposes us, and consequently our Utility Members, to market price risk because electric power prices can fluctuate substantially over short periods of time. The terms of these new arrangements may be less favorable than the terms of our current agreements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 When we enter into long-term power purchase agreements, we rely on models based on our judgments and assumptions of factors such as future demand for electric power, future market prices of electric power and the future price of commodities used to generate electricity. These judgments and assumptions may prove to be incorrect. As a result, we may be obligated to purchase electric power under long-term agreements at a price which is higher than we could have obtained in alternative short-term arrangements. Conversely, our reliance on short-term market purchases exposes us to increases in electric power prices. 
 Our long-term power purchase contracts include contracts with WAPA and Basin, consisting of 11.1 percent and 14.7 percent, respectively, of our Utility Member energy sales in 2022 (in MWhs). We experience favorable pricing terms under our WAPA contracts under federal laws that give preference to federal hydropower production to "preference" customers, including cooperatives. If the federal laws under which we receive favorable pricing were to be amended or eliminated, if WAPA were to no longer provide us with power or favorable pricing for any other reason, or we were required to assign some or all of our power from WAPA to a third party, we would have to pay significantly higher prices to obtain this electric power, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operation s a nd our ability to implement aspects of our Responsible Energy Plan . The prices we pay for power under the WAPA and Basin contracts are determined by WAPA and Basin, respectively, and are subject to change in accordance with the terms of the contracts and certain FERC approval. If we would have to pay signific antly higher prices under these contracts, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 The widespread outbreak of a communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The widespread outbreak of a communicable disease, or any other public health crisis could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. COVID 19 has also disrupted the global supply chain and adversely impacted many of our suppliers. The extent to which the supply chain issues resulting from COVID 19 may continue to impact our results of operations, including the long-term nature of the impact, depends on numerous evolving factors, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 
 Financing Risks 
 Our ability to access short-term and long-term capital and our cost of capital could be adversely affected by various factors, including credit ratings and current market conditions, and significant constraints on our access to capital could adversely affect our financial condition and future results of operations. 
 We rely on access to short-term and long-term capital for construction of new facilities and upgrades to our existing facilities, and as a significant source of liquidity for capital expenditures not satisfied by cash flow generated from operations. In the years 2023 through 2027, we estimate that we may invest approximately 997 million in new facilities and upgrades to our existing facilities which may require us to take on additional long-term debt. 
 Our access to capital could be adversely affected by various factors and certain market disruptions could constrain, at least temporarily, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and to access capital on favorable terms, or at all. These factors and disruptions specific to us include: 
 33 

Table of C ontents 

 our credit ratings being downgraded; 
 financial markets view of our relationship with our Utility Members, including FERC determination of the modified contract termination payment methodology; 
 challenges or delays related wholesale rate changes for our Utility Members; 
 our wholesale electric service contracts with our Utility Members only extend through 2050 that may limit the length of future financings; and 
 financial markets view of our clean energy transition and the timing and progress of such transition. 
 Other factors and disruptions that may impact our access to capital include: 
 market conditions generally; 
 economic downturn or recession; 
 instability in the financial markets; 
 market pressures, including tightening of lending standards, and/or internal bank balance sheet constraints could prevent and/or lower our lenders' commitments to financings; 
 the overall health of the energy industry and the generation and transmission cooperative sector; 
 negative events in the energy industry, such as a bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company; 
 war or threat of war; and 
 terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on our facilities or the facilities of unrelated energy companies. 
 If our ability to access capital becomes significantly constrained for any of the reasons stated above or any other reason, our ability to finance ongoing capital expenditures required to maintain existing facilities and to construct future facilities could be limited, our interest costs could increase and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to market risks including economic downturns or recessions and instability in the financial markets, which could lead to changes in interest rates and availability of capital in credit markets. The interest rates on future borrowings could be significantly higher than interest rates on our existing debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 723.6 million of debt with variable rates. The rates on this debt could increase. 
 We maintain the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement which provides backup for our commercial paper program. The facility includes a letter of credit sublimit and a commercial paper backup sublimit, and financial covenants for DSR and ECR requirements consistent with the covenants in our Master Indenture. Failure to maintain these financial covenants or other covenants could preclude us from issuing commercial paper or from issuing letters of credit or from borrowing under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 We must make long-term decisions involving substantial capital expenditures based on current projections of future conditions. 
 Our decisions to meet our Utility Members load demands by construction of new generation, including energy storage facilities, such as batteries, and transmission facilities, by entering into long-term power purchase contracts, or by relying on short-term power purchase markets are based on long-term forecasts. We rely on our forecasts to predict factors affecting our Utility Members load demands such as economic conditions, population increases and actions by others in the development of generation and transmission facilities. Even though forecasts are less reliable the farther into the future they extend, we must make decisions based on forecasts that extend decades into the future due to the long-term nature of power purchase contracts, the long lead time necessary to develop and construct new facilities, and the long-term expected useful life of those facilities. 
 In April 2022, both United Power and NRPPD provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. In January 2023, MPEI provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with a February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. These three Utility Members represent 21.0 percent of our Utility Member sales in 2022. See "BUSINESS MEMBERS Relationship with Members." While these three Utility Members have provided 
 34 

Table of C ontents 

 notices to withdraw, there is no certainty that they will actually withdraw as they have asserted. This uncertainty makes long-term forecasting difficult. 
 Our Board has established a partial requirements option whereby a Utility Member can request to self-supply up to approximately 50 percent of its load requirements, subject to availability in the open season. During our partial requirements "open season," a total of six Utility Members have been allocated an aggregate of 300 MWs of self-supply. The Utility Members that choose the partial requirements option will be obligated to make a buy-down payment to us. A hearing before an administrative law judge at FERC on our buy-down payment methodology is scheduled to start on October 24, 2023. While six Utility Members elected this partial requirements option, there is no certainty that they will implement this option. This uncertainty makes long-term forecasting difficult. 
 Our forecasts and actual events may vary significantly, and, as a result, we may not develop the appropriate number or type of generating facilities, rely on technology that becomes less competitive, or install transmission facilities in areas where they are not needed. If we over-estimate the growth in our Utility Members demand or Utility Members withdraw, there is no assurance that the price of surplus power or energy from surplus resources would be economical or could be sold without a loss. If we underestimate the growth in our Members demand or Utility Members withdraw, we may be required to purchase power or energy at a cost substantially above the cost we would have incurred to obtain the power or generate the energy from owned facilities. 
 We operate in a capital-intensive industry and therefore debt comprises a majority of our capital structure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding of approximately 3.0 billion, of which approximately 2.7 billion was secured under our Master Indenture. We have incurred indebtedness primarily to construct, acquire, or make capital improvements to generation and transmission facilities to supply the current and projected electricity requirements of our Utility Members and to meet our other long-term electricity supply obligations. If demand for electricity from our Utility Members and under our long-term power sales agreements is materially less than projected, we might not generate sufficient revenue to meet the DSR and ECR requirements in our Master Indenture or to service our indebtedness. If this occurs, we may be required to raise our rates, revise our plans for capital expenditures and/or restructure our long-term commitments. These actions may adversely affect our operations, and we may be unable to generate sufficient additional revenue to pay our obligations. Further, failure to meet the ECR requirement in our Master Indenture or failure to service the indebtedness secured by the Master Indenture would result in an event of default under the Master Indenture and other loan agreements. Consequently, our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We expect we will need to construct or acquire additional generation, including energy storage facilities, such as batteries, and transmission facilities to meet our Utility Members demands, to comply with new CO 2 reduction and RPS/RES legislation, and to implement our Responsible Energy Plan and our Electric Resource Plan, which may require substantial additional capital expenditures that may increase our long-term debt, or for which we may not be able to obtain financing, and may result in development uncertainties for our business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs. 
 The financial condition of some insurance companies, actual or threatened physical attacks or cyberattacks, natural disasters, and views on climate change and emissions of CO 2 , among other things, could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The availability of insurance may decrease or be completely unavailable, and the insurance that we or the operators of our facilities are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, lower insurable amounts, or more restrictive policy terms. These issues could be viewed by lenders as triggering an event of default under certain provisions of certain of our loan agreements if a waiver or amendment cannot be obtained. Further, the insurance policies may not cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred. 
 Any losses not covered by insurance, or any increases in the cost of applicable insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow . 
 
 General Risks 
 If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or breaches of security, our operations could be disrupted and our financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of advanced information technology systems and network infrastructure. We rely on networks, information systems and other technology, including the Internet and third party hosted servers, to support a variety of business processes and activities. We use information systems to process 
 35 

Table of C ontents 

 financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Our generation and transmission assets and information technology systems, or those of our jointly owned plants, could be directly or indirectly affected by deliberate or unintentional cyber incidents. Our industry continues to see an increased volume and sophistication of cyber incidents. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, computer hackers, rogue employees or contractors, cyberattacks by criminal groups or activist organizations, ransomware, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. In addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information, including personally identifiable information. While there have been immaterial incidents of phishing and attempted financial fraud across our system, there has been no material impact on business or operations from these attacks. However, we cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of information technology systems and network infrastructure and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about employees, directors, and other third parties, and other confidential information. In some cases, administration of certain functions may be outsourced to third-party service providers that could also be targets of cyberattacks. 
 If our technology systems are breached or otherwise fail, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, including the operation of our generation and transmission assets and our ability to effectively maintain certain internal controls over financial reporting. Further, our generation assets rely on an integrated transmission system, a disruption of which could negatively impact our ability to deliver power to our Utility Members. A major cyber incident could result in significant business disruption, compromised or improper disclosure of data, and expenses to repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, regulatory action, including penalties or fines, and an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such cyber incident may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. In addition, as cybercriminals become more sophisticated, the cost of proactive defensive measures may increase. We also may have future compliance obligations related to new mandatory and enforceable NERC reliability standards addressing the impacts of geomagnetic disturbances and other physical security risks to the reliable operation of the bulk power system. 
 Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. The competition for talent has become increasingly intense and we may experience increased employee turnover due to this tightening labor market and challenges to attract a qualified workforce. Specialized knowledge is required of our technical employees for construction and operation of facilities. This may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain, and motivate employees in this climate, while maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment that enables all our employees to thrive. Failure to hire and adequately train and retain employees, including the transfer of significant historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. 
 We may be subject to physical attacks. 
 As operators of energy infrastructure, we are facing heightened risk of physical attacks on our electric systems. Our generation and transmission assets and systems are geographically dispersed and are often in rural or sparsely populated areas which make them especially difficult to adequately detect, defend from, and respond to such attacks. Recent physical attacks on other electric utilities in the United States and the coverage of such attacks by the media has further increased this risk and the risk of copycat attacks. 
 If, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack occurred, we could have our operations disrupted, property damaged, experience loss of revenues, response costs, and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 We also may have future compliance obligations related to new mandatory and enforceable NERC reliability standards addressing physical security risks for our transmission assets. These standards may require significant expenditures for the installation, maintenance and operation of monitoring systems and other equipment or facilities. 
 36 

Table of C ontents 

 A portion of our workforce is represented by unions. Failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements, strikes or work stoppages could cause our business to suffer. 
 Many of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our current collective bargaining agreements expire in April 2026. Strikes, work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms, enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms or otherwise manage changes in, or that affect, our workforce, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The terms and conditions of renegotiated or new collective bargaining agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 37 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Generating Facilities 
 We own, lease or have undivided percentage interests in various generating facilities which are identified in the table below. All of our interests in these facilities or agreements, as applicable, are subject to the lien of our Master Indenture. 
 Name Location Interest Owned or Leased Fuel Used Unit Rating (MW) Our Share (MW) Year Installed Coal Craig Generating Station Unit 1 Colorado 24.0 Coal 427 102 1980 Craig Generating Station Unit 2 Colorado 24.0 Coal 410 98 1979 Craig Generating Station Unit 3 Colorado 100.0 Coal 448 448 1984 Laramie River Generating Station Unit 1 Wyoming 28.5 Coal 560 1980 Laramie River Generating Station Unit 2 Wyoming 28.5 Coal 570 241 1981 Laramie River Generating Station Unit 3 Wyoming 28.5 Coal 570 243 1982 Springerville Generating Station Unit 3 Arizona 100.0 Coal 419 419 2006 Gas/Oil Burlington Generating Station Colorado 100.0 Oil 110 110 1977 J.M. Shafer Generating Station Colorado 100.0 Gas 272 272 1994 Knutson Generating Station Colorado 100.0 Gas/Oil 140 140 2002 Limon Generating Station Colorado 100.0 Gas/Oil 140 140 2002 Pyramid Generating Station New Mexico 100.0 Gas/Oil 160 160 2003 
 ___________________________________________ 
 The Unit Ratings and our share for each generating facility are subject to fluctuations to account for various operating conditions and environmental mitigation equipment requirements. 
 Craig Generating Station. Craig Station is a three unit, 1,285 MW coal fired electric generating facility located near Craig, Colorado. Craig Station Units 1 and 2 and related common facilities are known as the Yampa Project and jointly owned as tenants in common by us and four other regional utilities pursuant to a participation agreement. We own a 24 percent interest in Craig Station Units 1 and 2, which each have a capacity of 427 MWs and 410 MWs, respectively, and a 100 percent interest in Craig Station Unit 3, which has a capacity of 448 MWs. We are the operating agent for all three units and are responsible for the daily management, administration and maintenance of the facility. The costs associated with operating Craig Station Units 1 and 2 are divided on a pro-rata basis among all the participants. Our total share of Craig Station s capacity is 648 MWs. On September 1, 2016, we announced that the owners of Craig Station Unit 1 reached an agreement whereby Unit 1 is intended to be retired by December 31, 2025. We and the other joint owners of Craig Station Unit 2 intend to retire Craig Station Unit 2 by September 30, 2028. We intended to retire Craig Station Unit 3 by December 31, 2029. 
 Laramie River Generating Station. Laramie River Generating Station is a three-unit, 1,700 MW coal fired electric generating facility located near Wheatland, Wyoming and operated by Basin. Laramie River Generating Station and related transmission lines are known as the MBPP and are jointly owned as tenants in common by us and three other regional utilities pursuant to a participation agreement. We own a 28.5 percent interest in the total capacity of the facility. Certain costs associated with operating the facility are divided on a pro-rata basis among the participants, while other costs are shared in proportion to the generation scheduled and energy produced for each participant. Laramie River Generating Station Unit 1 is connected to the Eastern Interconnection, while Units 2 and 3 are connected to the Western Interconnection. Our share of Laramie River Generating Station s total capacity is 484 MWs, which we receive out of Units 2 and 3. 
 Springerville Generating Station Unit 3. Springerville Unit 3, located in east central Arizona, is a 419 MW unit that is part of a four-unit, 1,578 MW coal fired electric generating facility operated by TEP. Under contractual agreements, we, as the lessee of Springerville Unit 3, are taking 419 MWs of capacity from the unit and selling 100 MWs of such capacity to Salt River Project, and were selling 100 MWs of such capacity to PNM through September 2022. We own a 51 percent equity interest (including the 1 percent general partner equity interest) in Springerville Partnership, which owns Springerville Unit 3. Our leasehold interest, as the lessee of Springerville Unit 3, is subject to the lien of our Master Indenture, but Springerville Unit 3 is not subject to the lien of our Master Indenture. Springerville Unit 3 is subject to a mortgage and lien to secure the Springerville certificates. 
 38 

Table of C ontents 

 Burlington Generating Station. Burlington Generating Station consists of two 55 MW simple-cycle combustion turbines that operate on fuel oil and is located in Burlington, Colorado. The units are primarily operated during periods of peak demand. Burlington Generating Station is wholly owned and operated by us. 
 J.M. Shafer Generating Station. J.M. Shafer Generating Station is a 272 MW, natural gas-fired, combined-cycle generating facility located near Fort Lupton, Colorado, which is primarily operated to provide intermediate load generating capacity. 
 Knutson Generating Station. Knutson Generating Station consists of two 70 MW simple-cycle combustion turbines that can operate on either natural gas or fuel oil and is located near Brighton, Colorado. The units are primarily operated during periods of peak demand. Knutson Generating Station is wholly owned and operated by us. 
 Limon Generating Station. Limon Generating Station consists of two 70 MW simple-cycle combustion turbines that can operate on either natural gas or fuel oil and is located near Limon, Colorado. The units are primarily operated during periods of peak demand. Limon Generating Station is wholly owned and operated by us. 
 Pyramid Generating Station. Pyramid Generating Station consists of four 40 MW simple-cycle combustion turbines that can operate on either natural gas or fuel oil and is located near Lordsburg, New Mexico. The units are primarily operated during periods of peak demand. Pyramid Generating Station is wholly owned and operated by us. 
 Transmission 
 As of December 31, 2022, we own, lease, or have undivided percentage interest in transmission lines as described in the following table (estimated miles based on Geographic Information System): 
 Voltage (kV) Miles 69 56 115 3,322 138 173 230 1,198 345 1,100 Total 5,849 
 We are an ownership participant in the MBPP (Laramie River Generating Station) and Yampa Project (Craig Station Units 1 and 2) transmission systems and have ownership interests or capacity rights in several other transmission line participation projects. Transmission investment also includes ownership or major equipment ownership in 422 substations and switchyards. All our interests in these facilities or agreements, as applicable, are subject to the lien of our Master Indenture. 
 Coal Mines 
 We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Colowyo Coal, own the Colowyo Mine, which is a surface mine located near Craig, Colorado. The Colowyo Mine is our only mine that we own that has active mining operations. In January 2020, we announced that our Board approved the early retirement of the Colowyo Mine. The Colowyo Mine is expected to cease coal production by 2030, at which time operations would turn entirely to reclamation. 
 We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Elk Ridge, also own the New Horizon Mine, which is located near Nucla, Colorado. The New Horizon Mine is in post-reclamation monitoring and no longer produces coal. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information required by this Item is contained in "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in Exhibit 95 to this annual report on Form 10 K. 
 39 

Table of C ontents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 40 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 We are a taxable wholesale electric power generation and transmission cooperative operating on a not for profit basis. We were formed by our Utility Members for the purpose of providing wholesale power and transmission services to our Utility Members (which are distribution electric cooperatives and public power districts) for their resale of the power to their retail consumers. Our Utility Members serve large portions of Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. We also sell a portion of our generated electric power to other utilities in our regions pursuant to long term contracts and short-term sale arrangements. Our Utility Members provide retail electric service to suburban and rural residences, farms and ranches, cities, towns and communities, as well as large and small businesses and industries. 
 We are owned entirely by our forty-five Members. We have three classes of membership: Class A- utility full requirements members, Class B - utility partial requirements members, and Non-Utility Members. For our forty-two Class A members, we provide electric power pursuant to long-term wholesale electric service contracts. We currently have no Class B members, and therefore all our Utility Members are currently Class A members. We have three Non-Utility Members. Thirty-eight of our Utility Members are not-for-profit, electric distribution cooperative associations. Four Utility Members are public power districts, which are political subdivisions of the State of Nebraska. We became regulated as a public utility under Part II of the FPA on September 3, 2019 when we admitted a Non-Utility Member, MIECO, Inc. (non-governmental/non-electric cooperative entity), as a new Member/owner. 
 We supply and transmit our Utility Members electric power requirements through a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long-term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases. We own, lease, have undivided percentage interests in, or long-term purchase contracts with respect to various generating facilities. Our diverse generation portfolio provides us with maximum available power of 4,355 MWs, of which approximatel y 1,366 M Ws comes from renewables. 
 In 2022, we sold 18.6 million MWhs, of which 88.8 percent was to Utility Members. Total revenue from electric sales was 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 82.4 percent was from Utility Member sales. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily impacted by drought conditions and lower coal fired generating facility availability, which resulted in increased energy demand, increased expenses and increased rate stabilization measures. 
 Utility Member electric sales increased 51.9 million, or 4.5 percent, primarily due to higher sales volume as load returned to pre-pandemic levels and drought conditions in the West created greater demand for irrigation and higher temperatures resulted in increased cooling needs. 
 Non-member electric sales increased 48.4 million, or 42.2 percent, primarily due to higher long-term and short-term market sales during 2022. 
 Rate stabilization represents recognition of income from withdrawal of former Utility Members from membership in us or non-member electric sales revenue that was previously deferred in accordance with accounting requirements related to regulated operations. We recognized 95.6 million of previously deferred membership withdrawal income during 2022 compared to 78.5 million of previously deferred non-member electric sales revenue during 2021 as part of our rate stabilization measures. 
 Purchased power expense increased 28.0 million, or 7.3 percent, primarily due to coal transportation constraints at a certain generating facility that resulted in reduced generation from that facility and outages at certain generating facilities both of which resulted in higher short-term purchases of power during 2022. 
 Fuel expense increased 93.0 million, or 39.4 percent, primarily due to higher natural gas prices resulting from increased demand and constraints on supply resulting from market conditions, along with higher transportation costs for coal. 
 General and administrative expense increased 22.4 million, or 39.1 percent, primarily due to lower recoveries of general and administrative costs from joint project activities, an increase in outside professional services and an overall increase in expenses related to general and administration labor and benefits. 
 Other operating expenses increased 46.3 million primarily due to the recording of an additional environmental obligation of 44.9 million related to revised cost estimates of the environmental reclamation obligation at the New Horizon Mine. 
 
 Our Bylaws and Wholesale Electric Service Contracts 
 Our Bylaws require each Utility Member, unless otherwise specified in a written agreement or the terms of the Bylaws, to purchase from us electric power and energy as provided in the Utility Member's contract with us. This contract is the 
 41 

Table of C ontents 

 wholesale electric service contract with each Utility Member, which is an all-requirements contract. Each wholesale electric service contract obligates us to sell and deliver to the Utility Member, and obligates the Utility Member to purchase and receive, at least 95 percent of its electric power requirements from us. Our wholesale electric service contracts with our 42 Utility Members extend through 2050. Each Utility Member may elect to provide up to 5 percent of its electric power requirements from distributed or renewable generation owned or controlled by the Utility Member. As of December 31, 2022, 21 Utility Members have enrolled in this program with capacity totaling approximately 141 MWs of which 131 MWs are in operation. See "BUSINESS MEMBERS" for a description of our wholesale electric service contract. 
 Pursuant to our wholesale electric service contracts with our Utility Members, we convened a contract committee in 2019 and 2020, consisting of a representative from each Utility Member, to review the wholesale electric service contracts and to discuss alternative contracts for our Utility Members, including partial requirements contracts. Upon recommendations from the contract committee, our Board approved a community solar program, a partial requirements structure, including a buy-down payment methodology, and a methodology to calculate a contract termination payment. See "BUSINESS MEMBERS." 
 Under the new partial requirements membership construct, Utility Members can request to self-supply up to approximately 50 percent of their load requirements, subject to availability in the open season, in addition to the current 5 percent self-supply provision under the wholesale electric service contract and the community solar program. During our partial requirements "open season," a total of six Utility Members have been allocated an aggregate of 300 MWs of self-supply. No Utility Member has executed a partial requirements contract to become a Class B member. 
 The Utility Members that choose the partial requirements option will be obligated to make a buy-down payment to us. Our Board-approved buy-down payment methodology for a Class A member to become a Class B member was accepted by FERC in 2020, subject to refund. FERC referred it to FERC's hearing and settlement procedures. In December 2022, FERC rejected a proposed settlement agreement that we filed in April 2022 related to our buy-down payment methodology because United Power contested it. A hearing on our buy-down payment methodology is scheduled to start on October 24, 2023. For further information see BUSINESS MEMBERS - Relationship with Members . 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, a Member may only withdraw from membership in us upon compliance with such equitable terms and conditions as our Board may prescribe provided, however, that no Member shall be permitted to withdraw until it has met all its contractual obligations to us. In September 2021, we filed with FERC a modified contract termination payment methodology tariff. The modified contract termination payment methodology is designed to protect the financial interests of our remaining Utility Members should a Utility Member elect to withdraw from membership in us. Our September 2021 tariff filing includes requirements for a two-year notice and the payment of a contract termination payment to us. In simple terms, our modified contract termination payment amount is the greater of (i) the withdrawing Utility Member's debt covenant obligation, and (ii) the projected revenue the withdrawing Utility Member contractually agreed to pay over the remaining term of its wholesale electric service contract, less certain offsetting revenues we could earn by reselling the withdrawing Utility Member's share of energy and capacity and the net present value of the withdrawing Utility Member's patronage capital. The Utility Member's debt covenant obligation is its pro rata share of our total debt and other obligations. In October 2021, FERC accepted our modified contract termination payment methodology, effective November 1, 2021, subject to refund. FERC set the matter for hearing and instituted a concurrent FPA section 206 proceeding to determine the justness and reasonableness of our modified methodology. 
 A hearing on our modified contract termination payment methodology occurred in May 2022 before an administrative law judge at FERC. We, United Power, certain of our Utility Members, other parties, and FERC trial staff all presented different contract termination payment methodologies or adjustments thereto. On September 29, 2022, the administrative law judge issued an initial decision, which determined that the different contract termination payment methodologies by United Power, certain of our other Utility Members, and us were not just and reasonable. The administrative law judge endorsed the FERC trial staff methodology, with significant adjustments suggested by us. The administrative law judge's initial decision favorably discusses the concept of rate-neutrality to our remaining Utility Members and stated that the FERC trial staff's proposal, with our recommended changes, "appears to achieve an exit fee close to that of" our debt covenant obligation set forth in our contract termination payment methodology tariff. The judge's initial decision did not include a contract termination payment number. We and United Power have differing positions on the contract termination payment number based upon the initial decision, with United Power's number much lower. In October 2022, we, United Power, certain other Utility Members, and other parties filed exceptions to the initial decision. Because exceptions were taken to the initial decision, the initial decision and exceptions are pending before the Commissioners of FERC for a decision. For further information see BUSINESS MEMBERS - Relationship with Members . 
 On April 29, 2022, both United Power and NRPPD provided us notices to withdraw from membership in us, with a May 1, 2024 withdrawal effective date. In January 2023, MPEI provided us a notice to withdraw from membership in us, with a 
 42 

Table of C ontents 

 February 1, 2025 withdrawal effective date. These three Utility Members comprised 21.0 percent of our Utility Member revenue and 16.7 percent of our operating revenue in 2022. 
 In July 2021, United Power's first amended complaint for declaratory judgement and damages against us and our Non-Utility Members was deemed filed alleging, among other things, that the April 2019 Bylaws amendment that allows our Board to establish one or more classes of membership in addition to the then existing all-requirements class of membership is void and that we have breached our Bylaws and our wholesale electric service contract with United Power. The first amended complaint also asserts that our addition of the Non-Utility Members violated Colorado law. A jury trial is scheduled for June 2023. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 
 Responsible Energy Plan and Colorado Electric Resource Plan 
 Responsible Energy Plan 
 In July 2019, our Board established that we would pursue a transition to a cleaner energy portfolio by developing a Responsible Energy Plan. In January 2020, we released our Responsible Energy Plan. With our Responsible Energy Plan, we are implementing a clean energy transition while being responsible to our employees, Members, communities, and environment. The plan was developed with input from our Board, our Utility Members and external stakeholders. Our plan is dynamic and will change as Utility Members' needs change, new technologies become available and market conditions evolve. Over the past two years, we and our Utility Members have made great strides implementing the plan, which has allowed us to set new goals beyond those identified in January 2020. Some of the highlights of the Responsible Energy Plan include: 
 
 eliminating all emissions from our coal-fired generating facilities in Colorado and New Mexico by 2030; 
 by 2025, 50 percent of the electricity our Utility Members use is expected to come from clean energy sources; 
 more local renewables for Utility Members through contract flexibility; 
 promoting participation in a regional transmission organization; and 
 expanding electric vehicle infrastructure and beneficial electrification. 
 
 For further information regarding our Responsible Energy Plan, see "BUSINESS MEMBERS Responsible Energy Plan." 
 
 Colorado Electric Resource Plan 
 In December 2020, we filed our first Phase I Electric Resource Plan under COPUC rules related to electric resource plans, which contained our Preferred Plan. In September 2021, we submitted to the COPUC our Revised Preferred Plan in connection with Phase I of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan that modeled the addition of 2,050 MWs of additional renewable resources and more than 200 MWs of electric storage during the resource acquisition period of 2021 to 2030. In January 2022, we reached a comprehensive settlement agreement that was filed with the COPUC for approval. In March 2022, the administrative law judge for the COPUC recommended approval of the settlement agreement and the approval became effective in April 2022. The settlement agreement sets emissions reduction targets for our wholesale electricity sales in Colorado as follows: at least 26 percent in 2025, 36 percent in 2026, 46 percent in 2027, and 80 percent in 2030, with respect to the verified 2005 baseline. See "BUSINESS POWER SUPPLY RESOURCES Resource Planning." 
 With the settlement agreement approved, we began Phase II of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan and issued in May 2022 a request for proposal of capacity and energy bids, with a focus on projects that support emissions reductions. In February 2023, we filed our 2020 Electric Resource Plan Phase II implementation report identifying our preferred portfolio for resource acquisitions in the 2025-2026 timeframe . The Phase II modeling filed with the COPUC indicates selection of 200 MWs of new wind resources for 2026, subject to COPUC approval. 
 In April 2022, we made a filing with the COPUC for the retirement of our 85 MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle Rifle Generating Station. In September 2022, the COPUC issued a decision approving our filing and our Rifle Generating Station was retired on September 30, 2022. 
 
 Changing Environmental Regulations 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental requirements. Furthermore, it is expected for existing environmental regulations to become increasingly stringent and for us to be subject to new legislation or regulation, including legislation or regulation relating to greenhouse gas emissions or renewable or clean energy standards. 
 43 

Table of C ontents 

 At the federal level, the Biden administration has issued a series of executive orders focused on clean energy and climate change, including rejoining the Paris Agreement. The Biden administration has stated it has a goal to achieve a carbon pollution-free power sector by 2035 and to put the United States on a path to a net-zero economy by 2050. 
 At the state level, in 2019, the Colorado and New Mexico legislatures passed legislation related to climate change. In Colorado, the legislation requires the AQCC to develop rules to reduce statewide greenhouse gas emissions 26 percent by 2025, 50 percent by 2030, and 90 percent by 2050, relative to 2005 emissions. In New Mexico, the existing RPS was amended to require our New Mexico Utility Members to obtain 40 percent renewable energy by 2025 and 50 percent renewable energy by 2030, and adds a target of achieving a zero carbon resource standard by 2050, with at least 80 percent renewable energy. See "BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION" and "RISK FACTORS - Environmental Risk." 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires that our management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. We base these estimates and assumptions on information available as of the date of the financial statements and they are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year. We consider the following accounting policies to be critical accounting policies due to the estimation involved or due to the particular significance they have on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Accounting for Rate Regulation. We are a rate-regulated entity and, as a result, are subject to the accounting requirements of Accounting for Regulated Operations. In accordance with these accounting requirements, some revenues and expenses have been deferred at the discretion of our Board if it is probable that these amounts will be refunded or recovered through future rates. Regulatory assets are costs we expect to recover from Utility Members based on rates approved by the applicable authority. Regulatory liabilities represent probable future reductions in rates associated with amounts that are expected to be refunded to Utility Members based on rates approved by the applicable authority. On September 3, 2019, we became a FERC jurisdictional public utility and our Board s rate setting authority, including the use of regulatory assets and liabilities, is now subject to FERC approval. Estimates of recovering deferred costs and returning deferred credits are based on specific ratemaking decisions by FERC or precedent for each item. We recognize regulatory assets as expenses and regulatory liabilities as operating revenue, other income, or a reduction in expenses concurrent with their recovery in rates. 
 Asset Retirement and Environmental Reclamation Obligations. We account for current obligations associated with the future retirement of tangible long-lived assets and environmental reclamation in accordance with the accounting guidance relating to asset retirement and environmental obligations. This guidance requires that legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets be recognized at fair value at the time the liability is incurred and capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset. Over time, the liability is adjusted to its present value by recognizing accretion expense and the capitalized cost of the long-lived asset is depreciated in a manner consistent with the depreciation of the underlying physical asset. In the absence of quoted market prices, we determine fair value by using present value techniques in which estimates of future cash flows associated with retirement activities are discounted using a credit adjusted risk free rate and market risk premium. Upon settlement of an asset retirement obligation, we will apply payment against the estimated liability and incur a gain or loss if the actual retirement costs differ from the estimated recorded liability. 
 Environmental reclamation costs are accrued based on management s best estimate at the end of each period of the costs expected to be incurred. Such cost estimates may include ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. Changes in reclamation estimates are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. Estimates of future expenditures for environmental reclamation obligations are not discounted. 
 
 Factors Affecting Results 
 Master Indenture 
 Our Master Indenture requires us to establish, subject to any necessary regulatory approvals, rates annually that are reasonably expected to achieve a DSR of at least 1.10 on an annual basis and permits us to incur additional secured obligations as long as after giving effect to the additional secured obligation, we will continue to meet the DSR requirement on both a historic and pro forma basis. Our DSR is calculated by dividing (x) our Net Margins Available for Debt Service (as defined in our Master Indenture), which is equal to our net margins for a period plus amounts deducted for the period to pay or make provision for interest on debt (including capitalized interest other than Allowance for Funds Used During Construction), lease expense, income tax expense, amortization of debt discount or premium, and depreciation and certain other non-cash items by (y) our Annual Debt Service Requirement (as defined in our Master Indenture), which is generally equal to the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (whether capitalized or expensed) on all of our debt and lease payments which become due in the applicable fiscal year or 12 month period at maturity or stated maturity, subject to special calculation rules applicable to 
 44 

Table of C ontents 

 specific types of debt (such as balloon debt). For purposes of the DSR calculation, we are permitted to exclude from the Annual Debt Service Requirement principal and interest on debt if the debt is paid or to be paid from defeasance obligations which have been irrevocably deposited or set aside in trust for payment of such debt. Our failure to achieve the required DSR is not a default under the Master Indenture as long as a plan is timely adopted and being implemented and no payment default has occurred. However, subject to certain limited exceptions, we cannot issue additional secured obligations under the Master Indenture unless the DSR for the prior fiscal year (or period of prior 12 consecutive months) is at least 1.10 and the estimated DSR for the current and next two years (or, if applicable, two years following the anticipated commercial operation date of the assets being financed) is at least 1.10. We estimate that our DSR for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 wa s 1.16. 
 Our Master Indenture also requires us to maintain an ECR at the end of each fiscal year of at least 18 percent. Our ECR equals our equity divided by the sum of our debt plus equity. Equity primarily consists of our aggregate net margins that we have not distributed in cash to our Members. Debt includes our indebtedness for borrowed money and capitalized leases but excludes indebtedness for which defeasance obligations (i.e., non-callable obligations of the United States) have been irrevocably deposited in trust. Our failure to maintain the ECR at the end of any given fiscal year would result in an event of default under the Master Indenture and restrict our ability to issue additional secured obligations under the Master Indenture. We estimate t hat as of December 31, 2022 , our ECR was 24.70 percent. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.7 billion of secured indebtedness outstanding under our Master Indenture. Substantially all of our tangible assets and certain of our intangible assets are pledged as collateral under our Master Indenture. Pursuant to the Master Indenture, the DSR and ECR are calculated based on unconsolidated Tri-State financials and calculated in accordance with the system of accounts proscribed by FERC, not GAAP. The DSR and ECR calculated in accordance with FERC's system of accounts are not finalized and are subject to final adjustment. 
 Margins and Patronage Capital 
 We operate on a cooperative basis and, accordingly, seek only to generate revenues sufficient to recover our cost of service and to generate margins sufficient to meet certain financial requirements and to establish reasonable reserves. Revenues in excess of current period costs in any year are designated as net margins in our consolidated statements of operations. Net margins are treated as advances of capital by our Members and are allocated to our Utility Members on the basis of revenue from electricity purchases from us and to our Non-Utility Members as provided in their respective membership agreement. 
 Our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, approved and subject to change or waiver by our Board, sets guidelines to achieve margins and retain patronage capital sufficient to maintain a sound financial position and to allow for the orderly retirement of capital credits allocated to our Utility Members. On a periodic basis, our Board will determine whether to retire any patronage capital, and in what amounts, to our Members. To date, we have retired approximately 513.2 million of patronage capital to our Utility Members. 
 Pursuant to our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, we set rates to achieve a DSR and ECR in excess of the requirements under our Master Indenture in order to mitigate the risk of potential negative variances between budgeted margins and actual margins. This policy establishes a goal of our Board on an annual or quarterly basis to either defer revenues and incomes as a regulatory liability or recognize previously deferred revenues and incomes (as available) in an amount that will result in a DSR equal to a DSR goal for the applicable year as set forth in the policy. As allowed by our Bylaws, the deferral or recognition of previously deferred revenues and income is for the purpose of stabilizing margins and limiting rate increases from year to year. We recognized 95.6 million of previously deferred membership withdrawal income during 2022. In order to meet our 2023 financial goals, we expect to recognize substantially all previously deferred membership withdrawal income during 2023. 
 Our Board Policy for Financial Goals and Capital Credits, subject to change or waiver by our Board, originally set a 2022 DSR goal of 1.195 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and a 2022 consolidated equity to capitalization ratio goal of 24.0 percent as of December 31, 2022. In October 2022, our Board reduced the 2022 DSR goal to reduce the amount of previously deferred membership withdrawal income needed to be recognized for rate stabilization for 2022, but to maintain a margin of no less than zero dollars. This lower 2022 DSR goal resulted in zero margins for 2022, but is expected to exceed the requirements under our Master Indenture of 1.10. In addition, our 2022 consolidated equity to capitalization ratio, which goal remained unchanged, is expected to exceed the financial goal of 24.0 percent as of December 31, 2022. This policy, subject to change or waiver by our Board, sets a DSR goal of 1.200 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and a c onsolidated equity to capitalization ratio goal of 24.5 percent as of December 31, 2023. Our Board may elect to change or waive the DSR or consolidated equity to capitalization ratio goal for 2023 or other future years. 
 45 

Table of C ontents 

 Rates and Regulation 
 On September 3, 2019, we became FERC jurisdictional for our Utility Member rates, transmission service, and our market-based rates. In December 2019, we filed with FERC our tariff filings, including our stated rate cost of service filing, market-based rate authorization, and transmission OATT. In March 2020, FERC issued orders generally accepting our tariff filings, subject to refund for sales after March 26, 2020. O n August 2, 2021, FERC approved our settlement agreement related to our Utility Member stated rate that provides for us to implement a two-stage, graduated reduction in the charges making up our A-40 rate of 2 percent starting from March 1, 2021 until the first anniversary and 4 percent reduction (additional 2 percent reduction) on March 1, 2022 until the date a new Class A wholesale rate schedule goes into effect. See "Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. 
 Our electric sales revenues are derived from wholesale electric service sales to our Utility Members and non-member purchasers. Revenues from wholesale electric power sales to our non-member purchasers is primarily pursuant to our market-based rate authority. 
 Revenues from electric power sales to our Utility Members are primarily from our Class A wholesale rate schedule filed with FERC. Our Class A rate schedule (A-40) for electric power sales to our Utility Members has been in effect since 2017. Our Class A rate schedule consists of three billing components: an energy rate and two demand rates. Utility Member rates for energy and demand are set by our Board, consistent with the provision of reliable cost-based supply of electricity over the long term to our Utility Members. Energy is the physical electricity delivered to our Utility Members. The energy rate was billed based upon a price per kWh of physical energy delivered and the two demand rates (a generation demand and a transmission/delivery demand) were both billed based on the Utility Member s highest thirty-minute integrated total demand measured in each monthly billing period during our peak period from noon to 10:00 pm daily, Monday through Saturday, with the exception of six holidays. 
 Our Class A rate schedule (A-40) was filed at FERC as a stated rate. While our Board still has authority to determine our rates, those rates, including any change to the rate or rate structure, must be approved by FERC subject to outside comments. As part of the FERC approved settlement agreement, we and the settlement parties have agreed, with limited exceptions, to a moratorium on any filings related to our Class A rate schedule, including any rate increases to our Class A rate schedule, at least through May 31, 2023. A rate design committee consisting of a representative from each Utility Member developed a new rate design to our Utility Members that will be recommended to our Board. We expect to file with FERC a new rate schedule to our Utility Members in t he summer of 20 23. 
 Our Board may from time to time, subject to FERC approval, create new regulatory assets or liabilities or modify the expected recovery period through rates of existing regulatory assets or liabilities. The amounts involved may be material. 
 Tax Status 
 We are a taxable cooperative subject to federal and state taxation. As a taxable electric cooperative, we are allowed a tax exclusion for margins allocated as patronage capital. We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be determined based on the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Under the normalization method, changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in deferred income tax expense (benefit) and any recorded income tax expense (benefit) therefore includes both the current income tax expense (benefit) and the deferred income tax expense (benefit). Our subsidiaries are not subject to FERC regulation and continue to use a flow-through method for recognizing deferred income taxes whereby changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in the establishment of a regulatory asset or liability, as approved by our Board. A regulatory asset or liability associated with deferred income taxes generally represents the future increase or decrease in income taxes payable that will be settled or received through future rate revenues. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 General 
 Our electric sales revenues are derived from wholesale electric service sales to our Utility Members and non member purchasers. See Factors Affecting Results Rates and Regulation for a description of our energy and demand rates to our Utility Members. Long term contract sales to non members generally include energy and demand components. Short-term sales to non members are generally sold at market prices after consideration of incremental production costs. Demand billing to non members are typically billed per kilowatt of capacity reserved or committed to that customer. 
 46 

Table of C ontents 

 Weather has a significant effect on the usage of electricity by impacting both the electricity used per hour and the total peak demand for electricity. Consequently, weather has a significant impact on revenues. Relatively higher summer or lower winter temperatures tend to increase the usage of electricity for heating, air conditioning and irrigation. Mild weather generally reduces the usage of electricity because heating, air conditioning and irrigation systems are operated less frequently. The amount of precipitation during the growing season (generally May through September) also impacts irrigation use. Other factors affecting our Utility Members usage of electricity include: 
 the amount, size and usage of machinery and electronic equipment; 
 the expansion or contraction of operations among our Utility Members commercial and industrial customers; 
 the general growth in population; and 
 economic conditions. 
 Impacts of Supply Chain and Inflation 
 Our ability to meet our Utility Members' electric power requirements and complete our capital projects are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. The procurement and delivery of materials and equipment have been impacted by the current domestic and global supply chain disruptions. We are experiencing shortages of critical items and longer lead-times on the procurement of certain materials and equipment, along with interruptions in production and shipping. Supply chain disruptions and inflation have contributed to higher prices for materials and equipment. We are also experiencing increased fuel costs for natural gas and costs for transportation of coal. Various rail transportation issues have caused transportation companies to be unable to perform their contractual obligations to deliver coal on a timely basis and have resulted in lower than normal coal inventories at certain of our generating facilities that have resulted in reduced operations at such facilities. We continue to monitor and are currently evaluating potential impacts to our operations and estimated capital expenditures and timing of projects related to inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions. 
 We have several long-term solar power purchase agreements that were expected to commence commercial operation in 2023. Some developers have indicated they are experiencing difficulties due to supply chain issues and the United States Department of Commerce anti-circumvention investigation. We have agreed to allow additional flexibility for these projects, including extending the anticipated commercial operation dates to 2024 . 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 Operating Revenues 
 Our operating revenues are primarily derived from electric power sales to our Utility Members and non member purchasers. Other operating revenue consists primarily of wheeling, transmission and coal sales revenue. Other operating revenue also includes revenue we receive from certain of our Non-Utility Members. The following is a comparison of our operating revenues and energy sales in MWhs by type of purchaser for 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Period-to-Period Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Operating revenues Utility Member electric sales 1,213,234 1,161,291 51,943 4.5 Non-member electric sales 163,355 114,908 48,447 42.2 Rate stabilization 95,613 78,457 17,156 21.9 Provision for rate refunds (51) (10,196) 10,145 (99.5) Other 61,420 56,341 5,079 9.0 Total operating revenues 1,533,571 1,400,801 132,770 9.5 Energy sales (in MWh): Utility Member electric sales 16,525,315 15,676,830 848,485 5.4 Non-member electric sales 2,077,532 1,911,059 166,473 8.7 18,602,847 17,587,889 1,014,958 5.8 
 47 

Table of C ontents 

 Utility Member electric sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume as load returned to pre-pandemic usage levels and drought conditions in the West created greater demand for irrigation and higher temperatures, which resulted in increased cooling needs. 
 Non-member electric sales revenue increased primarily due to a higher average price of 45.4 percent for short-term market sales in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Additionally, long-term sales increased 100,264 MWhs, or 17.4 percent, to 675,307 MWhs in 2022 compared to 575,043 MWhs for the same period in 2021. The increase in long-term sales was due to higher sales from Springerville Unit 3 to Salt River Project. Short-term market sales increased 66,209 MWhs, or 4.8 percent, to 1,402,225 MWhs in 2022 compared to 1,336,016 MWhs for the same period in 2021. 
 Rate stabilization represents recognition of income from withdrawal of former Utility Members from membership in us or non-member electric sales revenue that was previously deferred in accordance with accounting requirements related to regulated operations. In 2022, we recognized 95.6 million of previously deferred membership withdrawal income compared to 78.5 million of previously deferred non-member electric sales revenue during the same period in 2021. See Factors Affecting Results Rates and Regulation for additional information. 
 Provision for rate refunds represents refund of certain revenues based on a FERC order. During the third quarter of 2022, an accrual was recorded in the amount of 2.0 million related to an estimate of the amount to be refunded from power sales in the WACM balancing authority area due to FERC's revocation of our market-based rate authority in the WACM balancing authority area. As required by FERC, in December 2022, we distributed refunds with applicable interest of 2.7 million. The 2.7 million impact to provision for rate refunds was offset by our recognition of a favorable accrual adjustment of 2.9 million related to the energy sales to third parties in excess of the soft-cap price for short-term spot market sales. See "Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information. During 2021, an accrual was recorded in the amount of 9.8 million related to a settlement agreement on our transmission service rates, including our OATT and annual transmission revenue requirements. In March 2022, FERC approved this settlement agreement and refunds were subsequently issued. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are primarily comprised of the costs that we incur to supply and transmit our Utility Members electric power requirements through a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long-term purchase contracts and short-term energy purchases and the costs associated with any sales of power to non-members. 
 The following is a summary of the components of our operating expenses for 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Period-to-Period Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Operating expenses Purchased power 409,513 381,477 28,036 7.3 Fuel 329,046 236,089 92,957 39.4 Production 177,413 185,016 (7,603) (4.1) Transmission 175,889 182,327 (6,438) (3.5) General and administrative 79,640 57,243 22,397 39.1 Depreciation, amortization and depletion 184,047 190,237 (6,190) (3.3) Coal mining 9,899 5,323 4,576 86.0 Other 53,509 7,191 46,318 644.1 Total operating expenses 1,418,956 1,244,903 174,053 14.0 
 Purchased power expense increased primarily due to an increase of 89,360 MWhs, or 1.0 percent, purchased in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily from our long-term renewable sources, coal transportation constraints at a certain generating facility that resulted in reduced generation from that facility, and outages at certain generating facilities, which resulted in higher short-term purchases of power in 2022. Additionally, the average price was 6.4 percent higher during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 48 

Table of C ontents 

 Fuel expense was higher primarily due to an increase of 64.5 percent in the average cost of natural gas prices in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 resulting from increased demand and constraints on supply resulting from market conditions. Additionally, fuel expense was higher due to a 937,487 MWh, or 11.3 percent, increase in generation by our coal-fired generating facilities and higher transportation costs for coal. 
 General and administrative expense increased primarily due to lower recoveries of general and administrative costs from joint project activities, an increase in outside professional services and an overall increase in expenses related to general and administration labor and benefits. 
 Other operating expenses increased primarily due to the recording of an additional environmental obligation of 44.9 million related to revised cost estimates at the New Horizon Mine. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 
 For discussion of our results of operations comparing the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020, see " Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " in Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022. 
 
 Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 Assets 
 Investments in other associations increased 14.4 million, or 8.8 percent, to 177.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 163.1 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a Basin patronage capital allocation of 18.4 million and a CoBank patronage capital allocation of 7.0 million partially offset by patronage capital retirements of 11.7 million (primarily due to a Basin patronage capital retirement of 5.2 million received in December 2022). 
 Coal inventory decreased 25.0 million, or 41.8 percent, to 34.7 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 59.7 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to more coal consumed than delivered during 2022 at the Craig Station (coal inventory is steadily declining at Craig Station as the facility gets nearer to closure). Additionally, coal inventory at Springerville Unit 3 decreased due to shipping delays. 
 Materials and supplies inventory increased 6.3 million, or 7.2 percent, to 93.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 87.2 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher prices caused by disruptions in the global supply chain for the procurement and delivery of inventory-related items. 
 Regulatory assets decreased 15.3 million to 650.4 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 665.7 million as of December 31, 2021. The change in regulatory assets was primarily impacted by the recognition of additional asset retirement obligations of 25.4 million at the Escalante and Nucla Generating Stations during 2022 and the recognition of 3.7 million during 2022 related to the deferred impairment loss at Rifle Generating Station. These increases were partially offset by amortization of 44.9 million to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. 
 Equity and Liabilities 
 Long-term debt decreased 231.9 million, or 7.5 percent, to 2.870 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3.102 billion as of December 31, 2021. The total decrease of 232.0 million was primarily due to debt payments of 232.9 million (principally 116.7 million for the First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1, 50.4 million of CoBank and CFC debt, 44.4 million for the Springerville certificates, and 21.2 million for the First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2016A). During 2022, we repurchased and cancelled 138.1 million of our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1, our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2010A, and our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2016A with cash and short-term borrowings, of which, 100 million was related to a bond tender offer for the First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for more information on the tender offer. 
 Short-term borrowings increased 224.1 million to 274.1 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 50.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was due to commercial paper activity during 2022 primarily related to early repurchase and cancellation of certain of our bonds. 
 Regulatory liabilities decreased 96.1 million, or 65.8 percent, to 49.9 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 146.0 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the recognition of 95.6 million of previously 
 49 

Table of C ontents 

 deferred membership withdrawal income. In order to better align with our financial goals, we recognize deferred revenue and income on a quarterly basis when it is reasonably estimable that recognition is required to meet our financial goals during 2022. 
 Asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations increased 101.2 million, or 121.6 percent, to 184.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 83.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the recording of an additional environmental obligation of 44.9 million related to revised cost estimates at the New Horizon Mine, additional asset retirement obligations of 12.1 million related to an update in cost estimates at the Colowyo Mine, and additional asset retirement obligations of 36.8 million related to an update in cost estimates for obligations related to our ponds, ash land fill and post-closure reclamation and monitoring at various generating facilities. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We finance our operations, working capital needs and capital expenditures from operating revenues and issuance of short-term and long-term borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 105.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Our committed credit arrangement as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Authorized Amount Available 
 December 31, 2022 
 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement 520,000 (1) 246,000 (2) 
 (1) The amount of this facility that can be used to support commercial paper is limited to 500 million. 
 (2) The portion of this facility that was unavailable at December 31, 2022 was 274 million which was dedicated to support outstanding commercial paper. 
 On April 25, 2022, our prior revolving credit agreement, dated April 25, 2018, between us and CFC, as administrative agent, was amended and restated with the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement with CFC as lead arranger and administrative agent in the amount of 520 million. The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement includes a swingline sublimit of 125 million, a letter of credit sublimit of 75 million, and a commercial paper back-up sublimit of 500 million, of which 125 million of the swingline sublimit, 75 million of the letter of credit sublimit, and 226 million of the commercial paper back-up sublimit remained available as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had 246 million of availability under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement is secured under the Master Indenture and has a maturity date of April 25, 2027, unless extended as provided therein. Funds advanced under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest either at adjusted Term SOFR rates or alternative base rates, at our option. The adjusted Term SOFR rate is the Term SOFR rate for the term of the advance plus a margin (1.125 percent as of December 31, 2022) based on our credit ratings. Base rate loans bear interest at the alternate base rate plus a margin (0.125 percent as of December 31, 2022) based on our credit ratings. The alternate base rate is the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus of 1.00 percent, (b) the prime rate, and (c) the adjusted Term SOFR rate plus 1.00 percent and plus a margin (1.125 percent as of December 31, 2022) based on our credit ratings. We had no outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and acceleration, including financial DSR and ECR requirements in line with the covenants contained in our Master Indenture. A violation of these covenants would result in the inability to borrow under the facility. 
 Under our commercial paper program, our Board authorized us to issue commercial paper in amounts that do not exceed the commercial paper back-up sublimit under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement, which was 500 million at December 31, 2022, thereby providing 100 percent dedicated support for any commercial paper outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had 274 million of commercial paper outstanding (prior to netting discounts) and 226 million available on the commercial paper back-up sublimit. 
 On October 3, 2022, we remarketed our Moffat County, CO pollution control revenue bonds on their mandatory tender date into a new 5-year term rate mode at 2.9 percent ending October 1, 2027. 
 On July 26, 2022 we completed a tender offer in an aggregate amount of 100 million of our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1 (due 2024). We paid a total of 100.2 million in aggregate for the purchase of the bonds, including early tender payments. The transaction was funded using available cash and short-term borrowings. 
 50 

Table of C ontents 

 In addition to the July 2022 tender offer, we have previously purchased our outstanding debt through cash purchases in open market purchases. In the future, we may from time to time purchase additional outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise and may continue to seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. We are mindful of our debt and its maturities, and we continually evaluate options to ensure that our balance sheet and capital structure are aligned with our business and the long-term health of our company. 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3.0 billion in outstanding obligations, including approximately 2.7 billion of debt outstanding under our Master Indenture, with 92.9 million payable in 2023. We have total future interest payments of 1.9 billion, with 147.9 million payable in 2023. 
 Construction Obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 56.5 million in contractual obligations to complete certain construction projects associated with our generating facilities and transmission system, with 19.6 million payable in 2023. 
 Coal Purchase Obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 165.9 million in contractual obligations to purchase coal for our generating facilities under long term contracts that expire between 2024 and 2041, including 30.6 million payable in 2023. These contracts require us to purchase a minimum quantity of coal at prices that are subject to escalation clauses that reflect cost increases incurred by the suppliers and market conditions. This does not include any coal purchase obligations with our subsidiaries. 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund operations and capital financing needs from projected cash on hand, our commercial paper program, and the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash is provided by operating activities and issuance of debt. Capital expenditures comprise a significant use of cash. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 Operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 152.6 million in 2022 compared to 169.9 million in 2021, a decrease of 17.3 million. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by higher purchase power expense, higher natural gas prices, timing of payment of trade payables and lower cash deposits related to interconnection customers. 
 Investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities was 126.1 million in 2022 compared to 131.4 million in 2021, a decrease in net cash used in investing activities of 5.3 million. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to timing of payments we made to operating agents of jointly owned facilities to fund our share of costs to be incurred under each project. 
 Financing activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 21.0 million in 2022 compared to 65.4 million in 2021 , a decrease in net cash used in financing activities of 44.4 million. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to commercial paper activity during 2022 principally related to early repurchase and cancellation of certain bonds partially offset by higher payments of long-term debt of 138.1 million. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 
 For discussion of our cash flow comparing 2021 to 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cash Flow in Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We forecast our capital expenditures annually as part of our long term planning. We regularly review these projections to update our calculations to reflect changes in our future plans, facility closures, facility costs, market factors and other items affecting our forecasts. After taking into account our Responsible Energy Plan, in the years 2023 through 2027, we forecast that we may invest approximately 997 million in new facilities and upgrades to our existing facilities. Our investment forecast for new facilities and upgrades to existing facilities by capital expenditure category is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 51 

Table of C ontents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Generation 35,666 13,223 50,834 58,845 53,806 212,374 Transmission 117,319 150,169 164,888 98,429 126,722 657,527 General Plant 38,651 28,608 20,337 19,232 19,931 126,759 Total Capital Expenditures 191,636 192,000 236,059 176,506 200,459 996,660 
 Our actual capital expenditures depend on a variety of factors, including assumptions related to our Responsible Energy Plan and our Revised Preferred Plan in conjunction with Phase I of our 2020 Electric Resource Plan filed with the COPUC, Utility Member load growth or Utility Member withdraws, partial requirements, availability of necessary permits, regulatory changes, environmental requirements, inflation, construction delays and costs, and ability to access capital in credit markets. Thus, actual capital expenditures may vary significantly from our projections. 
 Capital projects include several transmission projects to improve reliability and load-serving capability throughout our Utility Members' service territories. 
 
 Rating Triggers 
 Our current senior secured ratings are A3 (negative outlook) by Moody s, BBB+ (negative outlook) by S P, and A- (stable outlook) by Fitch. Our current short-term ratings are A-2 by S P and F1 by Fitch. 
 Our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement includes a pricing grid related to the Term SOFR spread, commitment fee and letter of credit fees due under the facility. A downgrade of our senior secured ratings could result in an increase in each of these pricing components. We do not believe that any such increase would be significant or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or our future results of operations. 
 We currently have contracts that require adequate assurance of performance. These include organized markets contracts, natural gas supply contracts and financial risk management contracts. Some of the contracts are directly tied to us maintaining investment grade credit ratings by S P and Moody s. We may enter into additional contracts which may contain similar adequate assurance requirements. If we are required to provide such adequate assurances, we do not believe the amounts will be significant or that they will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or our future results of operations. 
 52 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 The fair values of debt were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. These valuation assumptions utilize observable inputs based on market data obtained from independent sources and are therefore considered Level 2 inputs (quoted prices for similar assets, liabilities (adjusted) and market corroborated inputs). The carrying amounts and fair values of our debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Principal Amount Estimated Fair Value Principal Amount Estimated Fair Value Total long-term debt 2,981,481 2,725,606 3,214,427 3,759,991 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We have exposure to the market price of energy to meet obligations. We engage in structured hedging activities for both gas and electricity to mitigate exposure to market price volatility. 
 We have an established energy risk management program to manage risks associated with gas, coal, and electric purchases and electric sales and their potential impact on our Utility Member rates. As a result, our primary risk with respect to energy market price fluctuations in the near term would result from prolonged, unanticipated outages from our generating facilities. 
 We have available for our use approximatel y 440 MWs o f simple-cycle turbine capacity that is capable of operating on either natural gas or distillate fuel oil. We also have available for our use approximately 110 MWs of distillate fuel oil only simple-cycle turbine capacity, and 272 MWs of our gas only combined-cycle capacity, which affords substantial flexibility in meeting our obligations to serve our Utility Members. In 2022, these resources provided approximately 4.4 percent of our energy available for sale. We expect the use of our natural gas-fired generating facilities to increase with the addition of new renewable resources and the closure of our coal-fired generating facilities. 
 Risk Management 
 We have an established risk management programs which address both enterprise and energy commodity risks. These programs oversee all the risk functions and address commodity price volatility, counterparty exposure, credit risk, trading controls and hedging strategies. A corporate committee, consisting of senior executives and support staff, meets regularly to assess market behavior, hedging activities and other corporate risks. Our Board is given briefings on risk management activities. Additionally, pursuant to Board policy, the Finance and Audit Committee and the Chief Executive Officer annually determine whether an external independent assessment of our risk management programs shall be performed. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have an established risk management program to address interest rate risk. This program is designed to balance achieving the lowest costs associated with current and future debt issuances while also mitigating the impact of floating interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were exposed to the risk of changes in interest rates related to our 723.6 million of variable rate debt, comprised of 152.2 million of variable rate CFC notes, 296.4 million of variable rate CoBank notes, and 275 million of variable rate commercial paper notes. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on this variable rate debt was 5.29 percent. 
 We recently amended our variable rate loan documents with CFC and replaced the LIBOR based rate with Term SOFR. We are in the process of amending our loan documents with CoBank for LIBOR based term loans and replacing the reference rate with Term SOFR prior to the discontinuation of the LIBOR rate in June 2023. 
 Our objective in managing interest rate risk is to maintain a balance of fixed and variable rate debt that will lower our overall borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters. As of December 31, 2022, we had 22.2 percent of our total debt in variable rate loans. An increase in interest rates of 100 basis points would increase our annual debt service by approximately 7.2 million. 
 53 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 

54 

Table of C ontents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors of Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (the Association as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Association at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Association s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Association s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Association in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Association is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Association's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 55 

Table of C ontents 

 Asset Retirement and Environmental Reclamation Obligations Coal Mines 
 
 Description of the matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Association s obligations for the final reclamation costs and post-reclamation monitoring of the Association s coal mines are recognized at management's estimated fair value at the time the obligations are incurred and capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset or reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised, as applicable. As changes in estimates occur, such as mine plans, estimated costs and timing of reclamation activities, the Association makes revisions to the asset retirement obligation at the appropriate discount rate. 
 
 Auditing the Association s asset retirement and environmental obligations for coal mines required us to make subjective auditor judgements because the estimates underlying the determination of the obligations were based on significant assumptions utilized by management and their engineering staff. In particular, the fair value calculations of the asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations is based on, among other things, estimates of disturbed areas, reclamation costs, timing of reclamation activities, and probability of outcomes. 
 How we addressed the matter in our audit 
 To audit the asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations for coal mines, our procedures included evaluating the appropriateness of the Association s methodology and testing significant assumptions, as discussed above, and the underlying data used by the Association in its estimate. To assess the estimates of disturbed areas, reclamation costs, timing of reclamation activities, and probability of outcomes, we evaluated significant changes from the prior year estimate and verified consistency between the timing of activities to the projected mine life or reclamation plan. We also considered the appropriateness of the estimated reclamation costs for coal mines, compared anticipated labor and equipment costs to recent operating data and third-party evidence including common industry references, and recalculated management s estimate. We involved our specialists in our assessment of the Association s asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations including reviewing the Association s methodology, interviewing members of the Association s engineering staff, evaluating the reasonableness of the cost estimates and assumptions, and assessing completeness of the estimate with respect to regulatory requirements. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Association s auditor since 1977. 

March 10, 2023 
 56 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Property, plant and equipment Electric plant In service Construction work in progress Total electric plant Less allowances for depreciation and amortization ) ) Net electric plant Other plant Less allowances for depreciation, amortization and depletion ) ) Net other plant Total property, plant and equipment Other assets and investments Investments in other associations Investments in and advances to coal mines Restricted cash and investments Other noncurrent assets Total other assets and investments Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and investments Deposits and advances Accounts receivable Members Other accounts receivable Coal inventory Materials and supplies Total current assets Deferred charges Regulatory assets Prepayment NRECA Retirement Security Plan Other Total deferred charges Total assets EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capitalization Patronage capital equity Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total equity Long-term debt Total capitalization Current liabilities Member advances Accounts payable Short-term borrowings Accrued expenses Current asset retirement obligations Accrued interest Accrued property taxes Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Regulatory liabilities Deferred income tax liability Asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Accumulated postretirement benefit and postemployment obligations Total equity and liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Member electric sales Non-member electric sales Rate stabilization Provision for rate refunds ) ) Other Operating expenses Purchased power Fuel Production Transmission General and administrative Depreciation, amortization and depletion Coal mining Other Operating margins Other income Interest Capital credits from cooperatives Other Interest expense Interest Interest charged during construction ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net margins including noncontrolling interest Net margin attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net margins attributable to the Association 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net margins including noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized loss on securities available for sale ) ) Unrecognized prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation Unrecognized actuarial gain on postretirement benefit obligation Amortization of actuarial loss on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin Amortization of prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin ) ) ) Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss) on executive benefit restoration obligation ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Curtailment and settlement ) Amortization of prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interest Net comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to the Association 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Patronage capital equity at beginning of period Net margins attributable to the Association Retirement of patronage capital ) ) ) Patronage capital equity at end of period Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period ) ) ) Unrealized loss on securities available for sale ) ) Reclassification adjustment for actuarial loss on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin Reclassification adjustment for prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation included in net margin ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for actuarial loss on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Curtailment and settlement ) Reclassification adjustment for prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation included in net margin Unrecognized prior service credit on postretirement benefit obligation Unrecognized actuarial gain on postretirement benefit obligation Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss) on executive benefit restoration obligation ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost on executive benefit restoration obligation ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest at beginning of period Net comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Equity distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest at end of period Total equity at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (dollars in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net margins including noncontrolling interest Adjustments to reconcile net margins to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and depletion Amortization of NRECA Retirement Security Plan prepayment Amortization of debt issuance costs Impairment loss Deferred impairment loss and other closure costs ) ) Deferred membership withdrawal income Deposits associated with generator interconnection requests Rate stabilization ) ) ) Capital credit allocations from cooperatives and income from coal mines under (over) refund distributions ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Coal inventory ) ) Materials and supplies ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued interest ) ) ) Accrued property taxes New Horizon Mine environmental obligation Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of plant ) ) ) Sale of electric plant Changes in deferred charges ) ) ) Proceeds from other investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Changes in Member advances ) ) Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Debt issuance costs ) ) Change in short-term borrowings, net ) Retirement of patronage capital ) ) ) Equity distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments beginning Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments ending Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Change in plant expenditures included in accounts payable ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of C ontents 

 Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 NOTE 1 
 classes of membership: Class A utility full requirements members, Class B - utility partial requirements members, and non-utility members. We have electric distribution member systems who are Class A members, to which we provide electric power pursuant to long-term wholesale electric service contracts. We currently have no Class B members. We have non-utility members ("Non-Utility Members"). Our Class A members and any Class B members are collectively referred to as our "Utility Members." Our Class A members, any Class B members, and Non-Utility Members are collectively referred to as our "Members." Our rates are subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ). On December 23, 2019, our stated rate to our Class A members was filed at FERC and was accepted by FERC on March 20, 2020. On August 2, 2021, FERC approved our settlement agreement related to our stated rate to our Class A members. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal. 
 We also sell a portion of our electric power to other utilities in our regions pursuant to long-term contracts and short-term sale arrangements. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, total megawatt hours sold were , and million, respectively, of which , and percent, respectively, were sold to Utility Members. Total revenue from electric sales was billion for 2022 and billion for 2021 and 2020 of which , , and percent in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was from Utility Member sales. Energy resources were provided by our generation and purchased power, of which , and percent in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were from our generation. 
 Power is provided to Utility Members at rates determined by our Board of Directors Board ), subject to FERC approval. Rates are designed to recover all costs and provide margins to increase Utility Members equity and to meet certain financial covenants, including a debt service ratio DSR requirement and equity to capitalization ratio ECR requirement. 
 We supply wholesale power to our Utility Members through the utilization of a portfolio of resources, including generation and transmission facilities, long term purchase contracts and short term energy purchases. Our generating facilities also include undivided ownership interests in jointly owned generating facilities. See Note 3 Property, Plant and Equipment. In support of our coal-fired generating facilities, we have direct ownership in coal mines. 
 We, including our subsidiaries, employ people, of which are subject to collective bargaining agreements. None of these agreements expire within one year. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 jointly owned generating facilities that are operated by the operating agent of each facility under joint facility ownership agreements with other utilities as tenants in common. These projects include the Yampa Project (operated by us) and the Missouri Basin Power Project MBPP (operated by Basin Electric Power Cooperative Basin )). Each participant in these agreements receives a portion of the total output of the generation facilities, which approximates its percentage ownership. Each participant provides its own financing for its share of each facility and accounts for its share of the cost of each facility. The operating agent for each of these projects allocates the fuel and operating expenses to each participant based upon its share of the use of the facility. Therefore, our share of the plant asset cost, interest, depreciation and operating expenses is included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 3 Property, Plant and Equipment. 
 62 

Table of C ontents 

 operating segment. Therefore, we have reportable segment for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 million associated with the early retirement of the Rifle Generating Station. We also recognized an impairment loss of million associated with additional asset retirement obligations at the Nucla and Escalante Generating Stations related to a change in cost estimates. There were impairments of long-lived assets recognized in 2021. In 2020, we recognized an impairment loss of million associated with the early retirement of the Escalante Generating Station. These impairment losses were deferred in accordance with the accounting requirements related to regulated operations at the discretion of our Board and subject to FERC approval, if applicable. See Note 2 Accounting for Rate Regulation. 
 See Note 13 Variable Interest Entities. 
 
 63 

Table of C ontents 

 Deferred prepaid lease expense Springerville Unit 3 Lease (2) Goodwill J.M. Shafer (3) Goodwill Colowyo Coal (4) Deferred debt prepayment transaction costs (5) Deferred Holcomb expansion impairment loss (6) Unrecovered plant (7) Total regulatory assets Regulatory liabilities Interest rate swap - realized gain (8) and other Membership withdrawal (9) Total regulatory liabilities Net regulatory asset 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) A regulatory asset or liability associated with deferred income taxes generally represents the future increase or decrease in income taxes payable that will be received or settled through future rate revenues. 
 (2) Represents deferral of the loss on acquisition related to the Springerville Generating Station Unit 3 Springerville Unit 3 prepaid lease expense upon acquiring a controlling interest in the Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP Springerville Partnership in 2009. The regulatory asset for the deferred prepaid lease expense is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through the period ending in 2056 and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (3) Represents goodwill related to our acquisition of Thermo Cogeneration Partnership, LP TCP in December 2011. Goodwill is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through the period ending in 2036 and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (4) Represents goodwill related to our acquisition of Colowyo Coal Company LP Colowyo Coal in December 2011. Goodwill is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through the period ending in 2056 and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (5) Represents transaction costs that we incurred related to the prepayment of our long-term debt in 2014. These costs are being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over the -year period ending in 2036 and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (6) Represents deferral of the impairment loss related to development costs, including costs for the option to purchase development rights for the expansion of the Holcomb Generating Station. The regulatory asset for the deferred impairment loss is being amortized to other operating expenses in the amount of million annually over the period ending in 2039 and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (7) Represents deferral of the impairment losses and other closure costs related to the early retirement of the Nucla, Escalante and Rifle Generating Stations. The deferred impairment loss for Nucla Generating Station was amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense through December 2022 and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. The deferred impairment loss for Escalante Generating Station is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually over the period ending in December 2045, which was the depreciable life of Escalante Generating Station, and recovered from our Utility Members through rates. The annual amortization approximates the former annual Escalante Generating Station depreciation for the remaining life of the asset. In March 2022, our Board took action for the early retirement of Rifle Generating Station and the deferral of any impairment loss in accordance with accounting for rate regulation. In conjunction with the early retirement, we recognized an impairment loss of million during the first quarter of 2022. The Rifle Generating Station was retired from service on September 30, 2022. The deferred impairment loss is being amortized to depreciation, amortization and depletion expense in the amount of million annually through December 2028, which was the depreciable life of the Rifle Generating Station, and recovered from our Utility Members in rates. 
 (8) Represents deferral of a realized gain of million related to the October 2017 settlement of a forward starting interest rate swap. This realized gain was deferred as a regulatory liability and is being amortized to interest expense over the 
 64 

Table of C ontents 

 term of the First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2017A and refunded to Utility Members through reduced rates when recognized in future periods. 
 (9) Represents the deferral of the recognition of other operating revenues related to the withdrawal of former Utility Members from membership in us. The deferred membership withdrawal income will be refunded to Utility Members through reduced rates when recognized in operating revenues in future periods. During 2022, million was recognized in operating revenues as part of our rate stabilization measures. 
 percent for 2022, percent for 2021 and percent for 2020. During 2022, Tri-State transitioned from using the "Indirect Costs" ("IDC") rate to the FERC prescribed "Allowance For Funds Used During Construction" ("AFUDC") rate. AFUDC is defined as the gross allowance for borrowed funds used during construction. The AFUDC rate is calculated with the assumption that short-term debt is the first source of funds used for construction. Any construction not covered by the short-term debt is then assumed to be covered by long-term debt. The AFUDC rate varies from the IDC rate, which assumes that total debt was used to cover construction costs. The amount of interest capitalized during construction was , and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At the time that units of electric plant are retired, original cost and cost of removal, net of the salvage value, are charged to the allowance for depreciation. Replacements of electric plant that involve less than a designated unit value are charged to maintenance expense when incurred. Electric plant is depreciated based upon estimated depreciation rates and useful lives that are periodically re evaluated. See Note 3 Property, Plant and Equipment. 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation - patronage capital National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation - capital term certificates CoBank, ACB Other Investments in other associations 
 There were impairments of these investments recognized during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 65 

Table of C ontents 

 Restricted cash and investments - current Restricted cash and investments - noncurrent Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments 
 The cost and estimated fair value of the investments at December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. The cost and estimated fair value of the investments at December 31, 2021 were each million. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining coal inventories, other fuel, and materials and supplies inventories are stated at average cost. In 2022, we realized lower coal fuel expense of million as a result of a LIFO inventory liquidation at our generating facilities. 
 See Note 11 Leases. 
 Advances to operating agents of jointly owned facilities Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other deferred charges 
 66 

Table of C ontents 

See Note 4 Asset Retirement and Environmental Reclamation Obligations. 
 million for these easements from 2022 through the individual easement terms ending between 2036 and 2040. The present value of the remaining easement payments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which is recorded as other deferred credits and other liabilities. 
 OATT deposits represent refundable transmission customer deposits related to interconnection and transmission requests from third parties. An OATT deposit is refundable should the interconnection or transmission request not move forward. 
 Financial liabilities-reclamation represent financial obligations that we have for our share of the reclamation costs at jointly owned facilities in which we have undivided interests in. 
 A contract liability represents an entity s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration from the customer. We have received deposits from others and these deposits are reflected in contract liabilities (unearned revenue) until recognized in other operating revenues over the life of the agreement. We have received deposits from various parties and those that may still be required to be returned are a liability and these are reflected in customer deposits. 
 OATT deposits Financial liabilities - reclamation Customer deposits Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) - noncurrent Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent Other Total other deferred credits and other liabilities 
 
 67 

Table of C ontents 

See Note 10 Revenue. 
 See Note 10 Revenue. 
 See Note 9 Income Taxes. 
 The interchange liability balance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in accounts payable. The net interchange activity recorded in purchased power expense was an expense of million in 2022, an expense of million in 2021 and a credit of million in 2020. 

NOTE 3 
 
 68 

Table of C ontents 

 to ) Transmission plant to ) General plant to ) Other to ) Electric plant in service (at cost) ) Construction work in progress Electric plant 
 At December 31, 2021, our investment in electric plant and the related annual rates of depreciation or amortization calculated using the straight line method are as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Annual Depreciation Rate Plant In Service Accumulated Depreciation Net Book Value Generation plant to ) Transmission plant to ) General plant to ) Other to ) Electric plant in service (at cost) ) Construction work in progress Electric plant 
 At December 31, 2022, we had million of commitments to complete construction projects, of which approximately , and million are expected to be incurred in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 MBPP - Laramie River Station Total 
 OTHER PLANT : Other plant consists of mine assets (discussed below) and non utility assets which consist of facilities not in service, land and irrigation equipment. 
 We own percent of Elk Ridge Mining and Reclamation, LLC Elk Ridge ), organized for the purpose of acquiring coal reserves and supplying coal to us. Elk Ridge is the owner of the Colowyo Mine, a surface coal mine near Craig, Colorado and the New Horizon Mine, near Nucla, Colorado. The New Horizon Mine is in post-reclamation monitoring and no longer produces coal. The expenses related to the Colowyo Mine coal used by us are included in fuel expense on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 69 

Table of C ontents 

 New Horizon Mine assets Accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) Net mine assets Non-utility assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net non-utility assets Net other plant 
 
 NOTE 4 
 pit at the Colowyo Mine began final reclamation in 2020 with the other remaining pits still being actively mined. 
 Generation: We have asset retirement obligations related to equipment, dams, ponds, wells, ash landfill and underground storage tanks at the generating stations. 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Accretion expense Change in estimate ) Total obligations at end of period Less current obligations at end of period ) ) Long-term obligations at end of period 
 During 2022, we increased the asset retirement obligations related to pits at the Colowyo Mine by million due to revised cost estimates, with an offsetting decrease in the asset retirement obligation related to the third pit of million due to reclamation costs paid and a gain on settlement. In the second quarter of 2022, we increased the environmental reclamation obligation at the New Horizon Mine by million due to revised cost estimates. The New Horizon Mine is million as of December 31, 2022. Of this amount, million is recorded on a discounted basis, using a discount rate of percent, with total estimated undiscounted future cash outflows of million. Environmental obligation expense is included in other operating expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. Although the entire environmental obligation has been expensed, we may seek future rate recovery in upcoming rate filings with FERC. We continue to evaluate the New Horizon Mine and the Colowyo Mine post reclamation obligations and will make adjustments to these obligations as needed. Also, during 2022, we recorded an additional asset retirement obligation of million related to a change in cost estimates for our pond, ash landfill and post-closure reclamation obligations at various generating stations. 
 We also have asset retirement obligations with indeterminate settlement dates. These are made up primarily of obligations attached to transmission and other easements that are considered by us to be operated in perpetuity and therefore the measurement of the obligation is not possible. A liability will be recognized in the period in which sufficient information exists to estimate a range of potential settlement dates as is needed to employ a present value technique to estimate fair value. 
 70 

Table of C ontents 

 NOTE 5 
 contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Accounts Receivable 
 We record accounts receivable for our unconditional rights to consideration arising from our performance under contracts with our Members and other parties. Uncollectible amounts, if any, are identified on a specific basis and charged to expense in the period determined to be uncollectible. See Note 10 Revenue. 
 Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) 
 A contract liability represents an entity s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer, for which the entity has received consideration from the customer. We have received deposits from others, and these deposits are reflected in unearned revenue (included in other deferred credits and other liabilities on our consolidated statements of financial position) before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. We recognized million of this unearned revenue in 2022 in other operating revenues on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Other accounts receivable - trade: Non-member electric sales Other Total other accounts receivable - trade Other accounts receivable - nontrade Total other accounts receivable Contract liabilities (unearned revenue) 
 
 NOTE 6 
 billion of long-term debt which consists of mortgage notes payable, pollution control revenue bonds and the Springerville certificates. The mortgage notes payable and pollution control revenue bonds are secured on a parity basis by a Master First Mortgage Indenture, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement Master Indenture except for unsecured note in the aggregate amount of million as of December 31, 2022. Substantially all our assets, rents, revenues and margins are pledged as collateral. The Springerville certificates are secured by the assets of Springerville Unit 3. All long-term debt contains certain restrictive financial covenants, including a DSR requirement on an annual basis and an ECR requirement of at least percent at the end of each fiscal year. Other than long-term debt for the Springerville certificates that has a DSR requirement of at least on an annual basis, all other long-term debt contains a DSR requirement of at least on an annual basis. A DSR below under the Master Indenture would require us to transfer all cash to a special fund managed by the trustee of the Master Indenture. 
 We have a secured revolving credit facility with National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation ("CFC"), as lead arranger and administrative agent, in the amount of million 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement that expires on April 25, 2027. We had outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had million in availability (including million under the commercial paper back-up sublimit) under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 On October 3, 2022, we remarketed the Moffat County, CO pollution control revenue bonds on their mandatory tender date into a new -year term rate mode at percent ending October 1, 2027. 
 71 

Table of C ontents 

 million of our First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1 (due 2024). We paid a total of million in aggregate for the purchase of the bonds, including early tender payments. The transaction was funded using available cash and short-term borrowings. 
 to CFC, due through 2028 
 to CoBank, ACB, due through 2042 
 First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2017A, Tranche 1, , due through 2029 
 First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2017A, Tranche 2, , due through 2029 
 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2016A, due 2046 
 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-1, due 2024 
 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E-2, due 2044 
 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2010A, due 2040 
 First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2014B, Tranche 1, , due through 2033 
 First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2014B, Tranche 2, , due through 2039 
 First Mortgage Obligations, Series 2014B, Tranche 3, , due through 2045 
 Variable rate CFC, as determined by CFC, due through 2026 Variable rate CFC, LIBOR-based term loan, due through 2049 Variable rate CoBank, ACB, LIBOR-based term loans, due through 2044 Pollution control revenue bonds Moffat County, CO, term rate through October 2027, Series 2009, due 2036 
 Springerville certificates Series B, , due through 2033 
 Total long-term debt Less debt issuance costs ) ) Less debt discounts ) ) Plus debt premiums Total debt adjusted for discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 2024 (1) 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes million bullet maturity for the First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014 E-1. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 million or the amount available under our 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. The commercial paper issuances are used to provide an additional financing source for our short-term liquidity needs. The maturities of the commercial paper issuances vary 
 72 

Table of C ontents 

 days from the date of issue. The commercial paper notes are classified as current and are included in current liabilities as short-term borrowings on our consolidated statements of financial position. 
 Weighted average interest rate 
 At December 31, 2022, million of the commercial paper back-up sublimit remained available under the 2022 Revolving Credit Agreement. See Note 6 Long-Term Debt. 
 
 NOTE 8 

Marketable Securities 
 We hold marketable securities in connection with the directors and executives elective deferred compensation plans which consist of investments in stock funds, bond funds and money market funds. These securities are measured at fair value on 
 73 

Table of C ontents 

Cash Equivalents 
 We invest portions of our cash and cash equivalents in commercial paper, money market funds, and other highly liquid investments. The fair value of these investments approximates our cost basis in the investments. In aggregate, the fair value was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Debt 
 The fair values of debt were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. These valuation assumptions utilize observable inputs based on market data obtained from independent sources and are therefore considered Level 2 inputs (quoted prices for similar assets, liabilities (adjusted) and market corroborated inputs). 

NOTE 9 
 current income tax expenses or benefits in 2022 or 2021 after regulatory treatment. We had a deferred income tax benefit of million in 2022 and deferred income tax expense of million in 2021. 
 We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes, which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be determined based on the expected future income tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. As a FERC jurisdictional entity, we recognize deferred income tax expense under the normalization method whereby changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in deferred income tax expense (benefit) and any recorded income tax expense (benefit) therefore includes both the current income tax expense (benefit) and the deferred income tax expense (benefit). 
 Our subsidiaries are not subject to FERC regulation and continue to use a flow-through method for recognizing deferred income taxes whereby changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities result in the establishment of a regulatory asset or liability, as approved by our Board. A regulatory asset or liability associated with deferred income taxes generally represents the future increase or decrease in income taxes payable that will be received or settled through future rate revenues. 
 74 

Table of C ontents 

 Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenues and membership withdrawal Safe harbor lease receivables Other Less valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Basis differences- property, plant and equipment and other Operating lease right-of-use assets Capital credits from other associations Deferred debt prepayment transaction costs Other Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Net deferred tax liabilities increased by million in 2022 which is deferred and reflected as an increase in the regulatory asset established for deferred income tax expense. The accounting for regulatory assets is discussed further in Note 2 Accounting for Rate Regulation. The regulatory asset balance associated with deferred income tax expense under the liability method is million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Pretax GAAP income at State statutory rate, net of federal benefit Patronage exclusion ) ) Asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations ) Deferred revenues and membership withdrawal ) ) Operating liabilities, net of right-of-use assets (1) ) Valuation Allowance ) Net operating loss carryforward ) Other items, net ) ) Impairment Regulatory treatment of deferred taxes ) ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 We had an estimated consolidated tax loss of million for 2022. At December 31, 2022, we have an estimated consolidated federal net operating loss carryforward of million of which pre-2018 tax years in the amount of million are subject to expiration periods between 2031 and 2037 and million have no expiration. We have million of state net operating loss carryforwards, of which million is subject to expiration periods between 2031 and 2041 and million have no expiration. We did not establish a valuation allowance because it is more likely than not that the benefit from the federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized in the future. 
 75 

Table of C ontents 

NOTE 10 - 
 Utility Members extend through 2050. 
 Member electric sales 
 Revenues from wholesale electric power sales to our Utility Members are primarily from our Class A rate schedule filed with FERC. Our Class A rate schedule for electric power sales to our Utility Members consist of billing components: an energy rate and demand rates. Our Class A rate schedule is variable and is approved by our Board and FERC. Energy and demand have the same pattern of transfer to our Utility Members and are both measurements of the electric power provided to our Utility Members. Therefore, the provision of electric power to our Utility Members is one performance obligation. Prior to our Utility Members requirement for electric power, we do not have a contractual right to consideration as we are not obligated to provide electric power until the Utility Member requires each incremental unit of electric power. We transfer control of the electric power to our Utility Members over time and our Utility Members simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the electric power. Progress toward completion of our performance obligation is measured using the output method, meter readings are taken at the end of each month for billing purposes, energy and demand are determined after the meter readings and Utility Members are invoiced based on the meter reading. Payments from our Utility Members are received in accordance with the wholesale electric service contracts terms, which is less than 30 days from the invoice date. Utility Member electric sales revenue is recorded as Utility Member electric sales on our consolidated statements of operations and accounts receivable Members on our consolidated statements of financial position. 
 Revenue from one Utility Member, United Power, Inc. ("United Power"), was million, or percent, of our Utility Member revenue and percent of our total operating revenues in 2022. No other Utility Member exceeded 10 percent of our Utility Member revenue or our total operating revenues in 2022. 
 In addition to our Utility Member electric sales, we have non-member electric sales and other operating revenue which consist of several revenue streams. 
 Short-term contracts Rate stabilization Provision for rate refunds ) ) Coal Sales Other Total non-member electric sales and other operating revenue 
 76 

Table of C ontents 

 million of deferred membership withdrawal income for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million and million of deferred non-member electric sales revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, as directed by our Board. See Note 2 Accounting for Rate Regulation. 
 Provision for Rate Refunds 
 
 Provision for rate refunds represents refund of certain revenues based on a FERC order. Based upon a FERC order requiring us to refund certain revenue from power sales in the Western Area Colorado Missouri WACM balancing authority area, in the third quarter of 2022, we reserved million as a preliminary estimate of the amount to be refunded. As required by FERC, in December 2022, we distributed refunds of million. See Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies - Legal. Such an amount was offset by the recognition of a favorable adjustment during the second quarter of 2022 of approximately million for the amount in excess of an accrual that was previously recorded related to certain energy sales to third parties in excess of the soft-cap for short-term, spot market sales of per megawatt hour established by the Western Electricity Coordinating Council. See Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies- Legal. 
 Other operating revenue 
 Other operating revenue consists primarily of wheeling, transmission and coal sales revenue. Other operating revenue also includes revenue we receive from our Non-Utility Members. Wheeling revenue is received when we charge other energy companies for transmitting electricity over our transmission lines (payments are received in accordance with the contract terms which is within 20 days of the date the invoice is received). Transmission revenue is from Southwest Power Pool s scheduling of transmission across our transmission assets in the Eastern Interconnection because of our membership in it (Southwest Power Pool collects the revenue from the customer and pays us for the scheduling, system control, dispatch transmission service, and the annual transmission revenue requirement). Each of these services or goods are provided over time and progress toward completion of our performance obligations are measured using the output method. Coal sales revenue results from the sale of coal from the Colowyo Mine and other locations to third parties. We have an obligation to deliver coal and progress of completion toward our performance obligation is measured using the output method. Our performance obligation is completed as coal is delivered. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 million in 2022 and million in 2021. Rent expense is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there were arrangements accounted for as finance leases. 
 77 

Table of C ontents 

 Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Net operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities current ) ) Operating lease liabilities noncurrent ) ) Total operating lease liabilities ) ) Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 Leasing Arrangements as Lessor 
 We have lease agreements as lessor for certain operational assets. The revenue from these lease agreements of million in 2022 and million in 2021 are included in other operating revenue on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 The lease arrangement with the Springerville Partnership is not reflected in our lease right right-of-use asset or liability balances as the associated revenues and expenses are eliminated in consolidation. See Note 13 Variable Interest Entities. However, as the noncontrolling interest associated with this lease arrangement generates book-tax differences, a deferred tax asset and liability have been recorded. See Note 9 Income Taxes. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 employees participate in the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association Retirement Security Plan RS Plan except for the employees of Colowyo Coal and any non-bargaining employees hired May 1, 2021 or later and bargaining employees hired July 1, 2021 or later. The RS Plan is a defined benefit pension plan qualified under Section 401(a) and tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is considered a multiemployer plan under the accounting standards for compensation retirement benefits. The plan sponsor s Employer Identification Number is 53 116145 and the Plan Number is 333. 
 A unique characteristic of a multiemployer plan compared to a single employer plan is that all plan assets are available to pay benefits to any plan participant. Separate asset accounts are not maintained for participating employers. This means that assets contributed by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 Our contributions to the RS Plan in each of the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 represented less than percent of the total contributions made each year to the plan by all participating employers. We made contributions to the RS Plan of , and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 78 

Table of C ontents 

 times a cooperative s annual RS Plan required contribution as of January 1, 2013. After making the prepayment, the annual contribution was reduced by approximately percent, retroactive to January 1, 2013. The reduced annual contribution is expected to continue for approximately years. However, changes in interest rates, asset returns, other plan experiences different from expected, plan assumption changes and other factors may have an impact on future contributions and the -year period. 
 In May 2013, we elected to make a contribution prepayment of million to the RS Plan. This contribution prepayment was determined to be a long term prepayment and therefore recorded in deferred charges and amortized beginning January 1, 2013 over the period calculated by subtracting the average age of our workforce from our normal retirement age under the RS Plan. 
 Our contributions to the RS Plan include contributions for substantially all of the bargaining unit employees that are made in accordance with collective bargaining agreements. We ceased to add new bargaining employees hired July 1, 2021 or later and non-bargaining employees hired May 1, 2021 or later to the RS Plan. 
 For the RS Plan, a zone status determination is not required, and therefore not determined, under the Pension Protection Act Act of 2006. In addition, the accumulated benefit obligations and plan assets are not determined or allocated separately by individual employer. In total, the RS Plan was over percent funded at both January 1, 2022 and January 1, 2021, based on the Act funding target and the Act actuarial value of assets on those dates. 
 Because the provisions of the Act do not apply to the RS Plan, funding improvement plans and surcharges are not applicable. Future contribution requirements are determined each year as part of the actuarial valuation of the plan and may change as a result of plan experience. 
 We participate in the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan and the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan, both of which are intended to provide a supplemental benefit to the defined benefit plan for an eligible group of highly compensated employees. Eligible employees include the Chief Executive Officer and any other employees that become eligible. All our executive employees with a hire date prior to May 1, 2021 participate in one of the following pension restoration plans: the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan or the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan. Eligibility is determined annually and is based on January 1 base salary that exceeds the limits of the defined benefit plan. Employees hired May 1, 2021 or later are not eligible for either plan. 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments - prior service cost Curtailment ) Benefit payments ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) Executive benefit restoration obligation at end of period Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Employer contributions Benefits paid ) Actual return on plan assets ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Net (asset) liability recognized ) 
 79 

Table of C ontents 

 percent of the projected benefit obligation, amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and included in net income as the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of the active plan participants. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses have been determined per actuarial studies for the executive benefit restoration obligation.) ) Plan amendments - prior service cost ) ) Amortization of prior service cost into other income Amortization of actuarial loss Curtailment and settlement ) Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period ) ) 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS: We offer 401(k) plan to all of our employees. We contribute percent of employee base salary for all non-bargaining employees hired prior to May 1, 2021. All non-bargaining employees hired May 1, 2021 or later and all bargaining employees hired July 1, 2021 or later are eligible for a maximum employer contribution of percent which includes an employer base contribution and an employer match up to IRS allowed annual maximum. We offer 401(k) plan to all employees of Colowyo Coal at the Colowyo Mine. We contribute percent of employee salary and match up to an additional percent of employee contributions for employees hired prior to May 1, 2021 and provide a maximum employer contribution of percent which includes an employer base contribution and an employer match for employees hired May 1, 2021 or later. All employees are eligible to contribute up to percent of their salary on a pre-tax basis. Under all plans, total 401(k) contributions are not to exceed annual IRS limitations which are set annually. Employees who have attained age 50 in a calendar year are eligible for the catch-up contribution with maximum contribution limits determined annually by the IRS. We made contributions to the plan of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Effective January 1, 2022 we adopted a 409(a) non-qualified plan. Senior managers, vice presidents and executive officers hired prior to May 1, 2021 are eligible to participate and contribute to the plan, but are not eligible for any employer contribution. Executive officers hired on or after May 1, 2021 will be eligible to participate and contribute to the plan, and are eligible for the employer contribution. The employer contribution is effective once the eligible executive has reached the maximum allowed contribution and employer contribution and match in our base 401(k) plan and includes a maximum employer contribution of percent which includes an employer base contribution and an employer match. We made minimal contributions to the plan in 2022. 
 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS: We sponsor medical plans for all non bargaining unit employees under the age of 65. of the plans provide postretirement medical benefits to full time non bargaining unit employees and retirees who receive benefits under those plans, who have attained age 55, and who elect to participate. All of these non bargaining unit medical plans offer postemployment medical benefits to employees on long term disability. The plans were unfunded at December 31, 2022, are contributory (with retiree premium contributions equivalent to employee premiums, adjusted annually) and contain other cost sharing features such as deductibles. As of June 30, 2021, the plans ceased to provide postretirement medical benefits for employees who retire after June 30, 2021. 
 80 

Table of C ontents 

 Interest cost Benefit payments (net of contributions by participants) ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Plan amendments ) Postretirement medical benefit obligation at end of period Postemployment medical benefit obligation at end of period Total postretirement and postemployment medical obligations at end of period 
 The service cost component of our net periodic benefit cost is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in other income (expense) on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In accordance with the accounting standard related to postretirement benefits other than pensions, actuarial gains and losses are not recognized in income but are instead recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on our consolidated statements of financial position. If the unrecognized amount is in excess of percent of the projected benefit obligation, amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and included in net income as the excess amount is amortized over the average remaining service lives of the active plan participants. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses have been determined per actuarial studies for the postretirement medical benefit obligation. 
 ) Amortization of prior service credit into other income ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss into other income Actuarial gain Plan amendments Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income at end of period 
 Initial health care cost trend (2018) Ultimate health care cost trend Year that the rate reached the ultimate health care cost trend rate Expected return on plan assets (unfunded) N/A Average remaining service lives of active plan participants (years) 
 81 

Table of C ontents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 
 NOTE 13 
 percent equity interest, including the percent general partner equity interest, in the Springerville Partnership, which is the percent owner of Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC Owner Lessor ). The Owner Lessor is the owner of the Springerville Unit 3. We, as general partner of the Springerville Partnership, have the full, exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of the Springerville Partnership and take certain actions necessary to maintain the Springerville Partnership in good standing without the consent of the limited partners. Additionally, the Owner Lessor has historically not demonstrated an ability to finance its activities without additional financial support. The financial support is provided by our remittance of lease payments in order to permit the Owner Lessor, the holder of the Springerville Unit 3 assets, to pay the debt obligations and equity returns of the Springerville Partnership. We have the primary risk (expense) exposure in operating the Springerville Unit 3 assets and are responsible for percent of the operation, maintenance and capital expenditures of Springerville Unit 3 and the decisions related to those expenditures including budgeting, financing and dispatch of power. Based on all these facts, it was determined that we are the primary beneficiary of the Owner Lessor. Therefore, the Springerville Partnership and Owner Lessor have been consolidated by us. 
 Noncontrolling interest Long-term debt Accrued interest 
 Our consolidated statements of operations include the following Springerville Partnership expenses (dollars in thousands): 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Depreciation, amortization and depletion Interest 
 The revenue and lease expense associated with the Springerville Partnership lease has been eliminated in consolidation. Income, losses and cash flows of the Springerville Partnership are allocated to the general and limited partners based on their equity ownership percentages. The net income or loss attributable to the percent noncontrolling equity interest in the Springerville Partnership is reflected on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 82 

Table of C ontents 

 NOTE 14 
 megawatts through August 31, 2036. 
 COAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENTS: We are committed to purchase coal for our generating plants under contracts that expire between 2024 and 2041. These contracts require us to purchase a minimum quantity of coal at prices subject to escalation reflecting cost increases incurred by the suppliers due to market conditions. The coal purchase projection includes estimated future prices. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Our coal purchases were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 ELECTRIC POWER PURCHASE AGREEMENTS: Our largest long term electric power purchase contracts are with Basin and Western Area Power Administration WAPA ). We purchase from Basin power pursuant to contracts: relating to all the power which we require to serve our Utility Members load in the Eastern Interconnection and relating to fixed scheduled quantities of electric power in the Western Interconnection. Both contracts with Basin continue through December 31, 2050 and are subject to automatic extension thereafter. 
 We purchase renewable power under long-term contracts, including hydroelectric power from WAPA and from specified renewable generating facilities, including wind, solar and small hydro. We purchase from WAPA power pursuant to contracts relating to WAPA s Loveland Area Projects which terminates September 30, 2024 and which commences delivery on October 1, 2024 and terminates September 30, 2054) and contracts relating to WAPA s Salt Lake City Area Integrated Projects which terminate September 30, 2024 and which commences delivery on October 1, 2024 and terminates September 30, 2057). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into renewable power purchase contracts to purchase the entire output from specified renewable facilities totaling approximately MWs, including MWs of wind based power purchase agreements and MWs of solar based power purchase agreements that expire between 2030 and 2042. 
 WAPA Renewables, other than WAPA 
 ENVIRONMENTAL: As with most electric utilities, we are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental requirements that regulate, among other things, air emissions, water discharges and the use and management of hazardous and solid wastes. Compliance with these requirements requires significant expenditures for the installation, maintenance and operation of pollution control equipment, monitoring systems and other equipment or facilities. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that are complex, change frequently and have historically become more stringent and numerous over time. Federal, state, and local standards and procedures that regulate environmental impact of our operations are subject to change. Consequently, there is no assurance that environmental regulations applicable to our facilities will not become materially more stringent, or that we will always be able to obtain all required operating permits. More stringent standards may require us to modify the design or operation of existing facilities or purchase emission allowances. An inability to comply with environmental standards could result in reduced operating levels or the complete shutdown of our facilities that are not in compliance, including the shutting down of additional generating facilities or the shutting down of individual coal-fired generating facilities earlier than scheduled. The cost impact of the 
 83 

Table of C ontents 

 percent starting from March 1, 2021 until the first anniversary and percent reduction (additional percent reduction from then current rates) thereafter until the date a new Class A wholesale rate schedule is approved by FERC and goes into effect. The settlement rates will remain in effect at least through May 31, 2023 and during such time period, we and the settlement parties have agreed, with limited exceptions, to a moratorium on any filings related to our Class A rate schedule, including any rate increases to our Class A rate schedule. We have also agreed to file a new Class A rate schedule after May 31, 2023 and prior to September 1, 2023. During the moratorium, we established a rate design committee to oversee the development of the new rate. Three of the reserved issues are related to the transmission component of our rates and the fourth relates to our community solar program. Additionally, with the exception of one reserved issue regarding transmission demand charges applicable to certain electric storage resources, each of the reserved issues will have prospective effect only, with the intent that any FERC rulings would be implemented in future rate filings. 
 84 

Table of C ontents 

 million to million, plus interest after the date of the expert report. It is not possible to predict the outcome of this matter, whether we will incur any liability in connection with this matter, and in the event of liability, if any, the amount of damages that could be awarded. 
 FERC - Market Based Rate Authority. On December 27, 2021, we submitted to FERC our triennial market power update for the Southwest and Northwest regions in support of our continued authority to sell energy, capacity, and ancillary services at market-based rates in both the Southwest and Northwest regions. Our filing reflected that we pass the supplier 
 85 

Table of C ontents 

 million. On December 14, 2022, we also filed a cost-based rate tariff with FERC for our sales in the WACM balancing authority area, and such cost-based rate tariff was used to calculate the amount refunded. On February 27, 2023, FERC accepted our cost-based rate tariff. 
 Energy Sales - Soft-Cap. In August 2020, we made certain energy sales to third parties in excess of the soft-cap price for short-term, spot market sales of per megawatt hour established by the Western Electricity Coordinating Council. On October 7, 2020, we filed a report with FERC justifying the sales above the soft-cap and we did not recognize the revenue for the energy sales in excess of the soft-cap, EL21-65-000. Based upon additional guidance from FERC, we filed a supplemental report on July 19, 2021. On May 20, 2022, FERC issued an order directing us to refund only certain amounts of the energy sales revenue in excess of the soft-cap. Based upon the FERC order, in the second quarter of 2022, we recognized approximately million in excess of the soft-cap and refunded million to a third party. On July 22, 2022, the California Public Utilities Commission filed a petition for review with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals of FERC s May 20, 2022 order, 22-1169. On August 18, 2022, we filed a motion to intervene with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and an order granting said motion was issued on September 6, 2022. On January 24, 2023, the parties to the proceeding filed a motion with the court to consolidate this proceeding with other related proceedings with the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and proposed a procedural schedule with final briefings due in October 2023. On March 6, 2023, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals granted the motion to consolidate the proceedings. It is not possible to predict the outcome of this matter or whether we will be required to refund any additional amounts to third parties. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 
 86 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this annual report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board; and 
 provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements are prevented or detected timely. 
 Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. In addition, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is subject to risks that those internal controls may become inadequate in future periods because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures deteriorates. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. Based on the COSO criteria, control deficiencies that constitute a material weakness were identified. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness was identified: 
 
 During the quarter ending December 31, 2022, a material weakness in our controls related to the accounting for asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations for coal mines was identified. This material weakness did not, however, result in a misstatement to the reported consolidated financial statements, and notwithstanding the material weakness, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly represent, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 87 

Table of C ontents 

 Remediation 
 With these issues identified, we have evaluated and have begun implementing the following remediation action steps to ensure that the control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated: 
 Establish separate accounts for each mine pit in order to segregate each related asset retirement obligation into its own individual account. 
 Establish procedures to perform monthly rollforward schedules for each asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligation and utilize those rollforward schedules in the monthly account reconciliation process to identify issues on a more timely basis. 
 Establish a calculation model which will only be used for a mine pit in final reclamation in order to more accurately adjust the remaining obligation. 
 Implement quarterly meetings between management and staff in order to review both the asset retirement and environmental reclamation obligations. 
 Engage with third party consultants to evaluate our current processes. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than those described above, there were no changes that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 88 

Table of C ontents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors 
 Our Board is comprised of one representative from each of our 42 Utility Members. Each Class A member and each Class B member that purchases at least 65 per cent of capacity from us elects its representative to serve on our Board. Each of our directors must be a general manager, director or trustee of such member. Except as otherwise provided in our Bylaws, the term of each director is from the time he or she is elected by its member and such election is certified in writing to us by such member until such member elects another person to serve and the fact of such election is certified in writing to us by such member. Each representative on our Board brings an understanding of our Utility Members business and brings insight to our Utility Members operations which we believe qualifies them to serve on our Board. The directors on our Board and their ages as of March 1, 2023 a re as follows: 
 NAME AGE UTILITY MEMBER REPRESENTATIVE Timothy A. Rabon Chairman and President 62 Otero County Electric Cooperative, Inc. Donald Keairns Vice Chairman 63 San Isabel Electric Association, Inc. Julie Kilty Secretary 64 Wyrulec Company Stuart Morgan Treasurer 76 Wheat Belt Public Power District Matt M. Brown Assistant Secretary 71 High Plains Power, Inc. Scott Wolfe Assistant Secretary 59 San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. Arthur W. Connell Executive Committee 69 Central New Mexico Electric Cooperative, Inc. Thaine Michie Executive Committee 82 Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc. Douglas Shawn Turner Executive Committee 61 The Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation Charles Abel II 54 Sangre de Cristo Electric Association, Inc. Leroy Anaya 66 Socorro Electric Cooperative, Inc. Robert Baca 58 Mora San Miguel Electric Cooperative, Inc. Lucas Bear 42 Northwest Rural Public Power District Robert Bledsoe 73 K.C. Electric Association Lawrence Brase 76 Southeast Colorado Power Association Leo Brekel 71 Highline Electric Association William Bridges 62 Big Horn Rural Electric Company Kevin Cooney 67 San Miguel Power Association, Inc. Mark Daily 70 Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc. Raymond Bruce Duran 61 Jemez Mountains Electric Cooperative, Inc. Jerry Fetterman 67 Empire Electric Association, Inc. John Jack Finnerty 83 Wheatland Rural Electric Association Joel Gilbert 64 Southwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. Rick Gordon 69 Mountain View Electric Association, Inc. Randolph "Randy" Graff 68 Morgan County Rural Electric Association Ronald Hilkey 83 White River Electric Association, Inc. Ralph Hilyard 84 Roosevelt Public Power District Joe Hoskins 68 Continental Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. Hal Keeler 94 Columbus Electric Cooperative, Inc. Brian McCormick 47 United Power, Inc. Kohler McInnis 68 La Plata Electric Association, Inc. Stanley Propp 76 Chimney Rock Public Power District Steve M. Rendon 68 Northern Rio Arriba Electric Cooperative, Inc. Peggy A. Ruble 69 Garland Light Power Company Roger Schenk 59 Y W Electric Association, Inc. Gary Shaw 68 Springer Electric Cooperative, Inc. 
 89 

Table of C ontents 

 Darryl Sullivan 72 Sierra Electric Cooperative, Inc. Kevin Thomas 65 High West Energy, Inc. Clay Thompson 64 Carbon Power Light, Inc. Carl Trick II 75 Mountain Parks Electric, Inc. William Wilson 68 Niobrara Electric Association, Inc. Phillip Zochol 47 Panhandle Rural Electric Membership Association 
 Timothy A. Rabon has served on our Board since April 2014 and has been Chairman and President of our Board since August 2021. Prior to serving as Chairman and President of our Board, he served as Vice-Chairman of our Board. He is a member of the Executive Committee, as well as Ex-officio of the Engineering and Operations Committee, the External Affairs Member Relations Committee, and the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Rabon serves as a trustee of Otero County Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is President of Mesa Verde Enterprises, Inc., which is a heavy horizontal civil construction company. He is the Vice President of Heritage Group, which is a commercial and residential land development company. He is also a partner of Mesa Verde Ranch LLP, which is a land holding and cow/calf ranching operation. He is President of Aggregate Technologies, LLC, which is a mining and aggregate production and trucking operation. He is also owner of MV2, LLC, which is a land holding and construction and demolition landfill operation, and Vice President and co-owner of Trabon LLC, which is a trucking and property management company. 
 Donald Keairns has served on our Board since April 2012 and has been Vice-Chairman of our Board since August 2021. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Keairns serves as a director of San Isabel Electric Association, Inc. He owned and managed several rental properties. Mr. Keairns also serves as a director of Western United Electric Supply Corporation. 
 Julie Kilty has served on our Board since January 2013 and is Secretary of our Board. She is a member of the Executive Committee and the Finance and Audit Committee. Ms. Kilty serves as President of Wyrulec Company. She is owner of Bar X Ranch, LLC and partner of Bar X Design, LLC. 
 Stuart Morgan has served on our Board since May 2007 and is Treasurer of our Board. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Morgan serves as a director of Wheat Belt Public Power District. He is President and owner of Morgan Farms, Inc. in Dalton, Nebraska. Mr. Morgan also serves as director of Western States Power Corporation. 
 Matt M. Brown has served on our Board since April 2010 and is Assistant Secretary of our Board. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Brown serves as Treasurer of High Plains Power, Inc. He is a rancher in Thermopolis, Wyoming and has held a real estate license in Wyoming since 1983. 
 Scott Wolfe has served on our Board since June 2008 and is Assistant Secretary of our Board. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Wolfe serves as director of San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a retired farmer and owns Lobo Farm LLC. 
 Arthur W. Connell has served on our Board since July 2000. He is a member of the Executive Committee and Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Connell serves as a trustee of Central New Mexico Electric Cooperative, Inc. and is a rancher. 
 Thaine Michie has served on our Board since March 2009. He is a member of the Executive Committee and serves on the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Michie serves as a director of Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc. He is a retired Chief Executive Officer of Platte River Power Authority. 
 Douglas Shawn Turner has served on our Board since April 2015. He is a member of the Executive Committee and the Chairman of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Turner serves as President of The Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation. He is a farmer and rancher and the owner and operator of Turn-West Farms, Inc. and Wild Horse Spring Land Cattle Co. 
 Charles Abel II has served on our Board since April 2019. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Abel serves as Treasurer of Sangre de Cristo Electric Association. He is self-employed as a CPA providing tax and financial services to individuals and small businesses. Mr. Abel also serves as a director of CFC. 
 90 

Table of C ontents 

 Leroy Anaya has served on our Board since May 2018. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Anaya serves as a trustee of Socorro Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is retired from the Socorro County Assessor's office. 
 Robert Baca has served on our Board since June 2016. He serves as Chairman of the External Affairs Member Relations Committee. Mr. Baca serves as Chairman of Mora San Miguel Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a self-employed electrician and owner of EGB Electric. 
 Lucas Bear has served on our Board since August 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Bear serves as a director of Northwest Rural Power District. Mr. Bear is owner and operator of a cow/calf operation. 
 Robert Bledsoe has served on our Board since July 1998. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Bledsoe serves as a director of K.C. Electric Association. He is a self employed rancher and farmer, half owner of Bledsoe Livestock Co. LLC, and a partial owner of Bledsoe Wind, LLC. Mr. Bledsoe is also on the board of directors of Colorado Rural Electric Association. 
 Lawrence Brase has served on our Board since April 2018. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Brase serves as a director of Southeast Colorado Power Association. He is a retired owner and operator of an independent insurance agency. 
 Leo Brekel has served on our Board since March 2003. He serves as Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Brekel serves as a director of Highline Electric Association. He is a wheat farmer near Fleming, Colorado. Mr. Brekel also serves as a director of Basin. 
 William Bridges has served on our Board since June 2020. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Bridges serves as Vice President of Big Horn Rural Electric Company. Mr. Bridges is a civil engineer and owns a consulting firm in Wyoming. 
 Kevin Coone y has served on our Board since June 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Cooney serves as a director of San Miguel Power Association Inc. Mr. Cooney is an engineer and is President of Buka Engineering, Inc. and also works for Rolling Energy Resources. 
 Mark Daily has served on our Board since May 2018. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Daily serves as a director of Gunnison County Electric Association, Inc. He is a former member service representative for Poudre Valley Rural Electric Association, Inc. 
 Raymond Bruce Duran has served on our Board since August 2021. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Duran serves as a trustee of Jemez Mountains Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is the owner and general manager of Construction Services Southwest LLC, which is a mechanical, utility and plumbing company. 
 Jerry Fetterman has served on our Board since October 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Fetterman serves as a director of Empire Electric Association Inc. Mr. Fetterman owned and operated Woods Canyon Archaeological Consultants, Inc. 
 John Jack Finnerty has served on our Board since April 1988. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Finnerty serves as Secretary/Treasurer of Wheatland Rural Electric Association. He is a rancher in Wheatland, Wyoming. 
 Joel Gilbert has served on our Board since August 2018. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Gilbert serves as President of Southwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a retired livestock inspector with N.M. Livestock Board. He is currently operating/managing his own ranch. 
 Rick Gordon has served on our Board since November 1994. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Gordon serves as a director of Mountain View Electric Association, Inc. Mr. Gordon owns and operates Gordon Insurance, an independent insurance agency with offices in Calhan, Flagler, Limon and Sterling, Colorado. 
 Randolph "Randy" Graff has served on our Board since April 2020. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Graff serves as Chairman of Morgan County Rural Electric Association. He is a retired owner and operator of Graff s Turf Farms, Inc. 
 91 

Table of C ontents 

 Ronald Hilkey has served on our Board since March 2014. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Hilkey serves as a director of White River Electric Association, Inc. Mr. Hilkey is a retired law enforcement officer and the previous owner of Adams Lodge Outfitters. 
 Ralph Hilyard has served on our Board since April 2002. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Hilyard serves as a director of Roosevelt Public Power District. He is a retired self employed farmer. 
 Joe Hoskins has served on our Board since April 2022. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Hoskins serves as a trustee of Continental Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a retired manager for Maynard Buckles. 
 Hal Keeler has served on our Board since July 2000. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Keeler serves as a trustee of Columbus Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a retired farm owner operator and has also been a bank board member for 1st New Mexico Bank. 
 Brian McCormick has served on our Board since January 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. McCormick serves as a director of United Power, Inc. He owns and operates Saint Vrain Capital, LLC. He is a veteran of the U.S. Army and Colorado Army National Guard. 
 Kohler McInnis has served on our Board since May 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. McInnis serves as a director of La Plata Electric Association, Inc. Mr. McInnis is a managing member of multiple investment portfolios and is the owner of Kohler McInnis Property. 
 Stanley Propp has served on our Board since April 2015. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Propp serves as a director of Chimney Rock Public Power District. He is a retired farmer and retired shop foreman of Scottsbluff County Weed Control Authority. 
 Steve M. Rendon has served on our Board since October 2017. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Rendon serves as President of Northern Rio Arriba Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a retired teacher with the Chama Valley Schools. 
 Peggy A. Ruble has served on our Board since April 2017. She is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Ms. Ruble serves as Vice President of Garland Light Power Company. She is a retired executive assistant to the Park County Board of County Commissioners in Cody, Wyoming. 
 Roger Schenk has served on our Board since April 2019. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Schenk serves as a director of Y W Electric Association, Inc. He is owner and operator of a farm. 
 Gary Shaw has served on our Board since June 2019. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Shaw serves as Secretary of Springer Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is President and owner of Chateau Hill Ranch Company and Chateau Hill Cattle Company. 
 Darryl Sullivan has served on our Board since December 2013. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Sullivan serves as a trustee of Sierra Electric Cooperative, Inc. He is a farmer and rancher in Monticello, New Mexico. He is a hat maker. He is also a western store owner and owner of Concrete Ditch Lazer Level. 
 Kevin Thomas has served on our Board since May 2022. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Thomas serves as a director for High West Energy, Inc. He is a retired school administrator and currently serving as an interim high school principal. 
 Clay Thompson has served on our Board since July 2020. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Thompson serves as a director for Carbon Power Light, Inc. Mr. Thompson is a civil engineering technician for the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service and manages the family ranch in Laramie, Wyoming. 
 Carl Trick II has served on our Board since September 2012. He is a member of the Engineering and Operations Committee. Mr. Trick serves as a director of Mountain Parks Electric, Inc. He is the President and owner of North Park Angus Ranch, Inc., a cattle and hay operation in North Park, Colorado. 
 William Wilson has served on our Board since October 2019. He is a member of the External Affairs-Member Relations Committee. Mr. Wilson serves as a director at Niobrara Electric Association, Inc. He is a self-employed cattle rancher and owner of Wilson Ranch. 
 92 

Table of C ontents 

 Phillip Zochol has served on our Board since December 2013. He is a member of the Finance and Audit Committee. Mr. Zochol serves as Vice President of Panhandle Rural Electric Membership Association. He is the assistant manager at Zochol Feedlot LLC. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 We do not have an audit committee financial expert due to our cooperative governance structure and the fact that our Board consists of one representative from each of our Class A members and Class B members that purchase at least 65 per cent of capacity from us. Such representative must be a general manager, director or trustee of such member. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and their ages as of March 1, 2023: 
 NAME AGE POSITION Duane Highley 61 Chief Executive Officer Patrick L. Bridges 64 Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer Elda de la Pe a 58 Chief Administrative Officer/CHRO Robert Frankmore 50 Chief of Staff Barry Ingold 59 Chief Operating Officer Reginal "Reg" Rudolph 54 Chief Energy Innovations Officer Jerome "Jay" Sturhahn 50 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Barbara Walz 60 Senior Vice President, Policy Compliance/Chief Compliance Officer 
 Duane Highley is our Chief Executive Officer and has served in that position since April 2019. Mr. Highley previously served as President and CEO of Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation and Arkansas Electric Cooperatives, Inc. and has over 40 years of experience with electric cooperatives. He has a bachelor s and master s degree from Missouri University of Science and Technology and completed the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program. 
 Patrick L. Bridges is our Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer and has served in that position since 2008. Mr. Bridges previously served as Senior Manager, Corporate Finance. Prior to joining Tri State in 2006, he served as the Vice President and Treasurer of Texas New Mexico Power Company. Mr. Bridges has over 40 years of experience in the electric energy sector. He has a Master of Science degree in applied economics from the University of Texas at Dallas, a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from West Texas State University, and is a Certified Public Accountant, inactive, and Chartered Financial Analyst. 
 Elda de la Pe a is our Chief Administrative Officer/CHRO and has served in that position since June 2022. Ms. de la Pe a s title changed from Senior Vice President, People and Culture/Chief Human Resource Officer to her current title when she assumed additional responsibilities including management of information technology. Ms. de la Pe a previously served as Senior Manager, Employee Services and has served in numerous human resources roles since joining Tri-State in 1997. She has a master s degree in language and interpersonal communication and is a SHRM Senior Certified Professional and an HRCI certified Senior Professional in Human Resources . 
 Robert Frankmore is our Chief of Staff and has served in that position since June 2022. Mr. Frankmore previously served as our Vice President, Strategy. Prior to joining Tri State in 2014, he served as Senior Vice President at Hill Knowlton Strategies. Mr. Frankmore has over 20 years of experience in the energy industry and over 25 years of experience in governmental relations, communications and public affairs. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Colorado State University. 
 Barry Ingold is our Chief Operating Officer and has served in that position since June 2022. In June 2022, we consolidated the responsibilities for energy management, generation and transmission into a new Chief Operating Officer position that was filled by Mr. Ingold. Prior to assuming the additional responsibilities for energy management and transmission, he was our Senior Vice President, Generation and had served in that position since 2014. Mr. Ingold has served in numerous engineering and management roles since joining Tri-State in 2004. In addition to his 25 years of direct industry experience, Mr. Ingold served for 13 years in the submarine force of the United States Navy. He then transitioned to the Navy Reserve where he served for an additional 13 years and attained the rank of Captain prior to retiring from the United States Navy. Mr. Ingold has a bachelor s degree in marine engineering and marine transportation from the United States Merchant Marine Academy, a master s degree in mechanical engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School, and a master s degree in business administration from Arizona State University. 
 93 

Table of C ontents 

 Reginal "Reg" Rudolph is our Chief Energy Innovations Officer and has served in that position since January 2022. Prior to joining Tri State, Mr. Rudolph served as General Manager of our Utility Member, San Isabel Electric Association, Inc. for 14 years and has over 31 years of experience in the electric utility industry. Mr. Rudolph has a Master s of Business Administration degree from Colorado State University and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from North Dakota State University. 
 Jerome Jay Sturhahn is our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and has served in that position since October 2022. Prior to joining Tri State, Mr. Sturhahn practiced law in Denver, Colorado as a member at Sherman Howard L.L.C., including representing us on litigation and regulatory matters. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University and a Jurisprudence Doctor degree from the University of Michigan Law School. He has over 20 years of legal experience. 
 Barbara Walz is our Senior Vice President, Policy Compliance/Chief Compliance Officer and has served in that position since 2011. She joined Tri State in 1997 as senior engineer of environmental services. She has held various positions at Tri State, including Environmental Services Manager and later, Vice President of Environmental. Mrs. Walz has a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from the University of North Dakota, a master s degree in environmental policy and management from the University of Denver, and a certificate in Financial Success for Nonprofits from Cornell University. In 2017, Mrs. Walz was inducted into the University of North Dakota Engineering Hall of Fame. She has 26 years of experience in the utility industry. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have a code of ethics policy that applies to our employees including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of this policy is available on our website, www.tristate.coop. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 General Philosophy 
 Our compensation and benefits program is designed to provide a total compensation package that is competitive within the electric cooperative industry and the geographic areas in which our employees live and work. Our goal is to attract and retain competent personnel and to encourage superior performance by recognition and reward for individual ability and performance. 
 Total Compensation Package. We compensate our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers through use of a total rewards package that includes base salary and benefits. Our Chief Executive Officer s base salary is based upon performance and national salary data provided by various surveys, which include data from the labor market for positions with similar responsibilities. 
 Process. The Executive Committee of our Board recommends on an annual basis the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer to the entire Board and our Board approves such compensation. Our Board has delegated to our Chief Executive Officer the authority to establish and adjust compensation for all other employees. The compensation for all other employees, including executive officers, is determined by the Chief Executive Officer based upon performance and market based salary data. 
 Base Salaries. As an electric cooperative, we do not have publicly traded stock and as a result do not have equity based compensation programs. For this reason, substantially all of our monetary compensation to our executive officers is provided in the form of base salary. We provide our executive officers with a level of cash compensation in the form of base salary that is commensurate with the duties and responsibilities of their positions as well as job performance. These salaries are determined based on market data for positions with similar responsibilities. 
 Bonuses. As a general practice, we do not normally issue bonuses. However, on occasion, a discretionary cash bonus may be awarded by the Chief Executive Officer to the executive officers or other employees. Our Board has the authority to award a bonus to the Chief Executive Officer if deemed appropriate. 
 Retention Agreements. The Chief Executive Officer, with the approval of our Board, has in the past executed retention agreements for certain executive officers and other staff as deemed appropriate from time to time. We currently have no retention agreements with our executive officers. 
 94 

Table of C ontents 

 Retirement Plans 
 Defined Benefit Plan. We participate in the RS Plan, a noncontributory, defined benefit, multiemployer master pension plan which is available to all of our non-bargaining employees hired prior to May 1, 2021 and all bargaining employees hired prior to July 1, 2021. This plan is a qualified pension plan under IRC Section 401(a). Benefits, which accrue under the plan, are based upon the employee s annual base salary as of November 15 of the previous year, their years of benefit service and the plan multiplier. 
 401(k) Plans. We offer one 401(k) plan to all of our employees. We contribute 1 percent of employee base salary for all non-bargaining employees hired prior to May 1, 2021. All non-bargaining employees hired May 1, 2021 or later and all bargaining employees hired July 1, 2021 or later are eligible for a maximum employer contribution of 10 percent which includes an employer base contribution and an employer match up to IRS allowed annual maximum. 
 We offer one 401(k) plan to all employees of Colowyo Coal at the Colowyo Mine. We contribute 7 percent of employee salary and match up to an additional 5 percent of employee contributions for employees hired prior to May 1, 2021 and provide a maximum employer contribution of 10 percent which includes an employer base contribution and an employer match for employees hired May 1, 2021 or later. 
 All employees are eligible to contribute up to 75 percent of their salary on a pre-tax basis. Under all plans, total 401(k) contributions are not to exceed annual IRS limitations which are set annually. Employees who have attained age 50 in a calendar year are eligible for the catch-up contribution with maximum contribution limits determined annually by the IRS. 
 NRECA Pension Restoration Plan and Executive Benefit Restoration Plan. We participate in the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan and the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan, both of which are intended to provide a supplemental benefit to the defined benefit plan for an eligible group of highly compensated employees with a hire date prior to May 1, 2021. Eligible employees include the Chief Executive Officer and any other employees that become eligible. All our executive employees with a hire date prior to May 1, 2021 participate in either the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan or the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan. Eligibility is determined annually and is based on January 1 base salary that exceeds the limits of the RS Plan. The funds for the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan are held in trust by a third party bank and the funds are subject to claims by our creditors in the event of insolvency. Employees hired May 1, 2021 or later are not eligible for either plan. 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. We offer a non-qualified executive deferred compensation plan for an eligible group of highly compensated employees, which includes all executive employees. Eligible employees can contribute up to 30 percent of their salary on a pre-tax basis. Executive employees hired May 1, 2021 or later who are not eligible for the RS Plan, the NRECA Pension Restoration Plan or the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan are eligible for a 10 percent contribution from us to the executive deferred compensation plan. 
 Perquisites and Other Benefits 
 The Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers receive the same health and welfare benefit plans and sick time as all employees. In addition to these benefits, they also receive the following: 
 Company vehicle or monthly auto allowance: the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers are provided their choice of a company vehicle for both business and personal use or a monthly stipend as an auto allowance. There are no restrictions on usage for company vehicles. If a company vehicle is provided, these vehicles are considered compensation, which is grossed up for income taxes. If an executive elects the monthly auto allowance, it is paid monthly and grossed up for income taxes. 
 Vacation: Executive officers currently accrue vacation at the rate of six weeks per year. They may accrue up to a maximum of 1,040 hours of vacation. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The Executive Committee serves as the compensation committee of our Board and has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussion, has recommended to our Board its inclusion in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Executive Committee Members: 
 Timothy A. Rabon 
 95 

Table of C ontents 

 Donald Keairns 
 Julie Kilty 
 Stuart Morgan 
 Matt M. Brown 
 Scott Wolfe 
 Arthur W. Connell 
 Thaine Michie 
 Douglas Shawn Turner 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 As described above, the Executive Committee of our Board recommends the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer to the entire Board and our Board approves the compensation. Our Board has delegated to our Chief Executive Officer the authority to establish and adjust compensation for all other employees other than himself. Timothy A. Rabon, Donald Keairns, Julie Kilty, Stuart Morgan, Matt M. Brown, Scott Wolfe, Arthur W. Connell, Thaine Michie and Douglas Shawn Turner serve as members of the Executive Committee. 
 Other than as noted below, no member of the Executive Committee is, or previously was, an officer or employee of us. Mr. Rabon is our Chairman and President, Mr. Keairns is our Vice Chairman, Ms. Kilty is our Secretary, Mr. Morgan is our Treasurer, Mr. Brown is our Assistant Secretary, and Mr. Wolfe is our Assistant Secretary. All of the members of our Executive Committee are directors of our Utility Members. Each of our Utility Members has a wholesale electric service contract with us and we received revenue from each of our Utility Members in excess of 120,000 in 2022. 
 Executive Compensation 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and our three other most highly paid executive officers (based on total compensation for 2022). The table also identifies the principal capacity in which each of these executives serves or served. 
 Name and Title Year Salary Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings All other compensation (1) Total Duane D. Highley 2022 1,489,353 1,822,524 65,565 3,377,442 Chief Executive Officer 2021 1,421,924 2,213,191 65,068 3,700,183 2020 1,350,000 2,076,328 49,596 3,475,924 Patrick L. Bridges (2) 
 2022 527,763 168,151 63,116 759,030 Senior VP/CFO 2021 502,770 62,780 565,550 2020 496,884 463,739 162,430 1,123,053 Barbara Walz 2022 438,044 347,736 47,979 833,759 Senior VP, Policy and 2021 413,838 576,076 43,917 1,033,831 Compliance/CCO 2020 367,427 591,192 117,246 1,075,865 Barry Ingold 2022 497,524 464,036 38,321 999,881 Chief Operating Officer 2021 402,217 464,036 39,236 905,489 2020 398,400 517,490 120,413 1,036,303 Elda de la Pe a 2022 413,773 450,394 51,698 915,865 Chief Administrative 2021 331,858 424,832 40,323 797,013 Officer/CHRO 2020 212,731 290,976 28,844 532,551 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes retention agreement payments, if applicable, monthly auto allowance or personal use of auto which is grossed up to cover taxes, relocation benefits, employer 401(k) and non-qualified executive plan contribution, group term life, and employer paid premium for medical and dental insurance. 
 (2) Patrick Bridges quasi-retired on January 6, 2021 from the RS Plan at which time the benefit calculation started over on January 7, 2021. Therefore, the change in value of the plan from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 was a negative 1,014,386.63. 
 96 

Table of C ontents 

 Defined Benefit Plan 
 The following table lists the estimated values under the RS Plan and both restoration plans as of December 31, 2022. As a result of changes in Internal Revenue Service regulations, the annual base salary used in determining benefits is limited to 305,000 effective January 1, 2022. 
 Name Number of years Credited Service as of December 31, 2022 RS Plan Present Value of Accumulated Benefit as of December 31, 2022 Pension Restoration Plans Present Value of Accumulated Benefit as of December 31, 2022 Payments During 2022 Duane D. Highley (1) 3 years, 9 months 3,100,810 6,085,454 None Patrick L. Bridges (2) 1 year, 11 months 198,371 1,005,157 1,456,190 Barbara Walz 24 years, 11 months 2,637,888 623,075 None Barry Ingold 17 years 1,838,097 617,851 None Elda de la Pe a 24 years, 8 months 1,835,098 489,366 None 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Mr. Highley began employment with us on April 1, 2019. He has 3 years 9 months of service with us and a total of 38 years and 6 months in the RS Plan due to prior years of participation at previous employers. His participation in the NRECA Executive Benefit Restoration Plan started new on April 1, 2019. 
 (2) Patrick Bridges received a quasi-retired lump sum on January 6, 2021 from the RS Plan. On January 7, 2021, Mr. Bridges began accruing a new pension plan benefit. Number of years credited for the Pension Restoration Plan is 15 years, 3 months. 
 There is a one-year waiting period after commencement of employment before participants are eligible for the RS Plan. This waiting period is waived if the participant was previously eligible for the RS Plan at another participating employer. 
 The pension benefits indicated above are the estimated amounts payable by the plan, and they are not subject to any deduction for Social Security or other offset amounts. The participant s annual pension at his or her normal retirement date, currently age 62, is equal to the product of his or her years of benefit service multiplied by the average of his or her highest annual salary in five of the last ten years multiplied by 1.9 percent. The value listed in the table is the actual lump sum value that would have been payable to the employee if they had terminated employment on December 31, 2022. 
 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 
 The 2022 compensation disclosure ratio of the median annual total compensation of all our employees to the annual total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer is as follows: 
 Category and Ratio 2022 Total 
 Compensation (1) 
 Median annual total compensation of all employees (excluding Chief Executive Officer) 153,200 Annual Total Compensation of Duane D. Highley, Chief Executive Officer 3,377,442 Ratio of the median annual total compensation of all employees to the annual total compensation of Duane D. Highley, Chief Executive Officer 1.0:21.99 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes change in pension value from 2021 to 2022. 
 In determining the median employee, a listing was prepared of all active employees of us and our subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. We did not make any assumptions, adjustments, or estimates with respect to total compensation, and we did not annualize the compensation for any full-time employees that were not employed by us for all of 2022. We determined the compensation of our median employee by (1) utilizing the W-2 Box 5 wages for all active employees for 2022 and (2) ranking the annual total compensation of the employees, except the Chief Executive Officer, from lowest to highest. To determine if a material difference exists in the total compensation of the median employee compared to other employees when adding the change in pension value for the employee, we added this value to the median employee and to the three employees below and three employees above. After completing this evaluation of the seven employees, it was determined there was a material difference in the pension value of the years of benefit service of the seven employees. Therefore, we did change the 
 97 

Table of C ontents 

 median employee after adding the change in pension value to be the median employee of the above mentioned seven employees. 
 After identifying the median employee, we calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology we use for our named executive officers as set forth in the above Summary Compensation Table. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. However, due to the flexibility afforded by Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K in calculating the Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio, our Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio may not be comparable to the Chief Executive Officer pay ratios presented by other companies. 
 Board of Directors Compensation 
 Chairman and President of our Board 
 The Chairman and President of our Board is compensated per Board policy, which was revised in November 2022 and now provides as follows: 
 1) Due to the duties and responsibilities of the Chairman and President, the allowance paid to the Chairman and President is 160,000 per year paid on a bi-weekly basis. The Chairman and President is also reimbursed for expenses submitted as incurred. 
 2) The Chairman and President is assigned a company vehicle for business and personal use. 
 Board of Directors 
 Our Board, excluding the Chairman and President, are compensated per Board policy, which was revised in November 2022 and now provides as follows: 
 1) A director will receive a monthly preparation fee of 500. 
 2) For each day a director attends one or more authorized meetings or events in person, including virtual meetings, the director is entitled to an attendance allowance of 500. For virtual meetings or virtual events that require an hour or less of director time, no allowance will be paid without approval from the Chairman and President or Vice Chairman. 
 3) The travel day allowance for travel time for directors going to and from the above meetings or events, where one or more days or a partial day of travel is required in addition to the day of the meeting, is up to 500 with the allowance based upon the number of miles the director lives from the location of the meeting. 
 4) Directors are reimbursed for transportation in connection with the foregoing meetings or events at the published maximum IRS approved mileage rate for use of a personal vehicle, or for the actual commercial plane, bus, rail, rental car and/or ground transportation fares incurred. 
 5) The allowance for meal expenses of a director incurred in the Denver metropolitan area in connection with attendance at meetings is at the published maximum IRS allowable per diem rate, for the Denver metropolitan area. A director may stay at a hotel approved by us, the Chairman and President, or the Executive Committee in the Denver metropolitan area in connection with attendance at meetings at no charge to the director. All meetings attended by directors outside of the Denver metropolitan area will be reimbursed for actual receipted expenses for meals and lodging incurred at such meetings. 
 Directors are authorized to attend other meetings or functions at our expense only with the authorization of our Board or the Chairman and President, or in the absence of those, with the authorization of the Vice Chairman upon consultation with and consent of any member of the Executive Committee. 
 Deferred Compensation Program 
 Our Board, including the Chairman and President of our Board, are eligible to participate in the Directors Elective Deferred Fees Plan. This program allows for deferral of director s fees into an unfunded and unsecured plan under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Under this program, the funds are held in trust by a third party bank and the funds are subject to claims by our creditors in the event of insolvency. 
 98 

Table of C ontents 

 Board of Directors Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning fees earned or paid to our Board in 2022 for services rendered. Director fees are earned or paid in cash after submission of receipts to us. Directors are also reimbursed for expenses as described above. 
 Name 2022 Board Fees (1) 
 Charles Abel II 12,875 Leroy Anaya 22,250 Robert Baca 31,500 Lucas Bear 17,750 Robert Bledsoe 20,250 Lawrence Brase 19,500 Leo Brekel 17,750 William Bridges 21,250 Matt M. Brown 18,000 Jerry Burnett (2) 12,500 Arthur W. Connell 33,500 Kevin Cooney 28,750 Mark Daily 21,000 Raymond Bruce Duran 16,500 Jerry Fetterman 18,000 John "Jack" Finnerty 20,000 Joel Gilbert 17,250 Rick Gordon 21,000 Randolph "Randy" Graff 15,000 Ronald Hilkey 15,750 Ralph Hilyard 14,500 Joe Hoskins 12,000 Donald Keairns 57,250 Hal Keeler 25,500 Julie Kilty 28,000 Brian McCormick 15,625 Kohler McInnis 20,500 Thaine Michie 24,000 Stuart Morgan 29,250 Stanley Propp 17,000 Timothy A. Rabon 162,500 Steve M. Rendon 33,500 Claudio Romero (2) 6,500 Peggy A. Ruble 19,000 Roger Schenk 28,000 Gary Shaw 16,000 Darryl Sullivan 22,000 Kevin Thomas 14,500 Clay Thompson 15,000 Carl Trick II 12,500 Douglas Shawn Turner 25,750 William Wilson 21,500 
 99 

Table of C ontents 

 Scott Wolfe 23,000 Phillip Zochol 11,750 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Various directors have deferred a total of 13,025 of the actual Board fee payments made in 2022. Some directors deferred up to 100 percent of their fee payments. 
 (2) Individual ceased serving on our Board prior to December 31, 2022. 
 100 

Table of C ontents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 Because we are a cooperative, our Members own us. Each of our directors, as required by our Bylaws, is a general manager, director or trustee of the Utility Member that it represents on our Board. Each of our Utility Members has a wholesale electric service contract with us and we received revenue from each of our Utility Members in excess of 120,000 in 2022. 
 Other than as described above, in 2022, we had no transactions with any related persons that exceeded 120,000 and there are currently no proposed transactions with any related persons that exceed 120,000. 
 Our Board has adopted a conflicts of interest policy that sets forth guidelines for the approval of any related party transaction and requires that our directors, senior management, a nd certain employees annually report and supplement as needed to the Chairman and President of our Board all personal and business relationships that could influence decisions related to our operation and management, as well as any relationships that could give the appearance of influencing such decisions. 
 Director Independence 
 Because we are a cooperative, our Members own us. Our Bylaws set forth the specific requirements regarding the composition of our Board. See "DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors" for a description of these requirements. 
 In addition to meeting the requirements set forth in our Bylaws, all directors satisfy the definition of director independence as prescribed by the NASDAQ Stock Market and otherwise meet all the requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Although we do not have any securities listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market, we have used its independence criteria to make this determination in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table presents fees for services provided by our independent registered accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, for the two most recent fiscal years. 
 2022 
 2021 
 Audit Fees(1) 861,000 780,000 Audit-Related Fees(2) Tax Fees(3) 49,000 27,000 All Other Fees(4) Total 910,000 807,000 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Audit of annual consolidated financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in SEC filings and services rendered in connection with financings, including comfort letters, consents, and comment letters. Also includes audit of the financial statements included in the annual FERC Form 1 filing. 
 (2) Other audit-related services generally relate to accounting consultations pertaining to accounting standards impacting future periods. There were no such services or related fees during 2021 and 2022. 
 (3) Professional tax services including tax consulting and tax return compliance. 
 (4) All other fees. 
 101 

Table of C ontents 

 For the two most recent fiscal years, other than those fees listed above, we did not pay Ernst Young LLP any fees for any other products or services. 
 Pre-Approval Policy 
 All audit, tax, and other services, and related fees, to be performed by Ernst Young LLP for us must be reviewed by the Finance and Audit Committee and approved by our Board. In the event that time does not allow for Finance and Audit Committee review and Board pre-approval of non-audit fees, non-audit service may be performed by Ernst Young LLP if pre-approved by both the Chairman and the Vice-Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee. The Finance and Audit Committee reviews the description of the services and an estimate of the anticipated costs of performing those services for approval by our Board. Committee review and Board pre-approval is granted usually at regularly scheduled meetings. During 2021 and 2022, all services performed by Ernst Young LLP were approved or pre-approved in accordance with this policy. 
 102 

Table of C ontents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report. 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 
 2. Financial Statements Schedules 
 Not Applicable 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 5, 2021, File No. 333-212006.) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., dated August 5, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2021, File No. 333-212006.) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated effective as of December 15, 1999, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association , as (successor) trustee, as supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated June 30, 2000, Supplemental Indenture No. 20, dated July 30, 2009, Supplemental Indenture No. 21, dated October 8, 2009, Supplemental Indenture No. 27, dated July 29, 2011, Supplemental Indenture No. 28, dated March 15, 2012, Supplemental Indenture No. 29, dated December 6, 2012, Supplemental Indenture No. 30, dated July 3, 2013, Supplemental Indenture No. 34, dated October 30, 2014 and Supplemental Indenture No. 38, dated November 21, 2014 (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 4.1.1 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 39, dated and effective as of May 23, 2016, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Compa ny, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on May 23, 2016, File No. 333 203560.) 
 4.1.2 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 40, dated and effective as of November 16, 2017, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1.2 to the Registrant s Form 10 K filed on March 9, 2018, File No. 333 203560.) 
 4.1.3 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 41, dated and effective as of April 25, 2018, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on April 25, 2018, File No. 333 203560.) 
 4.1.4 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 42, dated and effective as of December 11, 2018, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2019, File No. 333-212006.) 
 4.1.5 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 43, dated and effective as of June 24, 2020, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2020, File No. 333-212006.) 
 4.1.6 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 44, dated and effective as of April 25, 2022, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as (successor) trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2022, File No. 333-212006.) 
 4.2 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 30, 2014, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and Goldman, Sachs Co. (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 4.3 Form of Exchange Bond for 3.70 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E 1, due 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 4.4 Form of Exchange Bond for 4.70 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2014E 2, due 2044 (Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 
 103 

Table of C ontents 

 4.5 Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 23, 2016, between Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on May 23, 2016, File No. 333 203560.) 
 4.6 Form of Exchange Bond for 4.25 First Mortgage Bonds, Series 2016A, due 2046 (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-212006.) 
 4.7.1 Term Loan Agreement, dated December 6, 2012, between Tri State and CoBank, ACB 4.7.2 Secured Promissory Note, dated December 6, 2012, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to Loan No. 002660317, in the original amount of 100,000,000 4.8.1 Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, dated June 10, 2013, between Tri State and CoBank, ACB 4.8.2 Promissory Note, dated June 10, 2013, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to Loan No. 002713681, in the original amount of 71,000,000 4.9.1 Term Loan Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, between Tri State and CoBank, ACB 4.9.2 Promissory Note, dated November 4, 2014, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to term loan A 002847868, in the original amount of 68,345,000 4.9.3 Promissory Note, dated November 4, 2014, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to term loan B 002847716, in the original amount of 102,220,000 4.10.1 Term Loan Agreement, dated December 11, 2018, between Tri State and CoBank, ACB 4.10.2 Promissory Note, dated December 11, 2018, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to term loan A 003170483, in the original amount of 55,180,926 4.10.3 Promissory Note, dated December 11, 2018, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to term loan B 003170567, in the original amount of 69,819,074 4.11.1 Term Loan Agreement, dated June 24, 2020, between Tri State and CoBank, ACB 4.11.2 Promissory Note, dated June 24, 2020, from Tri State to CoBank, ACB, related to term loan No. 30080493, in the original amount of 125,000,000 4.12.1 Loan Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, between Tri State and National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 4.12.2 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated March 6, 2023, between Tri State and National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 4.12.3 Secured Promissory Note, dated October 31, 2014, from Tri State to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, related to Loan C 0047 9077, in the original amount of 102,220,000 
 4.13.1 Loan Agreement, dated October 31, 2014, between Tri State and National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 4.13.2 Secured Promissory Note, dated October 31, 2014, from Tri State to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, related to loan C 0047 9078, in the original amount of 68,300,000 
 4.14.1 Loan Agreement, dated June 24, 2020, between Tri State and National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 4.14.2 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated March 6, 2023, between Tri State and National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 4.14.3 Secured Promissory Note, dated June 24, 2020, from Tri State to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, related to loan C 0047 A-9080, in the original amount of 50,000,000 
 4.14.4 Secured Promissory Note, dated June 24, 2020, from Tri State to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, related to loan C 0047 A-9081, in the original amount of 50,000,000 
 4.15 Amended and Restated Bond, dated October 2, 2017, pursuant to the Trust Indenture, dated February 1, 2009, between Moffat County, Colorado and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as (successor) trustee, in the original amount of 46,800,000 related to Pollution Control Refunding Revenue Bonds, Series 2009B. 4.16.1 Notes, dated October 31, 2014, from Tri State to various purchasers, relating to Series 2014B Note Purchase Agreement 4.16.2 Notes, dated December 12, 2017, from Tri State to various purchasers, relating to 2017 Note Purchase Agreement 4.16.3 Notes, dated April 12, 2018, from Tri State to various purchasers, relating to 2017 Note Purchase Agreement 
 104 

Table of C ontents 

 4.17 Note, dated October 21, 2003, from Springerville Unit 3 Holding to Wilmington Trust Company, relating to Tri State 2003 Series B Pass Through Trust, in the original amount of 405,000,000, due in 2033 4.18.1 Tri State First Mortgage Bond, dated June 8, 2010, related to Series 2010A due in 2040, in the principal amount of 400,000,000 4.18.2 Tri State First Mortgage Bond, dated October 8, 2010, related to Series 2010A due in 2040, in the principal amount of 100,000,000 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Wholesale Power Contract for the Eastern Interconnection, dated as of September 27, 2017, between Tri State and Basin Electric Power Cooperative (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on September 28, 2017, File No. 333 212006.) 
 10.2 Wholesale Power Contract for the Western Interconnection, dated as of September 27, 2017, between Tri State and Basin Electric Power Cooperative (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on September 28, 2017, File No. 333 212006.) 
 10.3 Missouri Basin Power Project Laramie River Electric Generating Station and Transmission System Participation Agreement, executed on various dates during the months of September, November and December, 1975, taking effect as of May 25, 1977, amongst Basin Electric Power Cooperative, Tri State, City of Lincoln, Nebraska, Heartland Consumer Power District, Wyoming Municipal Power Agency, and Western Minnesota Municipal Power Agency, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 15, 1977, Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 16, 1977, Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 1, 1982, Amendment 4, dated as of September 1, 1982, Amendment No. 5, dated as of May 2, 1983, Amendment No. 6, dated as of March 1, 1986, Amendment No.7, dated as of September 15, 1986, Amendment No. 8, dated as of June 10, 1997, Amendment No. 9, dated as of April 16, 1999, and Amendment No. 10, dated as of July 31, 2014 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.3.1 Amendment No. 12 to Missouri Basin Power Project Laramie River Electric Generating Station and Transmission System Participation Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2018, amongst Basin Electric Power Cooperative, Tri State, City of Lincoln, Nebraska, Heartland Consumer Power District, Wyoming Municipal Power Agency, and Western Minnesota Municipal Power Agency (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on September 26, 2018, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.3.2 Amendment No. 13 to Missouri Basin Power Project Laramie River Electric Generating Station and Transmission System Participation Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2021, amongst Basin Electric Power Cooperative, Tri State, City of Lincoln, Nebraska, Wyoming Municipal Power Agency, and Western Minnesota Municipal Power Agency (Filed as Exhibit 10.3.2 to the Registrant s Form 10 Q filed on August 9, 2021, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.4 Wholesale Electric Service Contract, dated July 1, 2007, between Tri State and Big Horn Rural Electric Company, together with a schedule identifying 41 other substantially identical Wholesale Electric Service Contracts (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.5 Participation Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2003, among Tri State, as Construction Agent and as Lessee, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as (successor) Independent Manager, Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC, as Owner Lessor, Springerville Unit 3 OP LLC, as Owner Participant, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Series A Pass Through Trustee and Series B Pass Through Trustee and as Indenture Trustee (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.5.1 First Amendment to Participation Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2022, among Tri State, as Construction Agent and as Lessee, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as (successor) Independent Manager, Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC, as Owner Lessor, Springerville Unit 3 OP LLC, as Owner Participant, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee . 
 10.6.1 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 23, dated as of June 8, 2010, between U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as (successor) trustee, and Tri State in connection with Series 2010A Secured Obligations (Filed as Exhibit 10.6.1 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.6.2 Supplemental Master Mortgage Indenture No. 24, dated as of October 8, 2010, between U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as (successor) trustee, and Tri State in connection with reopening and amending of Series 2010A Secured Obligations (Filed as Exhibit 10.6.2 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.7 2014 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014, between Tri State and various purchasers of the notes identified therein (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 
 105 

Table of C ontents 

 10.8 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2022, amongst Tri State, as borrower, each lender from time to time party thereto, including National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, as administrative agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on April 25, 2022, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.9 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Tri State, as issuer, and the Dealer party thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8 K filed on May 13, 2016, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.9.1 Form of First Amendment to Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Tri-State, as issuer, and the Dealer party thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10 Q filed on August 9, 2021, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.10 Directors' Elective Deferred Fees Plan, effective January 1, 2005, executed December 11, 2008 (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 10.11 Executive Benefit Restoration Plan, dated December 12, 2014, as amended by Amendment effective July 30, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 5, 2021, File No. 333-212006.) 
 10.11.1 Executive Benefit Restoration Plan of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association. Inc. - Amendment No. 2, effective May 1, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Registrant s Form 10 Q filed on May 7, 2021, File No. 333 203560.) 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Pension Restoration Plan of Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., dated December 12, 2014 (Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Form S-4 Registration Statement, File No. 333-203560.) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, by Duane Highley (Principal Executive Officer). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, by Patrick L. Bridges (Principal Financial Officer). 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Duane Highley (Principal Executive Officer). 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Patrick L. Bridges (Principal Financial Officer). 
 95 Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data. 
 101 XBRL Interactive Data File. 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S K, this document(s) is not filed herewith. We hereby agree to furnish a copy to the SEC upon request. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan arrangement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 106 

Table of C ontents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TRI STATE GENERATION AND TRANSMISSION ASSOCIATION, INC. Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ DUANE HIGHLEY Name: Duane Highley Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ DUANE HIGHLEY Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) March 10, 2023 Duane Highley /s/ PATRICK L. BRIDGES Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) March 10, 2023 Patrick L. Bridges /s/ DENNIS J. HRUBY Vice President Controller (principal accounting officer) March 10, 2023 Dennis J. Hruby /s/ TIMOTHY A. RABON Chairman, President and Director March 10, 2023 Timothy A. Rabon /s/ DONALD KEAIRNS Director March 10, 2023 Donald Keairns /s/ JULIE KILTY Director March 10, 2023 Julie Kilty /s/ STUART MORGAN Director March 10, 2023 Stuart Morgan /s/ MATT M. BROWN Director March 10, 2023 Matt M. Brown /s/ SCOTT WOLFE Director March 10, 2023 Scott Wolfe /s/ ARTHUR W. CONNELL Director March 10, 2023 Arthur W. Connell /s/ THAINE MICHIE Director March 10, 2023 Thaine Michie /s/ DOUGLAS SHAWN TURNER Director March 10, 2023 Douglas Shawn Turner /s/ CHARLES ABEL II Director March 10, 2023 Charles Abel II /s/ LEROY ANAYA Director March 10, 2023 Leroy Anaya /s/ ROBERT BACA Director March 10, 2023 Robert Baca 
 107 

Table of C ontents 

 /s/ LUCAS BEAR Director March 10, 2023 Lucas Bear /s/ ROBERT BLEDSOE Director March 10, 2023 Robert Bledsoe /s/ LAWRENCE BRASE Director March 10, 2023 Lawrence Brase /s/ LEO BREKEL Director March 10, 2023 Leo Brekel /s/ WILLIAM BRIDGES Director March 10, 2023 William Bridges /s/ KEVIN COONEY Director March 10, 2023 Kevin Cooney /s/ MARK DAILY Director March 10, 2023 Mark Daily /s/ RAYMOND BRUCE DURAN Director March 10, 2023 Raymond Bruce Duran /s/ JERRY FETTERMAN Director March 10, 2023 Jerry Fetterman /s/ JOHN FINNERTY Director March 10, 2023 John Finnerty /s/ JOEL GILBERT Director March 10, 2023 Joel Gilbert /s/ RICK GORDON Director March 10, 2023 Rick Gordon /s/ RANDOLPH GRAFF Director March 10, 2023 Randolph Graff /s/ RONALD HILKEY Director March 10, 2023 Ronald Hilkey /s/ RALPH HILYARD Director March 10, 2023 Ralph Hilyard /s/ JOE HOSKINS Director March 10, 2023 Joe Hoskins Director Hal Keeler Director Brian McCormick /s/ KOHLER MCINNIS Director March 10, 2023 Kohler McInnis /s/ STANLEY PROPP Director March 10, 2023 Stanley Propp /s/ STEVE M. RENDON Director March 10, 2023 Steve M. Rendon 
 108 

Table of C ontents 

 /s/ PEGGY A. RUBLE Director March 10, 2023 Peggy A. Ruble /s/ ROGER SCHENK Director March 10, 2023 Roger Schenk Director Gary Shaw /s/ DARRYL SULLIVAN Director March 10, 2023 Darryl Sullivan /s/ KEVIN THOMAS Director March 10, 2023 Kevin Thomas /s/ CLAY THOMPSON Director March 10, 2023 Clay Thompson /s/ CARL TRICK II Director March 10, 2023 Carl Trick II /s/ WILLIAM WILSON Director March 10, 2023 William Wilson /s/ PHILLIP ZOCHOL Director March 10, 2023 Phillip Zochol 
 
 109 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 tris-20221231xex1051_amend.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.5.1 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT , (the Amendment is made and effective as of the 1 st day of July, 2022, between TRI-STATE GENERATION AND TRANSMISSION ASSOCIATION, INC. (the Company ), WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, (in its capacity as Independent Manager, the Owner Manager , and in its individual capacity but only as expressly provided therein, the Trust Company ), SPRINGERVILLE UNIT 3 HOLDING LLC (the Owner Lessor ), SPRINGERVILLE UNIT 3 OP LLC (the Owner Participant ), and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY (in its capacity as the Indenture Trustee as described therein, the Indenture Trustee ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , the Company, Owner Manager, Trust Company, Owner Lessor, Owner Participant, and Indenture Trustee are parties to that certain Participation Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2003 (as amended, the Original Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company shall maintain or shall cause the Operator to maintain, insurance of the kinds and for the period indicated in Schedule 7.29 of the Participation Agreement. 
 WHEREAS , the Company has requested, and the Owner Manager, Trust Company, Owner Lessor, Owner Participant, and Indenture Trustee have agreed that Schedule 7.29 in the Original Agreement be modified to remove reference of deductible limits and to amend the definition of replacement cost to functional replacement cost. 
 WHEREAS , the Company, Owner Manager, Trust Company, Owner Lessor, Owner Participant, and Indenture Trustee have agreed to amend the Original Agreement to reflect such modification. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for and in consideration of the foregoing, and in further consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree and bind themselves as follows 
 Section 1. Recitals. The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Section 2. Definitions. Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have meanings assigned to them as set forth in the Original Agreement. 
 Section 3. Amendment. Schedule 7.29 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and is hereby amended with the attached Schedule 7.29. As required by Section 7.17 of the Original Agreement, the Company has delivered to the Owner Manager, Trust Company, Owner Lessor, Owner Participant, and Indenture Trustee, a certificate to the effect that such amendment could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 4. Miscellaneous. 
 4.1 Modifications. No modification or waiver of any provision of this Amendment, and no consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing by the parties granting such modification, waiver or consent. 

4.2 Merger and Integration. This Amendment, the Original Agreement and the matters incorporated by reference contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 4.3 Incorporation Inconsistency with Original Agreement. Except as otherwise amended or modified herein, the terms, conditions and provisions of the Original Agreement are incorporated herein by reference as if set forth in full herein and remain in full force and effect. In the event any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall control. Nothing in this Amendment shall, however, eliminate or modify any special condition, special affirmative covenant, or special negative covenant, if any, specified in the Original Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

TRI-STATE GENERATION AND TRANSMISSION ASSOCIATION, INC., as Company 

By s Kenneth V. Reif for 
 Name Duane Highley 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., in its capacity as Trust Company and its capacity as Independent Manager under the LLC Agreement 

By s Sandra Battaglia 
 Name Sandra Battaglia 
 Title Vice President 

SPRINGERVILLE UNIT 3 HOLDING LLC, as Owner Lessor 
 By WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Independent Manager under the LLC Agreement 

By s Sandra Battaglia 
 Name Sandra Battaglia 
 Title Vice President 

SPRINGERVILLE UNIT 3 OP LLC, as Owner Participant 
 By WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Independent Manager under the OP LLC Agreement 

By s Sandra Battaglia 
 Name Sandra Battaglia 
 Title Vice President 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture 

By s Kevin McGarvey 
 Name Kevin McGarvey 
 Title Assistance Vice President 

Schedule 7.29 
 To Participation Agreement 
 
 Insurance Requirements 
 Effective July 1, 2022 
 
 The Company shall maintain, or shall cause the Operator, as the case may be, to maintain, insurance of the kinds and for the periods indicated below 
 1. Section no longer applies 
 2. Insurance by the Company . The Company shall procure (or cause to be procured) at its own expense and maintain in full force and effect all insurance policies as required hereafter, with not less than the limits and coverage provisions set forth below, with companies that are nationally recognized and rated in the most recent edition of Best s Key Rating Guide with a rating of A VIII or an equivalent rating from a nationally recognized rating agency or as otherwise agreed by the Owner Lessor. 
 Policies required below shall be maintained in full force and effect throughout the term of the Participation Agreement except as otherwise specified below in respect of policies required by Sections 2(g), (h) and (i). 
 Operating Period 
 (a) Workers Compensation Insurance . Workers compensation insurance or self-insurance as required by applicable state laws and such other forms of insurance which the Company, providing statutory benefits and covering loss resulting from injury, sickness, disability or death of the local employees of Company, who are working on the Facility. 
 (b) Employer s Liability Insurance . Employer s liability insurance with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per accident. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice shall be permitted. 
 (c) General Liability Insurance . General liability insurance written on occurrence policy form or, solely with respect to AEGIS or EIM, on a claims first made policy form against claims for personal injury (including bodily injury and death) and property damage. Such insurance shall provide coverage for premises operations, products-completed operations, blanket contractual liability, explosion, collapse and underground coverage, broad form property damage, independent contractor's and personal injury insurance, and sudden and accidental pollution legal liability with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence and in the annual aggregate for combined bodily injury and property damage. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice shall be permitted. 
 (d) Automobile Liability Insurance . Automobile liability insurance against claims for personal injury (including bodily injury and death) and property damage covering all owned, non-owned and hired motor vehicles, with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence for combined bodily injury and property damage and containing appropriate no-fault insurance provisions wherever applicable. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice shall be permitted. 

(e) Excess Liability . Excess liability insurance of not less than 50,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate in respect of products and completed operations liability. Such coverages shall be on a per occurrence basis or, solely with respect to AEGIS or EIM, on a claims first made basis and inclusive of coverage provided by the policies described in paragraphs 2(c), 2(d) and, with respect to employer's liability, paragraph 2(b) above, the limits on which shall apply toward the limit set forth in this section. If the policy or policies provided under this paragraph (e) contain(s) aggregate limits applying to more than one location or to other operations of the Company or Construction Agent or any of their Affiliates in addition to the Facility, and such limits are diminished below 25,000,000 by any incident, occurrence, claim, settlement or judgment against such insurance (such that the limits applying under such policy or policies to the Facility are diminished below 25,000,000), the Company shall, within five (5) Business Days after obtaining knowledge of such event, inform the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Lessor, and within thirty (30) Business Days after shall purchase an additional excess liability insurance policy satisfying the requirements of this paragraph (e). 
 The amounts of insurance required in the foregoing paragraphs 2(b), (c), (d) and this paragraph 2(e) may be satisfied by Company purchasing coverage in the amounts specified or by any combination of primary and excess insurance, so long as the total amount of insurance meets the requirements specified above. 
 (f) Aircraft Liability Insurance . Company shall insure all owned, hired or non-owned aircraft or helicopters in an amount not less than 50,000,000. Such cover can be included in paragraph 2(e) above. 
 Construction Period Only. Section no longer applies 
 Operations Period Only . Coverages required by Section 2(i) below shall be maintained in full force and effect at all times on and after the date care, custody and control of the Facility passes to the Owner Lessor under the EPC Contract. 
 (i) Physical Damage Insurance . Property damage insurance on an all risk basis, boiler and machinery insurance covering the Facility including coverage against damage or loss caused by earth movement (including but not limited to earthquake, and volcanic eruption) and flood and providing coverage for (1) the Facility in an amount equal to the then current functional replacement cost of the Facility as determined by an independent power plant appraisal service, subject to the approval of the Owner Lessor and the Indenture Trustee, and (2) Inland and Marine transit, if applicable, with sub-limits sufficient to insure the full replacement value of the property or equipment prior to its being removed from the Facility and while located away from the Facility prior to the movement of any equipment from the Facility. For purposes of this Section 2(i), functional replacement cost shall mean the full replacement value of the property, which should include an evaluation of economic life and cost benefit analysis and consider replacement of damaged property with replacement property that will perform the same function as the original property, including any reasonable betterment inherent in the design of such property, at the same or another site subject to certain restrictions. All such insurance shall have deductibles consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice. Such insurance shall (1) not include any coinsurance provision, (2) provide for increased cost of construction and loss to undamaged property as the result of enforcement of building laws or ordinances, and (3) include debris removal. The 

property damage coverage shall not contain an exclusion for freezing, mechanical breakdown, loss or damage covered under any guarantee or warranty, or resultant damage caused by faulty workmanship, design or materials. 
 
 If the insurance company providing the physical damage insurance is different from the company providing the boiler and machinery insurance required in this paragraph, then a joint loss agreement between them will be required and included as part of the respective policies. 
 (j) Business Interruption . As an extension of the property insurance described in paragraph 2(i) or as a separate policy, in the event the Company s credit rating at any time shall be less than BBB- by S&P, Baa3 by Moody s or BBB- by Fitch, the Company shall maintain business interruption insurance in an amount equal to eighteen (18) months of continuing expenses (including, without limitation, lease payments), and debt service of the Facility during the interruption of business due to physical loss or damage coverage under paragraph 2(i). This insurance shall include coverage for contingent business interruption arising from loss or damage to property and equipment of all suppliers and customers of the Facility including the Common Facilities, Fuel Handling Facilities and fuel suppliers and energy purchasers. Such insurance shall also cover service interruption and extra expense each in an amount not less than 5,000,000. Such coverage shall contain an agreed amount endorsement waiving any coinsurance penalty. Deductibles shall not exceed sixty (60) days. 
 General Requirements for Operations 
 (k) Endorsements . All policies of insurance to be maintained by the Company shall provide for waivers of subrogation in favor of the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties and their respective officers and employees (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents). All policies of liability insurance required to be maintained by the Company under this Section 2, other than employer s liability, shall be endorsed as follows, or contain equivalent wording 
 (ii) to provide a severability of interest and cross liability clause 
 (iii) that the insurance shall be primary and not excess to or contributing with any insurance or self-insurance maintained by the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee or the other Secured Parties and 
 (iv) to name the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee, Secured Parties and their respective officers and employees (and such other persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) as additional insureds. 
 (l) Waiver of Subrogation . The Company hereby waives any and every claim for recovery from the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties for any and all loss or damage covered by any of the insurance policies to be maintained under the Operative Documents to the extent that such loss or damage is recovered under any such policy. Inasmuch as the foregoing waiver will preclude the assignment of any such claim to the extent of such recovery, by subrogation (or otherwise), to an insurance company (or other 

person), the Company shall give written notice of the terms of such waiver to each insurance company which has issued, or which may issue in the future, any such policy of insurance (if such notice is required by the insurance policy) and shall cause each such insurance policy to be properly endorsed by the issuer thereof to, or to otherwise contain one or more provisions that, prevent the invalidation of the insurance coverage provided thereby by reason of such waiver. 
 (m) Subcontractors . All major contractors and subcontractors shall, prior to performing work for the Facility valued in excess of 5,000,000, supply proper evidence of the following insurance workers compensation, employer s liability, general liability and automobile liability insurance. In addition, evidence of excess or umbrella liability limits or other coverages in amounts deemed consistent with prudent industry practice shall be provided to the Company. Such insurance supplied by the parties shall, with the exception of workers compensation 
 
 (i) add Company, Owner Lessor, Indenture Trustee and Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) as additional insured 
 (ii) be primary as respects insurance provided by Company, Owner Lessor, Indenture Trustee and Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) 
 (iii) waive rights of subrogation against Company, Owner Lessor, Indenture Trustee and Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) and 
 (iv) continue in force until obligations of contractor and subcontractor are fulfilled. 
 3. Insurance by the Operator . The Company shall cause the Operator to procure, at its own expense, and to maintain in full force and effect at all times that the Facility is being operated (and, in any event, no later than the date on which the Operator has employees at the Facility), insurance policies with responsible insurance companies rated in the most recent edition of Best s Key Rating Guide with a rating of A or better and a financial size category of VIII or higher (and other companies acceptable to the Owner Lessor and the Indenture Trustee), with limits and coverage provisions sufficient to satisfy the limits and coverage provisions set forth below. 
 (a) General Liability Insurance . General liability insurance written on occurrence policy forms or, solely with respect to AEGIS or EIM, on claims first made policy form, against claims for personal injury (including bodily injury and death) and property damage. Such insurance shall provide coverage for premises operations, products-completed operations, blanket contractual liability, explosion, collapse and underground coverage, broad form property damage, independent contractor s and personal injury insurance, and sudden and accidental pollution legal liability with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence and in the annual aggregate for combined bodily injury and property damage. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice. 

(b) Automobile Liability Insurance . Automobile liability insurance against claims for personal injury (including bodily injury and death) and property damage covering all owned, non-owned and hired motor vehicles with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence for combined bodily injury and property damage and containing appropriate no-fault insurance provisions where applicable. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice. 
 (c) Workers Compensation Insurance . Workers compensation insurance or self-insurance as required by applicable state laws. 
 (d) Employer s Liability Insurance . Employer s liability insurance for all employees of the Operator with a 1,000,000 minimum limit per accident. Deductibles shall be consistent with those as determined by an insurance expert using prudent industry practice 
 (e) Excess Liability Insurance . Excess liability insurance written on occurrence policy forms or, solely with respect to AEGIS or EIM, on claims first made policy form covering claims in excess of the underlying insurance described in the foregoing Sections 3(a), (b) and (d), with a 50,000,000 minimum limit per occurrence. 
 The amounts of insurance required in the foregoing Sections 3(a), (b), (d) and this Section 3(e) may be satisfied by Operator purchasing coverage in the amounts specified or by any combination of primary and excess insurance, so long as the total amount of insurance meets the requirements specified above. 
 (f) Endorsements . All policies of liability insurance to be maintained by the Operator shall provide for waivers of subrogation in favor of the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee, the Secured Parties and their respective officers and employees (and such other persons as may be required by the Operative Documents). These policies shall also be endorsed as follows 
 (i) to provide a severability of interests and cross liability clause 
 (ii) that the insurance shall be primary and not excess to or contributing with any insurance or self-insurance maintained by the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Indenture Trustee or the Secured Parties and 
 (iii) to name the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties and their respective officers (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) as additional insureds. 
 (g) Subcontractors . All major contractors and subcontractors shall, prior to performing work for the Facility valued in excess of 5,000,000, supply proper evidence of the following insurance workers compensation, employer s liability, general liability and automobile liability insurance. In addition, evidence of excess or umbrella liability limits or other coverages in amounts deemed consistent with prudent industry practice shall be provided to the Lessee. Such insurance supplied by the parties shall, with the exception of workers compensation 

(i) add the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) as additional insured 
 (ii) be primary as respects insurance provided by the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) 
 (iii) waive rights of subrogation against the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) and 
 (iv) continue in force until obligations of contractor and subcontractor are fulfilled. 
 4. General Conditions applying to all Insurance required under this Schedule 7.29 
 (a) Amendment by the Owner Lessor and Owner Participant . The Owner Lessor and the Owner Participant may at any time amend the requirements and approved insurance companies (i.e., insurance companies which did not meet the ratings requirements of this Schedule but were acceptable to the Owner Lessor) of this Schedule due to (i) new information not known by the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or the Secured Parties on the Construction Closing Date or (ii) changed circumstances after the Construction Closing Date which in the reasonable judgment of the Owner Lessor and the Owner Participant (which opinion shall be confirmed by the Insurance Consultant) either renders such coverage materially inadequate or materially reduces the financial ability of the approved insurance companies to pay claims. 
 (b) Amendment Due to Commercial Unfeasibility . 
 (i) If any insurance required to be maintained by Company pursuant to this Schedule (including the limits or deductibles or any other terms under policies for such insurance) ceases to be available on a commercially reasonable basis at the time of renewal, the Company shall provide written notice to the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee, accompanied by a letter from the Company s insurance broker stating that such insurance is unavailable on a commercially reasonable basis. Such notice shall be given not less than thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled date for renewal of any such policy. Upon receipt of such notice by the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and the Company shall immediately enter into in good faith negotiations in order to obtain an alternative to such insurance. 
 (ii) In the event that the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and the Company cannot reach a resolution acceptable to such 

parties within five (5) days, the Owner Lessor shall make arrangements for the formation of an insurance panel consisting of the Company s insurance advisor (or broker), the Owner Lessor s insurance advisor (or broker) and an independent insurance expert from an internationally recognized insurance brokerage firm, chosen by the Owner Lessor and reasonably acceptable to the Company. Such independent expert shall conduct a separate review of the relevant insurance requirements of this Schedule, and the market for such insurance at the time, giving due consideration to the representations of both insurance advisors, and upon conclusion of such review shall issue a written report stating whether such insurance is available or unavailable on a commercially reasonable basis. 
 (iii) If the insurance expert concludes that such insurance is not available on a commercially reasonable basis, the insurance expert shall provide a written recommendation not less than fifteen (15) days before the date for renewal of such insurance which shall be conclusive and binding on each of the Company, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee. The Owner Lessor and the Owner Participant shall issue a waiver to the Company for a period of one (1) year upon the insurance expert certifying that the relevant insurance is not available on a commercially reasonable basis and the Company having implemented the recommendation of the insurance expert. 
 (iv) All fees, costs and expenses associated with the insurance panel (including the review by the insurance expert) shall be for the sole account of the Company. 
 (c) Application of Proceeds . All payments received by any Participant or the Company under any insurance policies obtained by the Company pursuant to Section 7.29 of the Participation Agreement and Sections 2(g), (h), (i) and (j) of this Schedule shall promptly be paid to the Indenture Trustee and deposited in a segregated account established by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 4.2(c) of the Indenture for application in accordance with the provisions thereof and the other Operative Documents. 
 
 (d) Conditions . 
 (i) The Company shall promptly notify the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee of any loss in excess of 5,000,000 covered by any insurance maintained pursuant to Sections 2(g), (h), (i) and (j). 
 (ii) All policies of insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Sections 2(g), (h), (i) and (j), shall provide that the proceeds of such policies shall be payable solely to the Indenture Trustee, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents shall not have been terminated or discharged, and thereafter, to the Owner Lessor pursuant to a standard 

first mortgage endorsement substantially equivalent to the Lenders Loss Payable Endorsement 438BFU or New York Standard Mortgage Endorsement without contribution. All policies (other than in respect to liability or workers compensation insurance) shall insure the interests of the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and the Secured Parties (and such other Persons as may be required by the Operative Documents) regardless of any breach or violation by the Company of warranties, declarations or conditions contained in such policies, any action or inaction of the Company or others, or any foreclosure relating to the Facility or any change in ownership of all or any portion of the Facility (the foregoing may be accomplished by the use of the Lender Loss Payable Endorsement required above). 
 (iii) Subject to Section 14.2(b) of the Participation Agreement (in the case of insurance carried under Sections 2(g) and (h)), a loss under any insurance required to be carried under Sections 2(g), (h), (i) and (j), shall be adjusted with the insurance companies, including the filing in a timely manner of appropriate proceedings, by the Company, subject to the approval of the Owner Lessor, if such loss is in excess of 5,000,000. In addition the Company may in its reasonable judgment consent to the settlement of any loss, provided that in the event that the amount of the loss exceeds 10,000,000 the terms of such settlement is concurred with by the Owner Lessor. 
 (iv) All policies of insurance required to be maintained pursuant to this Schedule shall be endorsed so that if at any time should they be canceled, or coverage be reduced which affects the interests of the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Secured Parties, such cancellation or reduction shall not be effective as to the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Secured Parties for 30 days (except for non-payment of premium which shall be for 10 days) after receipt by the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Secured Parties of written notice of such insurer of such cancellation or reduction. 
 (v) All policies of insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Sections 2(g), (h), (i) and (j) shall not include any annual or term aggregate limits of liability or clause requiring the payment of additional premium to reinstate the limits after loss except as regards the insurance applicable to the perils of flood and earth movement. 
 (e) Evidence of Insurance . On the Construction Closing Date and on an annual basis at each policy anniversary, the Company shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee and the Pass Through Trustees, approved certification of all required insurance. Such certification shall be executed by each insurer or by an authorized representative of each insurer where it is not practical for such insurer to execute the certificate itself. Such certification shall identify underwriters, the type of insurance, the insurance limits and the policy term and shall specifically list the special provisions enumerated for such insurance required by this 

Schedule. Upon request, the Company will promptly furnish the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee and the Pass Through Trustees with copies of all insurance policies, binders and cover notes or other evidence of such insurance relating to the insurance required to be maintained or caused to be maintained by the Company. 
 (f) Report . On the Construction Closing Date and annually thereafter, the Company shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee and the Pass Through Trustees, a report of an independent insurance broker, signed by an officer of the broker, stating that all premiums then due have been paid and that, in the opinion of such broker, the insurance then carried or to be renewed is in accordance with the terms of this Schedule. In addition the broker will advise the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant and, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee and the Pass Through Trustees in writing promptly of any default in the payment of any premium and of any other act or omission on the part of the Company which may invalidate or render unenforceable, in whole or in part, any insurance being maintained by the Company pursuant to this Schedule. 
 (g) Failure to Maintain Insurance . In the event the Company fails, or fails to cause the EPC Contractor or the Operator, to take out or maintain the full insurance coverage required by this Schedule, the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or, so long as the Lien of the Security Documents has not been terminated or discharged, the Indenture Trustee, upon 30 days prior notice (unless the aforementioned insurance would lapse within such period, in which event notice should be given as soon as reasonably possible) to the Company of any such failure, may (but shall not be obligated to) take out the required policies of insurance and pay the premiums on the same. All amounts so advanced thereof by the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or the Indenture Trustee shall become an additional obligation of the Company to the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, and the Company shall forthwith pay such amounts to the Indenture Trustee together with interest thereon at the Overdue Rate from the date so advanced. 
 (h) No Duty of Owner Lessor, Owner Participant or Indenture Trustee . No provision of this Schedule or any provision of the Participation Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall impose on the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or the Secured Parties any duty or obligation to verify the existence or adequacy of the insurance coverage maintained by the Company, nor shall the Owner Lessor, the Owner Participant or the Secured Parties be responsible for any representations or warranties made by or on behalf of the Company to any insurance company or underwriter. Any failure on the part of any of the foregoing to pursue or obtain the evidence of insurance required by this Schedule from the Company and or failure by any of the foregoing to point out any non-compliance of such evidence of insurance shall not constitute a waiver of any of the requirements of this Schedule. 
 (i) Maintenance of Insurance . The Company shall at all times maintain or cause to be maintained the insurance coverage required under the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

(j) Claims Made Policies for Certain Types of Insurance . If any liability insurance required under the provisions of this Schedule is allowed to be written on a claims first made basis, then such insurance shall include the following 
 (i) The retroactive date (as such term is specified in each of such policies) shall be no later the Construction Closing Date and 
 (ii) Each time any policy written on a claims first made basis is not renewed or the retroactive date of such policy is to be changed, the Company shall obtain or cause to be obtained retroactive coverage for each such policy or policies the broadest extended reporting period coverage, or tail coverage, which shall be acceptable to the Owner Lessor. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 tris-20221231x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Tri State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Elk Ridge Mining and Reclamation, LLC Colorado Axial Basin Coal Company Delaware Taylor Creek Holding Company Delaware Colowyo Coal Company L.P. Delaware Springerville Unit 3 Partnership LP Delaware Springerville Unit 3 OP LLC Delaware Springerville Unit 3 Holding LLC Delaware 
 
 This information is as of December 31, 2022. In addition, this list omits certain subsidiaries pursuant to paragraph (b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, Item 601. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tris-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification, by Duane Highley 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Duane Highley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Duane Highley Duane Highley Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tris-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification, by Patrick L. Bridges 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 I, Patrick L. Bridges, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Patrick L. Bridges Patrick L. Bridges Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 tris-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 K of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Duane Highley, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Duane Highley Duane Highley Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 tris-20221231x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick L. Bridges, the Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Patrick L. Bridges Patrick L. Bridges Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 8
 tris-20221231x10kex95.htm
 EX-95

Document 

EXHIBIT 95 
 Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
 Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act requires issuers that are operators, or that have subsidiaries that is an operator, of a coal or other mine to include in periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission certain information relating to citations and orders for violations of standards under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. The following tables disclose information required under the Dodd-Frank Act during the year ended December 31, 2022. The mine data retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided herein. Any such difference may be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system and or other factors. 

Section Total Dollar 104(d) Value of Total Number Mine Name Section Citations Section Section MSHA of Mining MSHA Section 104 104(b) and 110(b)(2) 107(a) Assessments Related Identification S&S Citations Orders Orders Violations Orders Proposed Fatalities Number (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (in Thousands, (#) Colowyo Mine 0502962 0 0 0 0 0 0.6 0 
 
 Received Notice of Received Potential to Notice of Have Pattern Legal Actions Pattern of Violations of Violations Pending Legal Actions Legal Actions Mine Name Under Under as of the Initiated Resolved MSHA Section Section Last Day During the During the Identification 104(e) 104(e) of Period Period Period Number (yes no) (yes no) (#) (#) (#) Colowyo Mine 0502962 No No 1 1 0 

1 

The number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of December 31, 2022 that fall into each of the following categories is as follows 
 Appeals of Complaints for judges' Contests of Contests of discharge, decisions or Citations Proposed Complaints for discrimination, Applications for orders to Orders Penalties compensation or interference temporary relief FMSHRC Mine Name referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in referenced in MSHA Subpart B, Subpart C, Subpart D, Subpart E, Subpart F Subpart H Identification 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR 29CFR Number Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Part 2700 Colowyo Mine 0502962 0 0 0 1 0 0 

2 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tris-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tris-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tris-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tris-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tris-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

