<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_893847_0000893847-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18620173</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335590</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2316610</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8558848</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3667185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3347427</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000893847-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329171134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000893847-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000893847
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				431626350
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23636
		FILM NUMBER:		23776129

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 EAST HIGH STREET
		CITY:			JEFFERSON CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(573)761-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P. O. BOX 688
		CITY:			JEFFERSON CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXCHANGE NATIONAL BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940323

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000893847-23-000005.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 hwbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

hwbk-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________________ to _________________. 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the 5,207,271 shares of voting and non-voting common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the 25.49 closing price of such common equity on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . Aggregate market value excludes an aggregate of 1,561,310 shares of common stock held by officers and directors and by each person known by the registrant to own 5 or more of the outstanding common stock on such date. Exclusion of shares held by any of these persons should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. As of March 29, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, issued and shares outstanding. 

PART I 
 
 Item 1 . Business . 
 This report and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements, which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. See "Forward Looking Statements" under Item 7 of this report. 
 General 
 Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company"), is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "Bank Holding Company Act"). The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Missouri on October 23, 1992 as Exchange National Bancshares, Inc. and changed its name to Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. in August 2007. The Company owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Union State Bancshares, Inc. ("Union"), which in turn owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Hawthorn Bank. The Company and Union each received approval from the Federal Reserve and elected to become a financial holding company on October 21, 2001. 
 The Company acquired Hawthorn Bank and its constituent predecessor banks, as well as Union, in a series of transactions that are summarized as follows: 
 On April 7, 1993 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of The Exchange National Bank of Jefferson City, a national banking association, pursuant to a corporate reorganization involving an exchange of shares; 
 On November 3, 1997, the Company acquired Union, and Union's wholly-owned subsidiary, Union State Bank and Trust of Clinton; 
 On January 3, 2000, the Company acquired Osage Valley Bank; 
 Following the May 4, 2000 acquisition of Citizens State Bank of Calhoun by Union State Bank and Trust of Clinton, Citizens State Bank of Calhoun merged into Union State Bank and Trust of Clinton to form Citizens Union State Bank Trust; 
 On June 16, 2000, the Company acquired City National Savings Bank, FSB, which was then merged into The Exchange National Bank of Jefferson City; and 
 On May 2, 2005, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Bank 10, a Missouri state bank. 
 On December 1, 2006, the Company announced its development of a strategic plan in which, among other things, The Exchange National Bank of Jefferson City, Citizens Union State Bank Trust, Osage Valley Bank and Bank 10 would be consolidated into a single bank under a Missouri state trust charter. This consolidation was completed in October 2007, and the subsidiary bank is now known as Hawthorn Bank (the "Bank"). 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, references herein to the "Company" refer to Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references herein to the "Bank" refers to Hawthorn Bank and its constituent predecessors. 
 Description of Business 
 The Company. The Company is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act that has elected to become a financial holding company. The Company's activities currently are limited to ownership, indirectly through its subsidiary (Union), of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank. In addition to ownership of its subsidiaries, the Company may seek expansion through acquisition and may engage in those activities (such as investments in banks or operations that are financial in nature) in which it is permitted to engage under applicable law. It is not currently anticipated that the Company will engage in any business other than that directly related to its ownership of the Bank or other financial institutions. 
 Union. Union is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act that has elected to become a financial holding company. Union's activities are currently limited to ownership of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank. It is not currently anticipated that Union will engage in any business other than that directly related to its ownership of the Bank. 
 2 

The Bank . The Bank was founded in 1932 as a Missouri bank and converted to a Missouri trust company on August 16, 1989. However, its predecessors trace their lineage back to the founding of Exchange National Bank in 1865. The Bank has 23 banking offices, including its principal office at 132 East High Street in the central business district of Jefferson City, MO. See "Item 2. Properties". 
 The Bank is a full service bank conducting a general banking and trust business, offering its customers checking and savings accounts, internet banking, debit cards, certificates of deposit, trust services, brokerage services, safety deposit boxes and a wide range of lending services, including commercial and industrial loans, single payment personal loans, installment loans and commercial and residential real estate loans. 
 The Bank's deposit accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") to the extent provided by law. The Bank's operations are supervised and regulated by the FDIC and the Missouri Division of Finance. Periodic examinations of the Bank are conducted by representatives of the FDIC and the Missouri Division of Finance. Such regulations, supervision and examinations are principally for the benefit of depositors, rather than for the benefit of the holders of the Bank's common stock. See "Regulation Applicable to Bank Holding Companies" and "Regulation Applicable to the Bank". 
 Hawthorn Real Estate, LLC . Hawthorn Real Estate, LLC, a non-bank subsidiary of the Company, was formed in December 2008 in order to purchase and hold various nonperforming assets of the Bank. The purpose for holding these nonperforming assets in Hawthorn Real Estate, LLC is to allow for the orderly disposition of these assets and strengthen the Bank's financial position. 
 HB Realty, LLC. HB Realty, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company ("HB Realty"), was formed in February 2018 and commenced operations in April 2018. HB Realty is intended to qualify as a "real estate investment trust" under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "IRC"). HB Realty was formed in order to hold certain mortgage loans and participation interests contributed to it by the Bank. HB Realty was initially capitalized with mortgage loans and participation interests having an approximate aggregate book value of 404,665,296. As of December 31, 2022, the approximate aggregate book value of the mortgage loans held by HB Realty was 582,882,696. Effective September 30, 2022, to comply with collateral eligibility requirements of the Federal Home Loan Bank with whom the Bank maintains credit facilities, any participation interest in mortgage loans owned by HB Realty as of that date were converted into mortgage loans owned by HB Realty and, after that date, HB Realty will only acquire mortgage loans from the Bank, not participation interests. 
 Initially, the Bank was the sole common member and the sole preferred member of HB Realty, owning all 1,000 common shares and all 1,000 preferred shares. On April 1, 2018, the Bank contributed all 1,000 common shares and 850 preferred shares to Jefferson City IHC, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company that is wholly owned by the Bank ("JCIHC"). Under the IRC, a real estate investment trust must have at least 100 owners. Pursuant to a newly established Hawthorn Bank Real Estate Investment Trust Ownership Plan, the Bank made available to certain of its employees, as an employee benefit, up to a total of 150 preferred shares of HB Realty. Each selected employee was given the opportunity to own one preferred share of HB Realty. These preferred shares were transferred to employees beginning in January 2019. Each preferred share is generally entitled to an annual dividend of 30 and a liquidation amount of 500. Although dividends are not guaranteed, it is expected that HB Realty will pay dividends in December of each year. By virtue of its ownership of JCIHC, the Bank indirectly owns the remaining economic interest associated with membership interests in HB Realty. 
 Through its ownership of JCIHC, the Bank is, indirectly, the controlling member of HB Realty and is entitled to control the appointment of managers of HB Realty. The Board of Managers of HB Realty, which is responsible for the management of the business and affairs of HB Realty, is currently comprised of David T. Turner, Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke, Gregg A. Bexten and Stephen E. Guthrie. 
 Hawthorn Risk Management, Inc. Hawthorn Risk Management, Inc., a non-bank subsidiary of the Company formed on December 28, 2017, is a Missouri-based captive insurance company which provides property and casualty insurance coverage to the Company and the Bank for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. Hawthorn Risk Management, Inc. pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. Hawthorn Risk Management, Inc. is subject to the regulations of the State of Missouri and undergoes periodic examinations by the Missouri Division of Finance . 
 3 

Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 299 full-time and 21 part-time employees. None of its employees is presently represented by any union or collective bargaining group, and the Company considers its employee relations to be satisfactory. 
 Competition 
 Bank holding companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates encounter intense competition from both banking and nonbanking sources in all of their activities. The Bank's competitors include other commercial banks, thrifts, savings banks, credit unions, and money market mutual funds. Thrifts and credit unions now have the authority to offer checking accounts and to make corporate and agricultural loans and were granted expanded investment authority by recent federal regulations. In addition, large national and multinational corporations have in recent years become increasingly visible in offering a broad range of financial services to all types of commercial and consumer customers. In the Bank's service areas, new competitors, as well as the expanding operations of existing competitors, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on the Bank's market share of deposits and loans in such service areas. 
 The Bank experiences substantial competition for deposits and loans within both its primary service areas of the cities of Jefferson City, Columbia, Clinton, Lee's Summit, Warsaw, and Springfield, Missouri, as well as within its secondary service areas of the nearby communities in the Missouri counties of Cole, Boone, Henry, Cass, Benton, and Greene. The Bank's principal competition for deposits and loans comes from other banks within its primary service areas and, to an increasing extent, other banks located in its secondary service areas. Based on publicly available information, management believes that the Bank is the second largest (in terms of deposits) of the 11 banks within Cole county, the ninth largest (in terms of deposits) of the 20 banks within Boone county, the largest (in terms of deposits) of the eight banks within Henry county, the third largest (in terms of deposits) of the 18 banks within Cass county, and the second largest (in terms of deposits) of the five banks within Benton county. The main competition for Hawthorn Bank's trust services is from other commercial banks, including those of the Kansas City metropolitan area. 
 Regulation Applicable to Bank Holding Companies 
 General. As a registered bank holding company and a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Company is subject to supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "FRB"). The FRB has authority to issue cease and desist orders against bank holding companies if it determines that their actions represent unsafe and unsound practices or violations of law. In addition, the FRB is empowered to impose civil money penalties for violations of banking statutes and regulations. Regulation by the FRB is intended to protect depositors of the Bank, not the shareholders of the Company. The Company is also subject to a number of restrictions and requirements imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, loans to directors or executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, the preparation and certification of the Company's consolidated financial statements, the duties of the Company's audit committee, relations with and functions performed by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, and various accounting and corporate governance matters. 
 Limitation on Activities. The activities of bank holding companies are generally limited to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks, and other activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In addition, under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a bank holding company, all of whose controlled depository institutions are "well capitalized" and "well managed" (as defined in federal banking regulations) with "satisfactory" ratings under the Community Reinvestment Act, may declare itself to be a "financial holding company" and engage in a broader range of activities. As noted above, the Company is registered as a financial holding company. 
 A financial holding company may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. "Financial in nature" activities include: 
 securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 
 sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 
 insurance underwriting and insurance agency activities; 
 4 

merchant banking; and 
 activities that the FRB determines to be financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity or which are complementary to a financial activity and does not pose a safety and soundness risk. 
 A financial holding company that desires to engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity but not previously authorized by the FRB must obtain approval from the FRB before engaging in such activity. Additionally, a financial holding company may seek FRB approval to engage in an activity that is complementary to a financial activity, if it shows, among other things, that the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of its insured depository institutions or the financial system. 
 A financial holding company generally may acquire a company (other than a bank holding company, bank or savings association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature without prior approval from the FRB. Prior FRB approval is required, however, before the financial holding company may acquire control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a bank holding company, bank or savings association. In addition, under the FRB's merchant banking regulations, a financial holding company is authorized to invest in companies that engage in activities that are not financial in nature, as long as the financial holding company makes its investment with the intention of limiting the duration of the investment, does not manage the company on a day-to-day basis, and the company does not cross-market its products or services with any of the financial holding company's controlled depository institutions. 
 If any subsidiary bank of a financial holding company ceases to be "well-capitalized" or "well-managed" and fails to correct its condition within the time period that the FRB specifies, the FRB has authority to order the financial holding company to divest its subsidiary banks. Alternatively, the financial holding company may elect to limit its activities and the activities of its subsidiaries to those permissible for a bank holding company that is not a financial holding company. If any subsidiary bank of a financial holding company receives a rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of less than "satisfactory", then the financial holding company is prohibited from engaging in new activities or acquiring companies other than bank holding companies, banks or savings associations until the rating is raised to "satisfactory" or better. 
 Limitation on Acquisitions . The Bank Holding Company Act requires a bank holding company to obtain prior approval of the FRB before: 
 taking any action that causes a bank to become a controlled subsidiary of the bank holding company; 
 acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of voting shares of any bank or bank holding company, if the acquisition results in the acquiring bank holding company having control of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of such bank or bank holding company, and such bank or bank holding company is not majority-owned by the acquiring bank holding company prior to the acquisition; 
 acquiring substantially all of the assets of a bank; or 
 merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The FRB has issued risk-based and leverage capital guidelines applicable to United States ("U.S.") banking organizations. If a bank holding company's capital falls below minimum required levels, then the bank holding company must implement a plan to increase its capital, and its ability to pay dividends and make acquisitions of new bank subsidiaries may be restricted or prohibited. The risk-based capital guidelines that applied to us and our subsidiary bank prior to January 1, 2015 were based on the 1988 capital accord, referred to as Basel I, of the International Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"), a committee of central banks and bank supervisors, as implemented by federal bank regulators. In 2008, the bank regulatory agencies began to phase-in capital standards based on a second capital accord issued by the Basel Committee, referred to as Basel II, for large or "core" international banks (generally defined for U.S. purposes as having total assets of 250 billion or more or consolidated foreign exposures of 10 billion or more). Because we do not anticipate controlling any large or "core" international bank in the foreseeable future, Basel II presently does not apply to us. On September 12, 2010, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the Basel Committee, announced agreement on the calibration and phase-in arrangements for a strengthened set of capital requirements, known as Basel III. In July 2013, the federal banking agencies announced new risk-based capital and leverage ratios to conform to the Basel III framework and to address provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the "Basel III Rules"). With respect to the Company and the Bank, these requirements became effective on January 1, 2015. 
 5 

The Basel III Rules established three components of regulatory capital: (1) common equity tier 1 CET1 capital, (2) additional tier 1 ("AT1") capital, and (3) tier 2 ("Tier 2") capital. CET1 capital generally includes common stock instruments and related surplus (net of treasury stock), retained earnings, and, subject to certain adjustments, minority common equity interests in subsidiaries, less goodwill and certain other adjustments. Tier 1 ("Tier 1") capital generally includes CET1 capital plus elements of AT1 capital, such as non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and similar instruments meeting specified criteria and minority interests in subsidiaries that do not satisfy the requirements for treatment as CET1 capital. Cumulative preferred stock (other than cumulative preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury under the Capital Purchase Program or the Small Business Lending Fund) does not qualify as AT1 capital. Trust-preferred securities and other non-qualifying capital instruments issued prior to May 19, 2010 by bank and savings and loan holding companies with less than 15 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009 or by mutual holding companies may continue to be included in Tier 1 capital but will be phased out over ten years beginning in 2016 for all other banking organizations. These non-qualifying capital instruments, however, may be included in Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital may also include certain qualifying debt and the allowance for credit losses up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and other adjustments. 
 The Basel III Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1 capital. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions be deducted from CET1 capital to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 capital or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15 of CET1 capital. Beginning April 1, 2020, this framework for regulatory capital deductions to CET1 capital was simplified by increasing the deduction threshold to 25 at the individual level for each of the aforementioned categories. Pursuant to the Basel III Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss AOCI items are not excluded; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations, including the Company and the Bank, could make a one-time permanent election to continue to exclude these items. The Company made its one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude AOCI items from capital in its filing with the FRB for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. If the Company would not have made this election, unrealized gains and losses would have been included in the calculation of its regulatory capital. 
 The sum of the three tiers of capital less investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries represents the total capital. The risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital by risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance sheet activities). Under the Basel III Rules, the minimum capital ratios effective as of January 1, 2015 are: 
 CET1 risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 4.5 of its risk-weighted assets; 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 6 of its risk-weighted assets; 
 Total risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 8 of its risk-weighted assets; and 
 Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets (leverage ratio) of at least 4 . 
 In addition to the higher requirements, the Basel III Rules established bank holding companies are required to maintain a CET1 capital conservation buffer of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets over and above the minimum risk-based capital requirements. Institutions that do not maintain the required capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior executive management. The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in over four years beginning in 2016. On January 1, 2016, the first phase of the requirement went into effect at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets, and increased each subsequent year by an additional 0.625 percentage points, to reach its final level of 2.5 of risk weighted assets on January 1, 2019. At December 31, 2019, the capital conservation buffer requirement of 2.5 , effectively raised the minimum required risk-based capital ratios to 7 CET1 capital, 8.5 Tier 1 capital and 10.5 total capital on a fully phased-in basis. 
 On December 31, 2022 the Company was in compliance with the FRB's capital adequacy guidelines. The Company's capital ratios calculated under the Basel III Rules (minimum plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer) on December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (4 (min requirement) 
 CET1 Risk- Based Capital Ratio (7.0 (min requirement plus buffer) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio (8.5 (min requirement plus buffer) Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio (10.5 (min requirement plus buffer) 10.76 
 9.89 
 12.52 
 13.85 
 
 6 

The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the "EGRRCPA") directs the federal banking agencies to develop a specified community bank leverage ratio (the "CBLR") (that is, the ratio of a bank's equity capital to its consolidated assets) of not less than 8 and not more than 10 . On November 4, 2019, federal regulators issued final rules that provide certain banks and their holding companies with the option to elect out of complying with the Basel III Rules. Under this new rule, a qualifying community banking organization is eligible to elect the CBLR framework if it has a CBLR greater than 9 at the time of election. 
 A qualifying community banking organization ("QCBO") is defined as a bank, a savings association, a bank holding company or a savings and loan holding company with: 
 a CBLR greater than 9 ; 
 total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion; 
 total off-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives other than credit derivatives and unconditionally cancelable commitments) of 25 or less of total consolidated assets; and 
 total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. 
 A QCBO may elect out of complying with the Basel III Rules if, at the time of the election, the QCBO has a CBLR above 9 . The CBLR is generally calculated in accordance with the regulations for calculating the Tier 1 leverage ratio under the regulatory capital framework discussed above and below, with certain specified exceptions. As of December 31, 2020, the Company and the Bank each qualified to elect the CBLR framework because they had a CBLR of greater than 9 and satisfied the other requirements. The Company does not have immediate plans to elect to use the CBLR framework but may make such an election in the future. 
 Interstate Banking and Branching. Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 (the "Riegle-Neal Act"), a bank holding company is permitted to acquire the stock or substantially all of the assets of banks located in any state regardless of whether such transaction is prohibited under the laws of any state. The FRB will not approve an interstate acquisition if, as a result of the acquisition, the bank holding company would control more than 10 of the total amount of insured deposits in the U.S. or would control more than 30 of the insured deposits in the home state of the acquired bank. The 30 of insured deposits state limit does not apply if the acquisition is the initial entry into a state by a bank holding company or if the home state waives such limit. The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate branches. The Bank and Savings Association Holding Company and Depository Institution Regulatory Improvements Act of 2010, a subset of the Dodd-Frank Act (defined below), permits banks to acquire and establish de novo branches in other states if a state bank in that other state would be permitted to establish the branch. 
 Under the Riegle-Neal Act, individual states may restrict interstate acquisitions in two ways. A state may prohibit an out-of-state bank holding company from acquiring a bank located in the state unless the target bank has been in existence for a specified minimum period of time (not to exceed five years). A state may also establish limits on the total amount of insured deposits within the state which are controlled by a single bank holding company, provided that such deposit limit does not discriminate against out-of-state bank holding companies. 
 Source of Strength. Bank holding companies, such as the Company, are required by statute to serve as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary depository institutions, by providing financial assistance to their insured depository institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress. Under the source of strength requirement, the Company could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank should it experience financial distress. Furthermore, the FRB has the right to order a bank holding company to terminate any activity that the FRB believes is a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any subsidiary bank. The regulators may require these and other actions in support of controlled banks even if such action is not in the best interests of the bank holding company or its stockholders. 
 Liability of Commonly Controlled Institutions. Under cross-guaranty provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the "FDIA"), bank subsidiaries of a bank holding company are liable for any loss incurred by the Deposit Insurance Fund (the "DIF"), the federal deposit insurance fund for banks, in connection with the failure of any other bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. 
 Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act . The Company and the Bank must comply with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, which was enacted to prevent banks and other financial service providers from being used as intermediaries for, or to hide the transfer or deposit of money derived from, drug trafficking, money laundering, and other 
 7 

crimes. Since its passage, the Bank Secrecy Act has been amended several times. These amendments include the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, which made money laundering a criminal act, as well as the Money Laundering Suppression Act of 1994, which required regulators to develop enhanced examination procedures and increased examiner training to improve the identification of money laundering schemes in financial institutions. The USA PATRIOT Act, established in 2001, substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. The regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The regulations include significant penalties for non-compliance. 
 Missouri Bank Holding Company Regulation . Missouri prohibits any bank holding company from acquiring ownership or control of any bank or Missouri depository trust company that has Missouri deposits if, after such acquisition, the bank holding company would hold or control more than 13 of total Missouri deposits. Because of this restriction, among others, a bank holding company, prior to acquiring control of a bank or depository trust company that has deposits in Missouri, must receive the approval of the Missouri Division of Finance. 
 Regulation Applicable to the Bank 
 General. The Bank, a Missouri state non-member depository trust company, is subject to the regulation of the Missouri Division of Finance and the FDIC. The FDIC is empowered to issue cease and desist orders against the Bank if it determines that any activities of the Bank represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or violations of law. In addition, the FDIC has the power to impose civil money penalties for violations of banking statutes and regulations. Regulation by these agencies is designed to protect the depositors of the Bank, not the shareholders of the Company. 
 Bank Regulatory Capital Requirements. The FDIC has adopted minimum capital requirements applicable to state non-member banks, which are similar to the capital adequacy guidelines established by the FRB for bank holding companies. Federal banking laws classified an insured financial institution in one of the following five categories, depending upon the amount of its regulatory capital: 
 "well-capitalized" if it has a total Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 or greater, a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater (and is not subject to any order or written directive requiring the bank to adhere to a higher capital ratio); 
 "adequately capitalized" if it has a total Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 or greater, a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or greater, and a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater; 
 "undercapitalized" if it has a total Tier 1 leverage ratio that is less than 4 , a CET1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6 or a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8 ; 
 "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a total Tier 1 leverage ratio that is less than 3 , a CET1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 3 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4 or a total risk-based ratio that is less than 6 ; and 
 "critically undercapitalized" if it has a Tier 1 leverage ratio that is equal to or less than 2 . 
 Federal regulatory agencies are required to take prompt corrective action against undercapitalized financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was classified as "well-capitalized," which is required for the Company to remain a financial holding company. 
 The capital ratios and classifications of the Bank as of December 31, 2022 and the minimum requirements to be considered well-capitalized are as follows: 
 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (5.0 minimum 
 requirement) 
 CET1 Risk- Based Capital Ratio (6.5 (min requirement) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio (8.0 (min requirement) Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio (10.0 (min requirement) 10.85 
 12.80 
 12.80 
 13.78 
 
 8 

Limitations on Interest Rates and Loans to One Borrower. The rate of interest a bank may charge on certain classes of loans is limited by state and federal law. At certain times in the past, these limitations have resulted in reductions of net interest margins on certain classes of loans. Federal and state laws impose additional restrictions on the lending activities of banks. The maximum amount that a Missouri state-chartered bank may lend to any one person or entity is generally limited to 15 of the unimpaired capital of the bank located in a city having a population of 100,000 or more, 20 of the unimpaired capital of the bank located in a city having a population of less than 100,000 and over 7,000, and 25 of the unimpaired capital of the bank if located elsewhere in the state. In the case of Missouri state-chartered banks with a composite rating of 1 or 2 under the Capital, Assets, Management, Earnings, Liquidity and Sensitivity (CAMELS) rating system, the maximum amount is the greater of (i) the limits listed in the foregoing sentence or (ii) 25 of the unimpaired capital of the bank. 
 Payment of Dividends. The Company's primary source of funds is dividends from the Bank, and the Bank is subject to federal and state laws limiting the payment of dividends. Under the FDIA, an FDIC-insured institution may not pay dividends while it is undercapitalized or if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized. The National Bank Act and Missouri banking law also prohibit the declaration of a dividend out of the capital and surplus of the Bank. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The Bank is subject to the Community Reinvestment Act and implementing regulations. These regulations establish the framework and criteria by which the bank regulatory agencies assess an institution's record of helping to meet the credit needs of its community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Community Reinvestment Act ratings are taken into account by regulators in reviewing certain applications made by the Company and the Bank. 
 Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates. The Company and its non-bank subsidiaries are "affiliates" within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act. The amount of loans or extensions of credit which the Bank may make to non-bank affiliates, or to third parties secured by securities or obligations of the non-bank affiliates, are substantially limited by the Federal Reserve Act and the FDIA. Such acts further restrict the range of permissible transactions between a bank and an affiliated company. A bank and its subsidiaries may engage in certain transactions, including loans and purchases of assets, with an affiliated company only if the terms and conditions of the transaction, including credit standards, are substantially the same as, or at least as favorable to the bank as, those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies or, in the absence of comparable transactions, on terms and conditions that would be offered to non-affiliated companies. 
 Other Banking Activities. The investments and activities of the Bank are also subject to regulation by federal and state banking agencies regarding, among other things, investments in subsidiaries, investments for their own account (including limitations on investments in junk bonds and equity securities), loans to officers, directors and their affiliates, security requirements, anti-tying limitations, anti-money laundering, financial privacy and customer identity verification requirements, truth-in-lending, the types of interest bearing deposit accounts which it can offer, trust department operations, brokered deposits, audit requirements, issuance of securities, branching and mergers and acquisitions. 
 Changes in Laws and Monetary Policies 
 Recent Legislation. Various pieces of legislation, including proposals to change substantially the financial institution regulatory system, are from time to time introduced and considered by the Missouri state legislature and the U.S. Congress. In July 2010, President Barack Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), which enacted substantial changes to the legal framework of the entire financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act mandates the passage of numerous rules and regulations by various regulatory agencies over the next few years. It also creates the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which will overtake supervision of most providers of consumer financial products and services, and will be empowered to declare acts or practices related to the delivery of a consumer financial product or service to be "unfair, deceptive or abusive." This law will continue to change banking regulation and the operating environment of the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. These changes could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the impact that the Dodd-Frank Act, and the various regulations issued thereunder will have on its business. 
 Key provisions of the EGRRCPA as it relates to community banks and bank holding companies include, but are not limited to: (i) designating mortgages held in portfolio as "qualified mortgages" for banks with less than 10 billion in assets, subject to certain documentation and product limitations; (ii) exempting banks with less than 10 billion in assets (and total trading assets and trading liabilities of 5 or less of total assets) from Volcker Rule requirements relating to 
 9 

proprietary trading; (iii) simplifying capital calculations for banks with less than 10 billion in assets by requiring federal banking agencies to establish a CBLR of tangible equity to average consolidated assets of not less than 8 or more than 10 , and provide that banks that maintain tangible equity in excess of such ratio will be deemed to be in compliance with risk-based capital and leverage requirements; (iv) assisting smaller banks with obtaining stable funding by providing an exception for reciprocal deposits from FDIC restrictions on acceptance of brokered deposits; (v) raising the eligibility for use of short-form Call Reports from 1 billion to 5 billion in assets; (vi) clarifying definitions pertaining to high-volatility commercial real estate, which require higher capital allocations, so that only loans with increased risk are subject to higher risk weightings; and (vii) changing the eligibility for use of the small bank holding company policy statement from institutions with under 1 billion in assets to institutions with under 3 billion in assets. 
 Fiscal Monetary Policies. The Company's business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. The Company is particularly affected by the policies of the FRB, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the FRB are: 
 conducting open market operations in U.S. government securities; 
 changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions; 
 imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions' deposits; and 
 imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by bank and their affiliates. 
 These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The policies of the FRB have a material effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The references in the foregoing discussion to various aspects of statutes and regulation are merely summaries, which do not purport to be complete and which are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations. 
 Available Information 
 The address of the Company's principal executive offices is 132 East High Street, Jefferson City, Missouri 65101 and the telephone number at this location is (573)761-6100. The Company's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "HWBK". 
 We electronically file certain documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K (as appropriate), along with any related amendments and supplements. From time-to-time, we also may file registration and related statements pertaining to equity or debt offerings. You may read and download the Company's SEC filings over the internet from several commercial document retrieval services as well as at the SEC's internet website (www.sec.gov). 
 The Company's internet website address is www.hawthornbancshares.com. Under the "Documents" menu tab of our website, we make available, without charge, the Company's public filings with the SEC, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, or any amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Please note that any internet addresses provided in this report are for information purposes only and are not intended to be hyperlinks. Accordingly, no information found and/or provided at such internet addresses is intended or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 1A . Risk Factors . 
 Risk Factors 
 We are identifying important risks and uncertainties that could affect the Company's results of operations, financial condition or business and that could cause them to differ materially from the Company's historical results of operations, financial condition or business, or those contemplated by forward-looking statements made herein or elsewhere, by, or on behalf of, the Company. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those factors described below. The risk factors highlighted below are not necessarily the only ones that the Company faces. 
 10 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Market 
 Public Health Threats or Outbreaks of Communicable Diseases May Adversely Affect the Company's Operations and Financial Results. The Company and the Bank may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases. A widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease could adversely affect the global economy and the Company's financial performance. For example, COVID-19 pandemic destabilized the financial markets in which the Bank operates, and the effects of the pandemic continue to cause disruption in the global economies and financial markets, including the Bank's local markets. The Company and the Bank are dependent upon the willingness and ability of the Bank's customers to conduct banking and other financial transactions, which could be limited in the event of a disease outbreak or pandemic. For example, in reaction to and as a preventative measure to attempt to slow the spread of COVID-19, government authorities in many states and municipalities implemented mandatory closures, shelter-in-place orders, and social distancing protocols, including orders within many of the geographic areas that the Bank operates. Although the Bank is typically considered an essential business, access to its branches and office locations may be restricted at times for the safety of its employees and customers. Limiting customer access to the Bank's physical business could prevent some customers from transacting with the Bank and lower demand for lending and other services offered by the Bank, adversely affecting the Bank's and the Company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, profitability and asset quality for an indefinite period of time. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's and Company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. A resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the outbreak of another illness, disease or virus, and efforts to contain such pandemic or outbreak could: 
 negatively impact customer demand of the Bank's lending and related services; 
 cause the Bank to experience an increase in costs as a result of the Bank implementing operational changes to accommodate its newly-remote workforce; 
 cause delayed payments from customers and uncollectible accounts, defaults, foreclosures, and declining collateral values, resulting in losses to the Bank and the Company; 
 result in losses on the Bank's investment portfolio, due to volatility in the markets and lower trading volume driven by economic uncertainty; 
 cause market interest rates to continue to decline, which could adversely affect the Bank's and the Company's net interest income and profitability; 
 cause the Bank's credit losses to grow substantially; and 
 impact availability of qualified personnel. 
 The ultimate extent of the COVID-19 pandemic's negative impact on the Bank and the Company are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Beyond the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the potential impacts of epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks of an illness, disease, or virus could therefore materially and adversely affect the Bank's and the Company's business, revenue, operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows. 
 Because We Primarily Serve Central and West Central Missouri, a Decline in the Local Economic Conditions Could Lower the Company's Profitability. The profitability of the Company is dependent on the profitability of the Bank, which operates out of central and west-central Missouri. The financial condition of the Bank is affected by slowing or recessionary economic conditions and business activity prevailing in the portion of Missouri in which its operations are located. Although our customers' business and financial interests may extend well beyond our market areas, the financial conditions of both the Company and the Bank would be adversely affected by deterioration in the general economic and real estate climate in Missouri. 
 An increase in unemployment, a decrease in profitability of regional businesses or real estate values, or an increase in interest rates are among the factors that could weaken the local economy. With a weaker local economy: 
 customers may not want or need the products and services of the Bank, 
 borrowers may be unable to repay their loans, 
 the value of the collateral security of the Bank's loans to borrowers may decline, 
 the number of loan delinquencies and foreclosures may increase, and 
 11 

the overall quality of the Bank's loan portfolio may decline. 
 Originating mortgage loans and consumer loans are a significant source of profits for the Bank. If individual customers in the local area do not want or need these loans, profits may decrease. Although the Bank could make other investments, the Bank may earn less revenue on these investments than on loans. Additionally, the Bank's losses on loans may increase if borrowers are unable to make payments on their loans. 
 Interest Rate Changes May Reduce the Profitability of the Company and the Bank. The primary source of earnings for the Bank is net interest income. To be profitable, the Bank has to earn more money in interest and fees on loans and other interest-earning assets than it pays as interest on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities and as other expenses. If prevailing interest rates decrease, the amount of interest the Bank earn on loans and investment securities may decrease more rapidly than the amount of interest the Bank has to pay on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. This would result in a decrease in the profitability of the Company and the Bank. 
 Changes in the level or structure of interest rates also affect: 
 the Bank's ability to originate loans, 
 the value of the Bank's loan and securities portfolios, 
 the Bank's ability to realize gains from the sale of loans and securities, 
 the average life of the Bank's deposits, and 
 the Bank's ability to obtain deposits. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately affect both the level of income and expense recorded on a large portion of the Bank's assets and liabilities, and the fair value of all interest-earning assets, other than interest-earning assets that mature in the short term. The Bank's interest rate management strategy is designed to stabilize net interest income and preserve capital over a broad range of interest rate movements by matching the interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities. Although the Company believes that the Bank's current mix of loans, mortgage-backed securities, investment securities and deposits is reasonable, significant fluctuations in interest rates may have a negative effect on the profitability of the Bank. 
 Our Business Depends On Our Ability to Successfully Manage Credit Risk. The operation of our business requires us to manage credit risk. As a lender, the Bank is exposed to the risk that borrowers will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms, and that the collateral securing repayment of their loans, if any, may not be sufficient to ensure repayment. In addition, there are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. In order to successfully manage credit risk, we must, among other things, maintain disciplined and prudent underwriting standards and ensure that our loan officers follow those standards. The weakening of these standards for any reason, such as an attempt to attract higher yielding loans, a lack of discipline or diligence by our employees in underwriting and monitoring loans, the inability of our employees to adequately adapt policies and procedures to address changes in economic or other conditions affecting borrowers (such as the current recessionary environment and rising interest rates) and the quality of our loan portfolio, may result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The Company's Profitability Depends On The Bank's Asset Quality and Lending Risks. Success in the banking industry largely depends on the quality of loans and other assets. A significant source of risk for us arises from the possibility that losses will be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. The Bank's loan officers are actively encouraged to identify deteriorating loans. Loans are also monitored and categorized through an analysis of their payment status. The Bank's failure to timely and accurately monitor the quality of its loans and other assets could have a materially adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. There is a degree of credit risk associated with any lending activity. The Bank attempts to minimize its credit risk through loan diversification. Although the Bank's loan portfolio is varied, with no undue concentration in any one industry, substantially all of the loans in the portfolio have been made to borrowers in central, west central, and southwest Missouri. Therefore, the loan portfolio is susceptible to factors affecting the central, west central, and southwest Missouri area and the level of non-performing assets is heavily dependent upon local 
 12 

conditions. There can be no assurance that the level of the Bank's non-performing assets will not increase above current levels. High levels of non-performing assets could have a materially adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. 
 The Provision for Probable Loan Losses May Need to Be Increased. The Bank makes a provision for loan losses based upon management's estimate of probable losses in the loan portfolio and its consideration of prevailing economic and environmental conditions. The amount of future loan losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond the Company's control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. We cannot fully predict the amount or timing of losses or whether the loss allowance will be adequate in the future. The Bank may need to increase the provision for loan losses through additional provisions in the future if, among other things, the financial condition of any of its borrowers deteriorates, if its borrower fails to perform its obligations to it, or if real estate values decline. Furthermore, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Bank's loan portfolio, provision for loan losses, and real estate acquired by foreclosure. Such agencies may require the Bank to recognize additions to the provision for loan losses based on their judgments of information available to them at the time of the examination. Any additional provision for probable loan losses, whether required as a result of regulatory review or initiated by the Company itself, may materially alter the financial outlook of the Company and the Bank and may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 In June of 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, decided to review how banks estimate losses in the allowance calculation, and it issued the final current expected credit loss standard, or CECL. Currently, the impairment model is based on incurred losses, and investments are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. This model will be replaced by the new CECL model that will become effective for the Company in January 2023. Under the new CECL model promulgated under ASU 2016-13 "Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments", we will be required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan and record an allowance that, when deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, presents the net amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. The CECL model is expected to result in more timely recognition of credit losses. The ASU will require new disclosures for financial assets measured at amortized cost, loans and available-for-sale debt securities. Entities will apply the standard's provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. The transition to the CECL model will bring with it significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected losses under the new parameters. 
 The Company's CECL committee implemented a model from a third-party vendor and continues to refine documentation and assumptions for transitioning to the CECL model effective January 1, 2023. In addition, the Company engaged a third-party, independent firm experienced in CECL matters to perform a validation of the model. The Company currently expects to record a one-time adjustment to retained earnings to increase the allowance for loan losses. The amount of the adjustments will be impacted by each portfolio s composition and credit quality at the adoption date as well as economic conditions and forecasts at that time. Based on implementation progress to date, the Company believes the capital adequacy requirements to which it and the Bank are subject to, and its business strategies and practices, was not materially impacted following the adoption in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Adverse Market Conditions in the U.S. Economy and the Markets in Which We Operate Could Adversely Impact the Company's Business. General downward economic trends, such as the current recessionary economic environment, reduced availability of commercial credit, and increasing unemployment have negatively impacted the credit performance of commercial and consumer credit, resulting in additional write-downs. Concerns over the stability of the financial markets and the economy have resulted in decreased lending by financial institutions to their customers and to each other. This market turmoil and tightening of credit has led to increased commercial and consumer deficiencies, lack of customer confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction in general business activity. Competition among depository institutions for deposits has increased significantly. Financial institutions have experienced decreased access to deposits or borrowings. 
 The economy is currently experiencing a period of heightened inflation and rising interest rates. In addition, during the COVID-19 pandemic, our growth was bolstered by temporary government programs, such as the SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) pursuant to which we issued PPP loans in 2020 and 2021. Furthermore, real estate values and the demand for commercial real estate loans have not fully recovered, and reduced availability of commercial credit and continuing unemployment have negatively impacted the credit performance of commercial and consumer credit. Additional market developments such as worsening of economic conditions in other parts of the world would likely exacerbate the 
 13 

lingering effects of the difficult market conditions experienced by us and others in the financial services industry and could further slow, stall or reverse the slow economic recovery in the U.S. A further deterioration of overall market conditions, a continuation of the economic downturn or prolonged economic stagnation in the Company's markets may have a negative impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of its common stock. If the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the economy in areas where we lend were to stagnate or further decline, this could result in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit, including a resultant adverse effect on the Company's loan portfolio and provision for losses on loans. This may exacerbate the Company's exposure to credit risk, impair the Company's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers or to estimate the values of its assets and adversely affect the ability of borrowers to perform under the terms of their lending arrangements with us. Negative conditions in the real estate markets where we operate could adversely affect borrowers' ability to repay their loans and the value of the underlying collateral. Real estate values are affected by various factors, including general economic conditions, governmental rules or policies and natural disasters. These factors may adversely impact borrowers' ability to make required payments, which in turn, may negatively impact the Company's financial results. As a result of the difficult market and economic conditions referred to above, there is a potential for new federal or state laws and regulations regarding lending and funding practices and liquidity standards, and for bank regulatory agencies to be very aggressive in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations. This increased government action may increase costs and limit the Company's ability to pursue certain business opportunities. 
 We cannot predict whether the difficult market and economic conditions will improve in the near future. A worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult conditions on the Company, its customers and the other financial institutions in its market. As a result, we may experience increases in foreclosures, delinquencies and customer bankruptcies, as well as more restricted access to funds, and the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price may be adversely affected. 
 Smaller Commercial Borrowers May Have Fewer Financial Resources, Which May Impair Their Ability to Repay Loans. We provide lending to many small- to medium-sized customers, which frequently have fewer financial resources than larger entities (in terms of capital or borrowing capacity). Accordingly, these businesses may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete, and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair the borrower's ability to repay a loan. If these or other borrowers are harmed by adverse business conditions in the markets in which we operate, it may result in an adverse effect to the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company or the Bank. 
 The Soundness of Other Financial Institutions Could Adversely Affect Us. The Company's ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect the Company's results of operations. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due, and failure to maintain sufficient liquidity could materially adversely affect our growth, business, profitability and financial condition. Liquidity is essential to our business. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they become due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse conditions or consequences. We require sufficient liquidity to fund asset growth, meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, payments on our debt obligations as they become due and other cash commitments under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances, including events causing industry or general financial market stress. Liquidity risk can increase due to a number of factors, including an over-reliance on a particular source of funding or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include, but are not limited to, a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a slowdown in our market, adverse regulatory actions against us, or changes in the liquidity needs of our depositors. Market conditions or other events could also negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without 
 14 

adverse consequences. Our inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans, other sources, and our ability to maintain sufficient deposits, could have a substantial negative effect on our business, and could result in the closure of the Bank. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any substantial, unexpected, and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on customer deposits, including brokered deposits, and to a lesser extent on advances from the FHLB and federal funds purchased to fund our operations. Although we have historically been able to replace customer deposit withdrawals, maturing deposits, and advances if desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions were to change. FHLB borrowings and other current sources of liquidity may not be available or, if available, sufficient to provide adequate funding for operations. 
 Deterioration in the Housing Market Could Cause Further Increases in Delinquencies and Non-Performing Assets, Including Loan Charge-Offs, and Depress the Company's Income and Growth. The volume of one-to-four family residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit may decrease during economic downturns as a result of, among other things, a decrease in real estate values, an increase in unemployment, a slowdown in housing price appreciation or increases in interest rates. These factors could reduce earnings and consequently the Company's financial condition because: 
 borrowers may not be able to repay their loans; 
 the value of the collateral securing loans may decline further; 
 the quality of the Company's loan portfolio may decline further; and 
 customers may not want or need the Company's products and services. 
 Any of these scenarios could cause an increase in delinquencies and non-performing assets, require us to charge-off a higher percentage of loans, increase substantially the provision for losses on loans, or make fewer loans, which would reduce income. 
 The FDIC's Changes in the Calculation of Deposit Insurance Premiums and Ability to Levy Special Assessments Could Increase the Company's Non-Interest Expense and May Reduce Its Profitability. The range of base assessment rates historically varies from 12 to 45 basis points depending on an institution's risk category, with newly added financial measures resulting in increased assessment rates for institutions heavily relying on brokered deposits to support rapid asset growth. However, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to amend its regulations to redefine the assessment base used for calculating deposit insurance assessments. On February 9, 2011, the FDIC adopted a final rule that defines the assessment base as the average consolidated total assets during the assessment period minus the average tangible equity of the insured depository institution during the assessment period. The FDIC also imposed a new assessment rate scale (which was revised further in 2016). Under the new system, banks will pay assessments at a rate between 2.5 and 32 basis points per assets minus tangible equity, depending upon an institution's risk category (the final rule also includes progressively lower assessment rate schedules when the FDIC's reserve ratio reaches certain levels). The rulemaking changes the current assessment rate schedule so the schedule will result in the collection of assessment revenue that is approximately the same as generated under the current rate schedule and current assessment base. Nearly all banks with assets less than 10 billion will pay smaller deposit insurance assessments as a result of the new rule. The majority of the changes in the FDIC's final rule became effective on April 1, 2011. The FDIC has the statutory authority to impose special assessments on insured depository institutions in an amount, and for such purposes, as the FDIC may deem necessary. The change in the calculation methodology for deposit insurance premiums and the possible emergency special assessments could increase non-interest expense and may adversely affect the Company's profitability. 
 We May Elect Or Be Compelled To Seek Additional Capital In The Future, But That Capital May Not Be Available When It Is Needed. We are required by regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support operations. In addition, we may elect to raise additional capital to support the growth of the Company's business or to finance acquisitions, if any, or we may elect to raise additional capital for other reasons. In that regard, a number of financial institutions have recently raised considerable amounts of capital as a result of a deterioration in their results of operations and financial condition arising from the turmoil in the mortgage loan market, deteriorating economic conditions, declines in real estate values and other factors. Should we elect or be required by regulatory authorities to raise additional capital, we may seek to do so through the issuance of, among other things, common stock or securities convertible into 
 15 

common stock, which could dilute your ownership interest in the Company. Although we remain "well-capitalized" and have not had a deterioration in liquidity, the future cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, many of which are outside of the Company's control. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the ability to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed or on terms acceptable to us, it may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 If We Are Unable to Successfully Compete for Customers in the Company's Market Area, the Company's Financial Condition and Results of Operations Could Be Adversely Affected. The Bank faces substantial competition in making loans, attracting deposits and providing other financial products and services. The Bank has numerous competitors for customers in its market area. 
 Such competition for loans comes principally from: 
 other commercial banks 
 savings banks 
 savings and loan associations 
 mortgage banking companies 
 finance companies 
 credit unions 
 
 Competition for deposits comes principally from: 
 other commercial banks 
 savings banks 
 savings and loan associations 
 credit unions 
 brokerage firms 
 insurance companies 
 money market mutual funds 
 mutual funds (such as corporate and government securities funds) 
 
 Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and name recognition, more locations, more advanced technology and more financial products to offer than the Bank. Competition from larger institutions may increase due to an acceleration of bank mergers and consolidations in Missouri and the rest of the nation. In addition, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act removes many of the remaining restrictions in federal banking law against cross-ownership between banks and other financial institutions, such as insurance companies and securities firms. The law will likely increase the number and financial strength of companies that compete directly with the Bank. 
 The profitability of the Bank depends on its continued ability to attract new customers and compete in its service areas. Increased competition in our markets from new competitors, as well as the expanding operations of existing competitors, may result in: 
 interest rate changes to various types of accounts; 
 a decrease in the amounts of the Bank's loans and deposits; 
 reduced spreads between loan rates and deposit rates; and 
 loan terms that are less favorable to the bank. 
 Any of these results could have a material adverse impact on the Bank's market share of deposits and loans in the Bank's service areas. If the Bank is unable to successfully compete, its financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 We May Experience Difficulties in Managing Growth and in Effectively Integrating Newly Acquired Companies. As part of the Company's general strategy, it may continue to acquire banks and businesses that it believes provide a strategic fit with its business. To the extent that the Company does grow, there can be no assurances that we will be able to adequately and profitably manage such growth. Acquiring other banks and businesses will involve risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including: 
 potential exposure to liabilities of the banks and businesses acquired; 
 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the banks and businesses acquired; 
 difficulty and expense of instituting the necessary systems and procedures, including accounting and financial reporting systems, to manage the combined enterprises on a profitable basis; 
 16 

potential disruption to existing business and operations; 
 potential diversion of the time and attention of management; and 
 impairment of relationships with and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the banks and businesses acquired. 
 The success of the Company's internal growth strategy will depend primarily on the ability of the Bank to generate an increasing level of loans and deposits at acceptable risk levels and on acceptable terms without significant increases in non-interest expenses relative to revenues generated. There is no assurance that we will be successful in implementing the Company's internal growth strategy. 
 The Bank is a Community Bank and Our Ability to Maintain the Bank's Reputation is Critical to the Success of Our Business and the Failure to Do So Could Materially Adversely Affect Our Performance. The Bank is a community bank, and its reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. However, employee error or employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our clients or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee error or misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. If our reputation is negatively affected, by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 Fraudulent Activity Could Damage Our Reputation, Disrupt Our Business, Increase our Costs and Cause Losses. Financial institutions are inherently exposed to operational risk in the form of theft and other fraudulent activity by employees, clients and other third parties targeting us and our customers or data. Such activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering, and other dishonest acts. Although the Company devotes substantial resources to maintaining effective policies and internal controls to identify and prevent such incidents, given the increasing sophistication of possible perpetrators, the Company or the Bank may experience financial losses or reputational harm as a result of fraud. In addition, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures in order to modify and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate fraudulent activity. Although we have not experienced any material business or reputational harm as a result of fraudulent activities in the past, the occurrence of fraudulent activity could damage our reputation, disrupt our business, increase our costs and cause losses in the future . 
 Phase-out of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and Uncertainty Relating to Alternative Reference Rates May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations. LIBOR is used extensively as a reference rate for various financial contracts, including adjustable-rate loans, asset-backed securities, and interest rate swaps. In July 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021, and such date was later extended to June 30, 2023. Accordingly, continuation of LIBOR cannot be guaranteed after June 30, 2023 and alternative reference rates must be established. Management is currently evaluating the impact of this transition as it relates to new and existing contracts and customers. We will be required to implement substitute indices for the calculation of interest rates under our loan agreements and we are currently evaluating appropriate alternatives to LIBOR. Implementing the LIBOR phase-out will involve additional expense and may reduce the value of our LIBOR-based loans and securities and impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings. If we fail to successfully execute the transition, we may be subject to disputes or litigation with clients over the appropriateness of substitute LIBOR indices. The ultimate impact of the LIBOR phase-out on the valuations, pricing and operation of our financial instruments is not yet known and difficult to predict and may adversely affect our results of operations. At December 31, 2022, 10.0 million of our loans were tied to LIBOR. 
 The Company's Success Largely Depends on the Efforts of its Executive Officers . The success of the Company and the Bank has been largely dependent on the efforts of David Turner, Chairman, CEO, President, and Director, and the other executive officers. These individuals are expected to continue to perform their services. However, the loss of the services of Mr. Turner, or any of the other key executive officers could have a materially adverse effect on the Company and the Bank. 
 If We Fail to Maintain an Effective System of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, We May Not Be Able to Accurately Report Our Financial Results or Prevent Fraud, and, As a Result, Investors and Depositors 
 17 

Could Lose Confidence in Our Financial Reporting, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Business, the Trading Price of Our Stock, and Our Ability to Attract Additional Deposits . We are required to include in our annual reports filed with the SEC a report from our management regarding internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we documented and evaluated our internal control over financial reporting in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules and regulations, which require an annual management report on our internal control over financial reporting, including, among other matters, management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Failure or circumvention of our system of internal control could have an adverse effect on our business, profitability, and financial condition, and could result in regulatory actions and loss of investor confidence. Additionally, if we fail to identify and correct any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or fail to prevent fraud, current and potential stockholders and depositors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, the trading price of our stock and our ability to attract additional deposits. 
 Severe Weather, Natural Disasters, Pandemics, and Other External Events Could Significantly Impact Our Business. Severe weather, including tornadoes, droughts, hailstorms and other natural disasters, pandemics, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses. Operations in our markets could be disrupted by both the evacuation of large portions of the population as well as damage or lack of access to our banking and operation facilities. Military and political conflicts, including the current military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may increase volatility in commodity and energy prices, create supply chain issues and cause instability in financial markets, which may adversely affect us and our clients. Other severe weather or natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other adverse external events may occur in the future. Although management has established business continuity plans and procedures, the occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate Change and Responses to Climate Change May Adversely Impact Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses are also changing their behavior and business preferences as a result of these concerns. New governmental regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as changes in consumers and businesses behaviors and business preferences, may cause us and our customers to experience cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes and delays in completion of projects. To the extent that climate change and responses to climate change negatively impact the businesses and financial condition of our customers, the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those customers may increase. In addition, weather events related to climate change could adversely affect our business and the businesses of our customers. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Regulatory Environment 
 We May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Laws And Regulations Affecting the Financial Services Industry . Banks and bank holding companies such as the Company are subject to regulation by both federal and state bank regulatory agencies. The regulations, which are designed to protect borrowers and promote certain social policies, include limitations on the operations of banks and bank holding companies, such as minimum capital requirements and restrictions on dividend payments. The regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervision and enforcement activities and their examination policies, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a bank, the classification of assets by an institution and requiring an increase in a bank's allowance for loan losses. These regulations are not necessarily designed to maximize the profitability of banking institutions. 
 In July 2010, President Barack Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Act, which enacted substantial changes to the legal framework of the entire financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act mandates the passage of numerous rules and regulations by various regulatory agencies over the next few years. This legislation will change banking regulation and the operating environment of the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. It could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the impact that the Dodd-Frank Act, and the various regulations issued thereunder will have on its business. 
 18 

These, and other future changes in the banking laws and regulations and tax and accounting rules applicable to financial institutions, could have a material adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. 
 The Federal Reserve May Require the Company to Commit Capital Resources to Support the Bank. As a matter of policy, the Federal Reserve expects a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks. The Federal Reserve may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to adequately commit resources to a subsidiary bank. Accordingly, we may be required to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank, even if such contribution creates a detriment to the Company or its stockholders. If we do not have sufficient resources on hand to fund the capital injection, we may be required to borrow funds or raise capital. Any such loans are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In the event of bankruptcy of the bank holding company, claims based upon any commitments to fund capital injections are entitled to a priority of payment over claims made by general unsecured creditors, including holders of indebtedness. Thus, any borrowing incurred by the Company to make required capital injections to the Bank are difficult and expensive, and will adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 The Short-Term And Long-Term Impact of the Changing Regulatory Capital Requirements and New Capital Rules is Uncertain. The federal banking agencies have substantially amended the regulatory capital rules applicable to us and the Bank. The amendments implement the Basel III Rules and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The amended rules include new minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which became effective in January 2015, with certain requirements to be phased in beginning in 2016, and refined the definition of what constitutes "capital" for purposes of calculating those ratios. 
 The application of more stringent capital requirements to us and the Bank could, among other things, result in lower returns on invested capital, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk based capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital and/or additional capital conservation buffers could result in management modifying its business strategy and could further limit the Company's ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. 
 The EGRRCPA directs the federal banking agencies to develop a specified CBLR (that is, the ratio of a bank's equity capital to its consolidated assets) of not less than 8 and not more than 10 . On November 4, 2019, federal regulators issued final rules effective January 1, 2020 that provide certain banks and their holding companies with the option to elect out of complying with the Basel III Rules. Under this new rule, a qualifying community banking organization is eligible to elect the CBLR framework if it has a CBLR greater than 9 at the time of election. The final rule is described in more detail above under the section entitled "Regulatory Capital Requirements." As of December 31, 2020, the Company and the Bank each qualified to elect the CBLR framework because they had a CBLR of greater than 9 and satisfied the other requirements. The Company has not opted in to CBLR framework. The Company does not have immediate plans to elect to use the CBLR framework but may make such an election in the future. 
 Higher FDIC Deposit Insurance Premiums and Assessments Could Adversely Affect our Financial Condition . Our deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain deposit insurance. As an FDIC-insured institution, we are required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Growth in insured deposits at FDIC-insured financial institutions in recent years caused the ratio of the DIF to total insured deposits to fall below the current statutory minimum, and the FDIC has approved an increase in the base assessment rates to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum level by the statutory deadline. Although we cannot predict what the insurance assessment rates will be in the future, either a deterioration in our risk-based capital ratios or further adjustments to the base assessment rates could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Non-Compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Truth-in-Lending Act, Community Reinvestment Act, Fair Lending Laws or Other Laws and Regulations Could Result in Fines or Sanctions, and Curtail Expansion Opportunities . Financial institutions are required under the USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money-laundering and terrorist activities. Financial institutions are also obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network if such activities are detected. These rules also require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure or the inability to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and Bank Secrecy Act statutes and 
 19 

regulations could result in fines or penalties, curtailment of expansion opportunities, enforcement actions, intervention or sanctions by regulators and costly litigation or expensive additional controls and systems. During the last few years, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. In addition, the U.S. Government imposed and will continue to expand laws and regulations relating to residential and consumer lending activities that create significant new compliance burdens and financial risks. 
 Regulations Relating to Privacy, Information Security and Data Protection Could Increase Our Costs, Affect or Limit How We Collect and Use Personal Information and Adversely Affect Our Business Opportunities. We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by these laws. For example, our business is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share non-public personal information about our clients with non-affiliated third parties; (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to clients about our information collection, sharing and security practices and afford clients the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with non-affiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that we develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards that are appropriate based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities and the sensitivity of client information we process, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Many state and federal banking regulators, states and foreign countries have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notifications in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the U.S. and other countries are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of client or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. This could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. This includes increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as at the state level. 
 Compliance with any current or future laws and regulations noted above (including those regarding security breach notification) could result in higher compliance costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Our failure to comply with any such laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are Subject to Numerous Laws Designed to Protect Consumers, Including the Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws, and Failure to Comply with These Laws Could Lead to a Wide Variety of Sanctions. The Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We may be subject to liability for potential violations of predatory lending laws, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
 We Are Subject to a Number of Other Laws and Regulations, Which May Adversely Affect the Operation of Our Business and Increase Our Costs. We are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law, and are subject to a number of laws and regulations in addition to banking laws and regulations, including securities, insurance and tax laws and regulations. As a company whose stock is publicly traded, we are subject to various federal and state securities laws, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and we file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, because our common stock is listed with The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, we are subject to the listing rules of that exchange. Our subsidiary, Hawthorn Risk Management, Inc., is subject to the regulations of the State of Missouri and undergoes periodic examinations by the Missouri Division of Finance . The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to federal and state income taxes and Missouri franchise taxes, and are potentially subject to audits by the Internal Revenue Service and state income and franchise tax examinations by the Missouri Department of Revenue. Any failure by us to comply with any laws or regulations, any change in such laws or regulations or the position of any regulatory agency with respect thereto, or any adverse result in 
 20 

any regulatory investigation or examination, including any tax audit or examination, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Technology and Vendor Risks 
 We Are Subject to Security and Operational Risks Relating to Our Use of Technology That Could Damage Our Reputation and Our Business . We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Furthermore, we have access to large amounts of confidential financial information and control substantial financial assets, including those belonging to our customers, to whom we offer remote access, and we regularly transfer substantial financial assets by electronic means. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of our systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we intend to continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures to prevent such damage, our security measures may not be successful. 
 In addition, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we and our third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data. A failure of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination or capacity constraints caused by third parties that facilitate our business activities by providing technology such as software applications, as well as financial intermediaries. Such parties could also be the source of an attack on, or breach of, our operational systems, data or infrastructure. 
 We also face the potential risk of loss due to fraud, including commercial checking account fraud, automated teller machine (ATM) skimming and trapping, write-offs necessitated by debit card fraud, and other forms of online banking fraud, which are becoming more sophisticated and present new challenges as mobile banking increases, as well as employee fraud. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence. We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. Should our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, and if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Operation of Our Business, Including Customer Interaction, is Increasingly Done Via Electronic Means, and This Has Increased Our Risks Related to Cybersecurity . We rely on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems to conduct our business. This includes internally developed systems, the systems of third-party service providers, and digital and mobile technologies. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems, and could damage our reputation, result in loss of customer business, subject us to regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. We are exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks in the normal course of business, which can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. We have observed an increased level of attention in the industry focused on cyber-attacks that include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyber-attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as by causing denial-of-service attacks on websites. Cyber-attacks may be carried out by third parties or insiders using techniques that range from highly sophisticated efforts to electronically circumvent network security or overwhelm websites to more traditional intelligence gathering and social engineering aimed at obtaining information necessary to gain access. The objectives of cyber-attacks vary widely and can include theft of financial assets, intellectual property, or other sensitive information, including the information belonging to our banking customers. Cyber-attacks may also be directed at disrupting our operations. 
 We may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences if we fall victim to successful cyber-attacks. Such negative consequences could include remediation costs that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repairing system damage that may have been caused; increased cybersecurity protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or 
 21 

the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; litigation; and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. 
 We Continually Encounter Technological Change, and We Cannot Predict How Changes in Technology Will Affect Our Business. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology driven by products and services, which include developments in: 
 telecommunications 
 data processing 
 automation 
 internet-based banking 
 telebanking 
 debit cards and so-called "smart cards" 
 
 The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We Rely On Others to Provide Key Components of Our Business Infrastructure . Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we have selected these third party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. If these third-party vendors experience financial, operational or technological difficulties, perform their services poorly or terminate their services, and we are unable to replace them with other service providers, our operations could be interrupted. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing us their services for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. If a service interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. Replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant delay and additional expense. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The Price of Our Common Stock Could Fluctuate Significantly, and This Could Make it Difficult for You to Resell Shares of Our Common Stock at Times or at Prices You Find Attractive . The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant volatility during the recent economic downturn. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers' underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume in our common stock could fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. This could make it difficult for you to resell shares of our common stock at times or at prices you find attractive. 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock will depend on many factors that could change from time to time and could be beyond our control. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are those identified under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" in Item 7 of this report and as follows: 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 
 changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our common stock or those of other financial institutions; 
 failure to meet analysts' revenue or earnings estimates; 
 speculation in the press or investment community generally or relating to our reputation, our market area, our competitors or the financial services industry in general; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions or financings; 
 actions by our current stockholders, including sales of common stock by existing stockholders and/or directors and executive officers; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 
 22 

future sales of our equity, equity-related or debt securities; 
 changes in the frequency or amount of dividends or share repurchases; 
 proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 
 investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; 
 trading activities in our common stock, including short-selling; 
 domestic and local economic factors unrelated to our performance; and 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry. 
 A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual stockholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation. 
 The Trading Volume in Our Common Stock Has Been Low, and the Sale of a Substantial Number of Shares of Our Common Stock in the Public Market Could Depress the Price of Our Common Stock and Make it Difficult for You to Sell Your Shares . Our common stock is listed to trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, but is thinly traded. As a result, you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock on short notice. Additionally, thinly traded stock can be more volatile than stock trading in an active public market. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock at one time could temporarily depress the market price of our common stock, making it difficult for you to sell your shares and impairing our ability to raise capital. 
 Our Common Stock is Not Insured by Any Governmental Entity . Our common stock is not a deposit account or other obligation of any bank and is not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental entity. 
 Additional Factors . Additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of operations, financial condition or business of the Company and its banking subsidiary include, but are not limited to: (i) adverse publicity, news coverage by the media, or negative reports by brokerage firms, industry and financial analysts regarding the Bank or the Company; and (ii) changes in accounting policies and practices. 
 
 Item 1B . Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 None. 
 
 Item 2 . Properties . 
 Neither the Company nor Union owns or leases any property. The Company's principal offices are located at 132 East High Street, Jefferson City, Missouri 65101. The table below provides a list of the Bank's facilities. 
 23 

Location Approximate Square Footage Owned or Leased Net Book 
 Value at 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 8127 East 171 st Street, Belton, MO 
 13,000 Owned 1,276 910 West Buchanan Street, California, MO 2,270 Owned 288 102 North Second Street, Clinton, MO 11,524 Owned 1,097 1400 East Ohio Street, Clinton, MO 13,551 Owned 2,313 1712 East Ohio Street, Clinton, MO (inside a Walmart store) 540 Leased (1) 37 803 E. Walnut St, Columbia, MO 9,698 Leased (2) 995 1110 Club Village Drive, Columbia, MO 5,000 Owned 1,162 115 South 2 nd Street, Drexel, MO 
 4,000 Owned 68 100 Plaza Drive, Harrisonville, MO 4,000 Owned 472 17430 East 39 th Street, Independence, MO 
 4,070 Owned 456 220 West White Oak, Independence, MO 1,800 Owned 20 132 East High Street, Jefferson City, MO 34,800 Owned 2,117 3701 West Truman Blvd, Jefferson City, MO 21,000 Owned 306 211 West Dunklin Street, Jefferson City, MO 2,500 Owned 1,336 800 Eastland Drive, Jefferson City, MO 4,100 Owned 523 3600 Amazonas Drive, Jefferson City, MO 26,000 Owned 2,008 300 S.W. Longview Blvd, Lee's Summit, MO 11,700 Owned 1,615 5 Victory lane, Suite 203 204, Liberty, MO 1,667 Leased (3) N/A 335 Chestnut, Osceola, MO 1,580 Owned 55 595 VFW Memorial Drive, St. Robert, MO 2,236 Owned 59 321 West Battlefield, Springfield, MO 12,500 Owned 961 1891 Commercial Drive, Warsaw, MO 11,000 Owned 1,258 12250 Weber Hill Rd Suite 125, St. Louis, MO 2,253 Leased (4) N/A 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The term of this lease began in February 2019 and ends in January 2024. 
 (2) The term of this lease began in July 2018 and ends in July 2028. 
 (3) The term of this lease began in May 2022 and ends in April 2023. 
 (4) The term of this lease began in November 2020 and ends in December 2023. 
 Management believes that the current condition of each of the Bank's facilities is adequate for its business and that such facilities are adequately covered by insurance. 
 
 Item 3 . Legal Proceedings . 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Company's consolidated financial statements, included in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 Not applicable 
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Executive officers of the Company are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to all executive officers of the Company. 
 24 

Name Age Position David T. Turner 66 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen E. Guthrie 66 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke 57 Senior Vice President, Secretary and Director 
 The business experience of the executive officers of the Company for the last five years is as follows: 
 David T. Turner has served as a director of the Company and of the Bank (or of its constituent predecessors) since January 1997. He has served as president of the Company since March 2002 and as chairman and chief executive officer of the Company since January 2011. He also currently serves as chairman, chief executive officer and president of the Bank. Mr. Turner served as vice chairman of the Company from June 1998 through March 2002 and as senior vice president of the Company from 1993 until June 1998. He served as president of a predecessor to the Bank from January 1997 through March 2002 when he assumed the position of chairman, chief executive officer and president. He served as senior vice president of that same predecessor from June 1992 through December 1996 and as its vice president from 1985 until June 1992. 
 Stephen E. Guthrie has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and of the Bank since May 2020. Prior to joining the Company, he most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Landmark Bank in Columbia, Missouri, the wholly-owned subsidiary of The Landrum Company, from 2010 to 2020. The Landrum Company was recently acquired by Simmons First National Corporation, holding company for Simmons Bank. Mr. Guthrie served as Senior Vice President, Internal Audit and Risk Controls for Capmark Finance Inc. from September 2006 to May 2010. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Guthrie served as Vice President, Internal Audit and Corporate Security for AT T Corp. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Guthrie served as Vice President, Auditing Services for Pharmacia Corporation. From 1979 to 2000 Mr. Guthrie served in various capacities with Monsanto Company, serving as Chief Financial Officer of Monsanto Canada, Inc. from 1999 to 2000. Mr. Guthrie is a licensed CPA. 
 Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke has served as a director of our Company and of the Bank since March 2017 and as Chief Operating Officer of the Bank since January 2017. From October 2014 until December 2016 she served as Columbia Market President of Hawthorn Bank. She has served as Senior Vice President and Secretary of the Company since November 1997 and as Chief Risk Officer of the Company since June 2006. From January 1992 until November 1997, she served as Internal Auditor of the Bank (or of one of its constituent predecessors). Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Bruegenhemke served as a Commissioned Bank Examiner for the FDIC. Ms. Bruegenhemke is a certified public accountant and possesses considerable expertise in overseeing various finance, regulatory compliance and risk management aspects of community banking, which she attained through over 30 years of service, first as a bank regulator and then as a dedicated employee of the Bank. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which such executive officer was selected as an officer. 
 25 

PART II 
 
 Item 5 . Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(2) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item, other than that referred to below, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Market Price of and Dividends on Equity Securities and Related Matters" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 We refer you to Item 12 of this report under the caption "Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans" for certain equity plan information. 
 The Company's Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined by applicable rules of the SEC) of shares the Company's common stock during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company's 2019 Repurchase Plan was amended during the second quarter of 2021 to authorize the purchase of up to 5.0 million in market value of the Company's common stock. Management was given discretion to determine the number and pricing of the shares to be purchased, as well as the timing of any such purchases. As of December 31, 2022, 2.1 million remained for share repurchase pursuant to that authorization. 
 Recent Issuance of Securities 
 None. 

Item 6 . [Reserved] . 

Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(2) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report, including information included or incorporated by reference in this report, contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, strategy, future performance and business of the Company and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation: 
 statements that are not historical in nature, and 
 statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believes," "expects," "may," "will," "should," "could," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends" or similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to, among others, the following factors: 
 competitive pressures among financial services companies may increase significantly, 
 changes in the interest rate environment may reduce interest margins, 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in Missouri, may be less favorable than expected and may adversely affect the quality of the Company's loans and other assets, 
 increases in non-performing assets in the Company's loan portfolios and adverse economic conditions may necessitate increases to the provisions for loan losses, 
 costs or difficulties related to the integration of the business of the Company and its acquisition targets may be greater than expected, 
 26 

legislative, regulatory, or tax law changes may adversely affect the business in which the Company and its subsidiaries are engaged, and 
 changes may occur in the securities markets. 
 We have described additional factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements, which factors are identified in Item 1A of this report under the heading "Risk Factors." Other factors that we have not identified in this report could also have this effect. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, which speak only as of the date such statement is made. Except as otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 The Company's exposure to market risk is reviewed on a regular basis by our Bank's asset/liability committee and board of directors. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic losses due to future interest rate changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net interest income and/or a loss of current fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximizing income. Management realizes certain risks are inherent and that the goal is to identify and minimize those risks. 
 Tools used by the Bank's management include modeling the effects on net interest income under different rate shock scenarios. At December 31, 2022, the Company's rate shock scenario models indicated that annual net interest income could change by as much as 3.01 or 5.80 should interest rates rise or fall, respectively, 200 basis points from their current level over a one-year period. These levels of interest rate risk are within limits set by the board in the Company's Funds Management, Investment Asset Liability Policy and Management believes this is an acceptable level of interest rate risk. However, there are no assurances that the change will not be more or less than this estimate. 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(2) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item, other than that provided above, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(2) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the report of the independent registered public accounting firm and the information under the caption "Consolidated Financial Statements" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Item 9 . Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures . 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this annual report, the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based on that evaluation, the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's principal executive officer and 
 27 

principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based upon its assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting, is effective based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 Management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 28 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s / KPMG LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri March 29, 2023 
 29 

Item 9B . Other Information . 
 None 
 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10 . Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item, other than that referred to below, is incorporated herein by reference to: 
 (i) the information under the caption "Item 1: Election of Directors--What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected?" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; 
 (ii) the information under the caption "Item 1: Election of Directors--Who are this year's nominees?" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; 
 (iii) the information under the caption "Item 1: Election of Directors--What is the business experience of the nominees and of our continuing board members?" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; 
 (iv) the information under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this report; 
 (v) the information under the caption "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; 
 (vi) the information under the caption "Corporate Governance and Board Matters--Consideration of Director Nominees" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; and 
 (vii) the information under the caption "Corporate Governance and Board Matters--Committees of the Board--Audit Committee" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Company's internet website (www.hawthornbancshares.com) under the "Governance Documents" menu tab and is available for your examination. A copy of this code will be furnished without charge upon written request to Corporate Secretary, Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc., 132 East High Street, Jefferson City, Missouri 65101. Any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code that applies to the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions will be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Item 11 . Executive Compensation . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to: 
 (i) the information under the caption "Executive Compensation and Related Matters" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; and 
 30 

(ii) the information under the caption "Corporate Governance and Board Matters--Director Compensation" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item, other than that presented below, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Ownership of Common Stock" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The Company has no equity compensation plan for its employees pursuant to which options, rights, warrants or other equity awards may be granted. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had no outstanding options, rights or warrants granted under any equity compensation plan. 
 
 Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to: 
 (i) the information under the caption "Related Party Transactions" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; 
 (ii) the information under the caption "Item 1: Election of Directors--What is the structure of our board and how often are directors elected?" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A; and 
 (iii) the information under the caption "Corporate Governance and Board Matters--Committees of the Board" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15 . Exhibits and, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and reports of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, included in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 under the caption "Consolidated Financial Statements", are incorporated herein by reference: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they either are not required or are not applicable or because equivalent information has been included in the financial statements, the notes thereto or elsewhere herein. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K on August 9, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K on January 27, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Description of the Company's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.0 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Specimen certificate representing shares of the Company's 1.00 par value Common Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K/A on June 23, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Form of Change of Control Agreement and schedule of parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period March 31, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. Excess Benefit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K on November 13, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 13 The Company's 202 2 Annual Report to Shareholders (only those portions of this Annual Report to Shareholders which are specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall be deemed to be filed with the Commission). 
 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Company (filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21 List of Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 32 

Exhibit No. Description 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________________ 
 Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be identified by Item 15(a). 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 See exhibits identified above under Item 15(a)3. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 See financial statement schedules identified above under Item 15(a)2, if any. 
 
 Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By /s/ David T. Turner David T. Turner, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David T. Turner and Stephen E. Guthrie, or either of them, his attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date Signature and Title March 29, 2023 /s/ David T. Turner David T. Turner, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Stephen E. Guthrie Stephen E. Guthrie, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 29, 2023 /s/ Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Frank E. Burkhead Frank E. Burkhead, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Philip D. Freeman Philip D. Freeman, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Kevin L. Riley Kevin L. Riley, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Gus S. (Jack) Wetzel III Gus S. (Jack) Wetzel III, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Jonathan D. Holtaway Jonathan D. Holtaway, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Jonathan L. States Jonathan L. States, Director March 29, 2023 /s/ Shawna M. Hettinger Shawna M. Hettinger Director 
 34 

<EX-13>
 2
 hwbk-20221231_d2.htm
 EX-13

hwbk-20221231_d2 

Exhibit 13 
 2022 
 ANNUAL REPORT 
 TO 
 SHAREHOLDERS 
 HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 Jefferson City, Missouri 

March 29, 2023 
 Dear Shareholders: 
 Given the recent events in the banking industry, I d be remiss if I didn t take this opportunity to remind you why I think you have chosen to invest in Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc., the holding company of Hawthorn Bank. We are a Missouri-based community bank with strong roots dating back more than 150 years. Our Midwest values are at the foundation of our style of relationship banking in each of the communities we serve. Our long history and record of success have contributed to our strong financial condition. We maintain levels of capital significantly above the thresholds required to be deemed Well Capitalized . We maintain strong levels of liquidity and have access to multiple other sources of liquidity which allows us to continue our local investment strategy, and provide a backstop if issues arise. The credit quality of our loan portfolio also remains strong and is well diversified. 
 
 While we may see some continued volatility in the weeks ahead, rest assured, Hawthorn Bank is well positioned to operate business as usual and will continue offering the same solid community banking our customers have grown to expect and deserve. 
 
 With that said, I am proud to report to you that the bank performed very well in 2022 and delivered another year of strong financial results. Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. reported net income of 20.8 million, down 1.8 million, or 8 , and 3.06 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.5 million, or 3.27 per diluted share, for the prior year. While our reported net income fell 8 , we were very successful in securing and funding growth in loans of over 16 , or 219 million which will continue to drive positive financial results going forward. The recent and rapid rise in interest rates during 2022 did significantly impact our cost of interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings needed to fund loan growth, a common theme we are seeing in our industry. Our net interest margin, fully taxable equivalent fell to 3.53 for the year 2022, compared to 3.62 for 2021. In 2022 as in 2021, we recorded negative provision expense, even after funding the loan loss reserve for record-setting loan growth in 2022. 
 Total net interest income for 2022 was 58.8 million, an increase of 0.2 million, or 0.4 , from 2021. Included in net interest income is PPP fee income which amounted to 0.4 million in 2022, compared to 5.4 million in the prior year. 
 Total non-interest income for 2022 was 14.0 million, a decrease of 2.8 million, or 16.7 , from 2021. Driving the year-over-year reduction was the decrease in gain on sales of mortgage loans. 
 Total non-interest expense in 2022 was 48.5 million, a decrease of 0.4 million, or 0.9 , from 2021. Driving the year-over-year reduction was the decrease in legal fees due to recognition in 2021 of a one-time financial legal settlement totaling 1.5 million. 
 The bank continues to maintain a strong capital position and finished the year with 10.76 in leverage capital and 13.85 in total risk-based capital, far exceeding the minimum regulatory requirements. 

Cash dividends paid in 2022 of 0.64 per share increased 0.08 per share, or 14 , compared to 0.56 per share in 2021. The Company s Board of Directors approved the Company s quarterly dividend of 0.17 per common share for the first quarter of 2023, payable April 1, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. 
 
 I remain committed to further improving earnings performance, sustaining sound and proper capital levels, and delivering a return to shareholders through payment of a regular dividend, in addition to share repurchases when appropriate. 
 As we begin 2023 with a strong capital base and coming off a year of strong earnings, we look forward to providing accessible and competitive banking services in the communities we serve. We are ever mindful of the fact that the delivery of traditional community banking services is also undergoing significant change in terms of improving the customer experience and delivering all things digital . We are excited about our progress to-date in this regard, and our future initiatives. The Hawthorn Bank services delivery teams, management, Board of Directors and Advisory Board members are committed to continuing the growth of our strong community bank presence and delivering long-term value to our shareholders. 
 We appreciate your support and the referrals you give prospective customers to your bank. 
 Sincerely, 
 
 David T. Turner, 
 Chairman, CEO President 

A WORD CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of the Company, Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company"), and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation: 
 statements that are not historical in nature, and 
 statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believes , expects, may, will, should, could, anticipates, estimates, intends or similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to, among others, the following factors: 
 competitive pressures among financial services companies may increase significantly; 
 changes in the interest rate environment may reduce interest margins; 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in Missouri, may be less favorable than expected and may adversely affect the quality of our loans and other assets; 
 increases in non-performing assets in the Company's loan portfolios and adverse economic conditions may necessitate increases to our provisions for loan losses; 
 costs or difficulties related to the integration of the business of the Company and its acquisition targets may be greater than expected; 
 legislative, regulatory, or tax law changes may adversely affect the business in which the Company and its subsidiaries are engaged; 
 credit and market risks relating to increasing inflation, rising interest rates and the current recessionary economic environment; 
 changes may occur in the securities markets; 
 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any resurgence thereof, or other external events may adversely affect the Company; 
 changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, including after implementation of the credit impairment model for Current Expected Credit Losses CECL 
 the continued use, availability, and reliability of LIBOR and the risks related to the transition from LIBOR to any alternate reference rate we may use; and 
 our ability to maintain liquidity, primarily through deposits, in light of recent events in the banking industry. 
 In addition to the disclosure in this report, we have described additional factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements under the caption Risk Factors in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Other factors that have not been identified in this report or such other reports could also have this effect. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, which speak only as of the date they were made. 
 2 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 Crucial to the Company's community banking strategy is growth in its commercial banking services, retail mortgage lending and retail banking services. Through the branch network of its subsidiary bank, Hawthorn Bank (the "Bank"), the Company, with 1.9 billion in assets at December 31, 2022, provides a broad range of commercial and personal banking services. The Bank's specialties include commercial banking for small and mid-sized businesses, including equipment, operating, commercial real estate, Small Business Administration ("SBA") loans, and personal banking services including real estate mortgage lending, installment and consumer loans, certificates of deposit, individual retirement and other time deposit accounts, checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts. Other financial services that the Company provides include trust services that include estate planning, investment and asset management services and a comprehensive suite of cash management services. The geographic areas in which the Company provides products and services include the Missouri communities in and surrounding Jefferson City, Columbia, Clinton, Warsaw, Springfield, St. Louis, and the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. 
 The Company's primary source of revenue is net interest income derived primarily from lending and deposit taking activities. Much of the Company's business is commercial, commercial real estate development, and residential mortgage lending. The Company's income from mortgage brokerage activities is directly dependent on mortgage rates and the level of home purchases and refinancing activity. 
 The success of the Company's growth strategy depends primarily on the ability of its banking subsidiary to generate an increasing level of loans and deposits at acceptable risk levels and on acceptable terms without significant increases in non-interest expenses relative to revenues generated. The Company's financial performance also depends, in part, on its ability to manage various portfolios and to successfully introduce additional financial products and services by expanding new and existing customer relationships, utilizing improved technology, and enhancing customer satisfaction. Furthermore, the success of the Company's growth strategy depends on its ability to maintain sufficient regulatory capital levels during periods in which general economic conditions are unfavorable and despite economic conditions being beyond its control. 
 The Company's subsidiary bank is a full-service bank that conducts general banking business, offering its customers checking and savings accounts, debit cards, certificates of deposit, safety deposit boxes and a wide range of lending services, including commercial and industrial loans, residential real estate loans, single payment personal loans, installment loans and credit card accounts. In addition, the Bank provides trust and brokerage services. 
 The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") to the extent provided by law. The operations of the Bank are supervised and regulated by the FDIC and the Missouri Division of Finance. Periodic examinations of the Bank are conducted by representatives of the FDIC and the Missouri Division of Finance. Such regulations, supervision and examinations are principally for the benefit of depositors, rather than for the benefit of shareholders. The Company is subject to supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 Significant Developments and Transactions 
 Each item listed below materially affects the comparability of our results of operations for each of the years in the three-years ended December 31, 2022, and our financial condition as of December 31 for each of the three-years ended, and may affect the comparability of financial information we report in future fiscal periods. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The following accounting policies are considered most critical to the understanding of the Company's financial condition and results of operations. These critical accounting policies require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Because these estimates and judgments are based on current circumstances, they may change over time or prove to be inaccurate based on actual experiences. In the event that different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, and depending upon the severity of such changes, the possibility of a materially different financial condition and/or results of operations could reasonably be expected. The impact and any associated risks related to the Company's critical accounting policies on its business operations are discussed throughout Management's 
 3 

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , where such policies affect the reported and expected financial results. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Management has identified the accounting policy related to the allowance for loan losses as critical to the understanding of the Company's results of operations, since the application of this policy requires significant management assumptions and estimates that could result in materially different amounts to be reported if conditions or underlying circumstances were to change. The Company s allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The policy is designed to maintain the allowance at a level sufficient to absorb reasonably estimated and probable losses within the portfolio. A mathematical calculation of an estimate is made to assist in determining the adequacy and reasonableness of management s recorded allowance for loan losses. 
 The Company s methodology includes qualitative risk factors that allow management to adjust its estimates of losses based on the most recent information available and to address other limitations in the quantitative component that is based on historical loss rates. Such risk factors are generally reviewed and updated quarterly, as appropriate, and are adjusted to reflect changes in national and local economic conditions and developments, the nature, volume and terms of loans in the portfolio, including changes in volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans, loan concentrations, assessment of trends in collateral values, assessment of changes in the quality of the Company s internal loan review department, and changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices. 
 The ending result of this process is a recorded consolidated allowance for loan losses that represents management s best estimate of the total incurred losses included in the loan portfolio considering available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Company s control, including the performance of its portfolios, the economy, and changes in interest rates. As such, significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on the Company s Provision for credit losses and allowance for loan losses reported in its Consolidated Income Statements and Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 Further discussion of the methodology used in establishing the allowance and the impact of any associated risks related to these policies on the Company's business operations is provided in Note 1 to the Company's consolidated financial statements and is also discussed in the Lending and Credit Management section below. 
 4 

Consolidated Financial Highlights 
 The Company has prepared all of the consolidated financial information in this report in accordance with United States ("U.S.") generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). In preparing the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, the Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. There can be no assurances that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
 For the years ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Statement of income information: Total interest income 69,256 64,454 62,985 Total interest expense 10,493 5,909 9,722 Net interest income 58,763 58,545 53,263 (Release of) provision for loan losses (900) (1,700) 5,800 Non-interest income 13,978 16,786 14,973 Investment securities (losses) gains, net (14) 149 61 Non-interest expense 48,538 48,966 45,021 Pre-tax income 25,089 28,214 17,476 Income taxes 4,338 5,697 3,183 Net income 20,751 22,517 14,293 Basic earnings per share 3.06 3.27 2.04 Diluted earnings per share 3.06 3.27 2.04 Efficiency ratio (1) 66.73 65.00 65.98 Net interest spread 3.26 3.45 3.25 Net interest margin 3.53 3.62 3.48 
 
 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Key financial ratios: Book value per share 18.76 21.66 18.64 Market price per share 21.77 24.94 20.25 Cash dividends paid on common stock 4,240 3,616 3,030 Common stock dividend 6,865 5,385 3,829 Return on average assets 1.16 1.30 0.88 Return on average common equity 15.94 16.46 11.74 Average stockholders' equity to average total assets 7.27 7.89 7.48 
 1. Efficiency ratio is calculated as non-interest expense as a percentage of revenue. Total revenue includes net interest income and non-interest income. 
 5 

As of and for the years ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Asset Quality Ratios Net-charge-offs (recoveries) 415 (490) 164 Non-performing loans 18,701 25,473 34,576 Classified assets 95,137 108,322 144,368 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 1.02 1.30 1.41 Non-performing loans to total loans 1.23 1.96 2.69 Non-performing assets to total loans 1.81 2.76 3.64 Non-performing assets to total assets 1.43 1.97 2.70 Performing TDRs to loans 0.11 0.14 0.22 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 83.35 66.36 52.39 Capital Ratios Stockholders' equity to assets 6.62 8.13 7.53 Total risk-based capital ratio 13.85 14.79 14.97 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 12.52 13.59 13.37 Common equity Tier 1 capital 9.89 10.22 10.00 Tier 1 leverage ratio (1) 10.76 11.01 10.19 Balance sheet information: Total assets 1,923,540 1,831,550 1,733,731 Loans held for investment 1,521,252 1,302,133 1,286,967 Allowance for loan losses (15,588) (16,903) (18,113) Loans held for sale 591 2,249 5,099 Investment securities 257,100 316,278 204,383 Deposits 1,632,079 1,516,820 1,383,606 Total stockholders equity 127,411 148,956 130,589 
 (1) Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by average total consolidated assets and still accruing interest. 

Results of Operations Highlights 
 Consolidated net income decreased 1.8 million to 20.8 million, or 3.06 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 22.5 million, or 3.27 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the return on average assets ("ROA") was 1.16 , the return on average stockholders' equity ("ROE") was 15.94 , and the efficiency ratio was 66.7 . 
 Consolidated net income increased 8.2 million to 22.5 million, or 3.27 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 14.3 million, or 2.04 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the ROA was 1.30 , the ROE was 16.46 , and the efficiency ratio 65.0 . 
 Net interest income was 58.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 58.5 million and 53.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The net interest margin was 3.53 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.62 and 3.48 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Provision expense. The Company recognized a negative provision expense for loan losses of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a negative provision expense of 1.7 million and a provision expense of 5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The negative provision expense in 2022 and 2021 primarily resulted from returning significant loan balances to accrual status from non-accrual status. Uncertain economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the recognition of provision expense in 2020. 
 6 

Non-interest income decreased 2.8 million, or 16.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 1.8 million, or 12.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. These changes are discussed in greater detail below under the Non-interest Income and Expense section . 
 Non-interest expense decreased 0.4 million, or 0.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 3.9 million, or 8.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. These changes are discussed in greater detail below under the Non-interest Income and Expense section . 
 Balance Sheet Highlights 
 Loans Loans held for investment increased 219.1 million, or 16.8 , to 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2021, and increased 15.2 million, or 1.2 , to 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2021 compared to 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
 Asset quality Non-performing loans decreased 6.8 million to 18.7 million, or 1.23 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 compared to 25.5 million, or 1.96 of total loans, at December 31, 2021, and decreased 9.1 million to 25.5 million, or 1.96 of total loans, at December 31, 2021 compared to 34.6 million, or 2.69 of total loans, at December 31, 2020. The reduction in non-performing loans primarily resulted from non-accrual loan relationships returning to accrual status in both 2022 and 2021. 
 The allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.02 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.30 at December 31, 2021 and 1.41 at December 31, 2020. The Company's net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 0.4 million, or 0.03 of average loans compared to net recoveries of 0.5 million, or 0.04 of average loans for the year ended December 31, 2021, and net charge-offs of 0.2 million, or 0.01 of average loans for the year ended December 31, 2020. See the Lending and Credit Management section below for further discussion. 
 Deposit s Total deposits increased 115.3 million, or 7.6 , equal to 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2021, and increased 133.2 million, or 9.6 , to 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2021 compared to 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
 Capital Total shareholder s equity was 127.4 million and the common equity to assets ratio was 6.62 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 8.13 and 7.53 at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Regulatory capital ratios remain well-capitalized, with a tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.76 and a total risk-based capital ratio of 13.85 at December 31, 2022. 
 7 

Average Balance Sheets 
 Net interest income is the largest source of revenue resulting from the Company's lending, investing, borrowing, and deposit gathering activities. It is affected by both changes in the level of interest rates and changes in the amounts and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The following table presents average balance sheets, net interest income, average yields of earning assets, average costs of interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread and net interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent basis for each of the years in the three-year periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The average balances used in this table and other statistical data were calculated using average daily balances. 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense (1) Rate Earned/ Paid (1) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense (1) Rate Earned/ Paid (1) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense (1) Rate Earned/ Paid (1) ASSETS Loans: (2) (3) Commercial 236,228 12,320 5.22 245,779 15,527 6.32 264,160 13,012 4.93 Real estate construction - residential 24,766 1,296 5.23 34,357 1,662 4.84 26,184 1,360 5.19 Real estate construction - commercial 115,424 5,307 4.60 78,068 3,577 4.58 85,132 4,004 4.70 Real estate mortgage - residential 313,926 13,736 4.38 267,722 11,461 4.28 252,898 11,933 4.72 Real estate mortgage - commercial 692,712 29,881 4.31 631,612 26,665 4.22 586,188 27,103 4.62 Installment and other consumer 23,237 847 3.65 24,681 979 3.97 29,409 1,232 4.19 Total loans 1,406,293 63,387 4.51 1,282,219 59,871 4.67 1,243,971 58,644 4.71 Loans held for sale 1,738 90 5.18 3,947 102 2.58 7,876 120 1.52 Investment securities: U.S. Treasury 3,538 40 1.13 3,088 18 0.58 1,792 24 1.34 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 25,709 362 1.41 22,562 364 1.61 39,572 779 1.97 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 115,132 4,112 3.57 97,632 2,953 3.02 44,410 1,285 2.89 Mortgage-backed securities 116,061 1,996 1.72 127,225 1,719 1.35 97,905 1,687 1.72 Other debt securities 12,889 644 5.00 11,985 578 4.82 8,294 426 5.14 Total investment securities 273,329 7,154 2.62 262,492 5,632 2.15 191,973 4,201 2.19 Other investment securities 5,627 269 4.78 5,911 301 5.09 6,646 343 5.16 Federal funds sold 1,724 6 0.35 10,150 8 0.08 12,267 161 1.31 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 31,955 414 1.30 103,719 337 0.32 97,851 507 0.52 Total interest-earning assets 1,720,666 71,320 4.14 1,668,438 66,251 3.97 1,560,584 63,976 4.10 All other assets 86,918 85,014 83,923 Allowance for loan losses (15,581) (18,751) (15,771) Total assets 1,792,003 1,734,701 1,628,736 Average Balance Sheets (continued) 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense(1) Rate Earned/ Paid(1) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense(1) Rate Earned/ Paid(1) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense(1) Rate Earned/ Paid(1) LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Savings 180,122 61 0.03 157,549 54 0.03 117,598 55 0.05 Now accounts 252,842 1,627 0.64 231,742 536 0.23 196,895 659 0.33 Interest checking 64,473 1,786 2.77 42,067 188 0.45 53,090 400 0.75 Money market 297,153 1,535 0.52 281,254 335 0.12 279,071 744 0.27 Time deposits 261,834 2,140 0.82 255,289 2,021 0.79 301,677 3,994 1.32 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,056,424 7,149 0.68 967,901 3,134 0.32 948,331 5,852 0.62 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 7,982 51 0.64 34,449 87 0.25 34,026 146 0.43 Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings 80,867 1,268 1.57 92,259 1,461 1.58 117,214 2,199 1.88 Subordinated notes 49,486 2,072 4.19 49,486 1,227 2.48 49,486 1,527 3.09 Total borrowings 138,335 3,391 2.45 176,194 2,775 1.57 200,726 3,872 1.93 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,194,759 10,540 0.88 1,144,095 5,909 0.52 1,149,057 9,724 0.85 Demand deposits 454,931 436,434 339,385 Other liabilities 12,102 17,347 18,522 Total liabilities 1,661,792 1,597,876 1,506,964 Stockholders' equity 130,211 136,825 121,772 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 1,792,003 1,734,701 1,628,736 Net interest income (FTE) 60,780 60,342 54,252 Net interest spread 3.26 3.45 3.25 Net interest margin 3.53 3.62 3.48 
 (1) Interest income and yields are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , net of nondeductible interest expense, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such adjustments totaled 2.1 million, 1.8 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Non-accruing loans are included in the average amounts outstanding. 
 (3) Fees and costs on loans are included in interest income 0.4 million, 5.4 million, and 1.8 million of PPP fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were included in commercial loan income). 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 
 The following table summarizes the changes in net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis, by major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, identifying changes related to volumes and rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020. The change in interest due to the combined rate/volume variance has been allocated to rate and volume changes in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of change in each. 
 2022 2021 Change due to Change due to (In thousands) Total Change Average Volume Average Rate Total Change Average Volume Average Rate Interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis: (1) Loans: (2) (3) Commercial (3,207) (584) (2,623) 2,515 (956) 3,471 Real estate construction - residential (366) (493) 127 302 401 (99) Real estate construction - commercial 1,730 1,718 12 (428) (326) (102) Real estate mortgage - residential 2,275 2,018 257 (472) 674 (1,146) Real estate mortgage - commercial 3,216 2,623 593 (437) 2,014 (2,451) Installment and other consumer (132) (55) (77) (253) (190) (63) Loans held for sale (12) (78) 66 (18) (77) 59 Investment securities: U.S. Treasury 22 3 19 (6) 12 (18) U.S. government and federal agency obligations (2) 47 (49) (415) (292) (123) Obligations of states and political subdivisions 1,159 576 583 1,668 1,607 61 Mortgage-backed securities 277 (161) 438 32 442 (410) Other debt securities 66 45 21 152 179 (27) Other investment securities (32) (14) (18) (42) (37) (5) Federal funds sold (2) (11) 9 (153) (24) (129) Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 77 (359) 436 (170) 29 (199) Total interest income 5,069 5,275 (206) 2,275 3,456 (1,181) Interest expense: Savings 7 7 (1) 16 (17) NOW accounts 1,091 53 1,038 (123) 103 (226) Interest checking 1,598 150 1,448 (212) (72) (140) Money market 1,200 20 1,180 (409) 6 (415) Time deposits 119 52 67 (1,973) (546) (1,427) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (36) (100) 64 (59) 2 (61) Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings (193) (179) (14) (738) (426) (312) Subordinated notes 845 845 (300) (300) Total interest expense 4,631 3 4,628 (3,815) (917) (2,898) Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis 438 5,272 (4,834) 6,090 4,373 1,717 
 (1) Interest income and yields are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , net of nondeductible interest expense, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such adjustments totaled 2.1 million, 1.8 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Non-accruing loans are included in the average amounts outstanding. 
 (3) Fees and costs on loans are included in interest income 0.4 million, 5.4 million, and 1.8 million of PPP fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were included in commercial loan income). 
 Financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected an increase in net interest income, on a tax equivalent basis, of 0.4 million, or 0.7 , and financial results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 reflected an increase of 6.1 million, or 11.2 . 
 Measured as a percentage of average earning assets, the net interest margin (expressed on a fully taxable equivalent basis) was 3.53 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.62 and 3.48 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The increase in net interest income and decrease in net interest margin for 2022 compared to 2021 resulted from higher interest income from loan growth of 9.7 and a 4.1 increase in the investment portfolio, offset by higher interest expense for interest bearing liabilities and a reduction of fee income from loans under the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"). The increase in net interest income and net interest margin for 2021 over 2020 was primarily due to an increase in PPP income and a decrease in rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities. The Company earned 0.4 million in 2022 compared to 5.4 million and 1.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, in PPP fees. 
 Average interest-earning assets increased 52.2 million, or 3.1 , to 1.72 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.67 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, and average interest-bearing liabilities increased 50.7 million, or 4.4 , to 1.19 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.14 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Average interest-earning assets increased 107.9 million, or 6.9 , to 1.67 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.56 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020, and average interest-bearing liabilities decreased 5.0 million, or 0.4 , to 1.14 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.15 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Total interest income (expressed on a fully taxable equivalent basis) increased to 71.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 66.3 million and 64.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company's rates earned on interest-earning assets were 4.14 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.97 and 4.10 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest income on loans held for investment increased to 63.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 59.9 million and 58.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Average loans outstanding increased 124.1 million, or 9.7 , to 1.41 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.28 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The average yield on loans receivable decreased to 4.51 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.67 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Average loans outstanding increased 38.2 million, or 3.1 , to 1.28 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.24 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020. The average yield on loans receivable decreased to 4.67 during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 4.71 for the year ended December 31, 2020. See the Lending and Credit Management section for further discussion of changes in the composition of the lending portfolio. 
 Interest income on available-for-sale securities increased to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.6 million and 4.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Average securities increased 10.8 million, or 4.1 , to 273.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 262.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The average yield on securities increased to 2.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.15 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Average securities increased 70.5 million, or 36.7 , to 262.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 192.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The average yield on securities decreased to 2.15 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2.19 for the year ended December 31, 2020. See the Liquidity Management section for further discussion. 
 Total interest expense was 10.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.9 million and 9.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company's rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.88 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.52 and 0.85 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See the Liquidity Management section for further discussion. 
 Interest expense on deposits was 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.1 million and 5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Average interest-bearing deposits increased 88.5 million, or 9.1 , to 1.06 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 967.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The average cost of deposits increased to 0.68 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.32 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Average interest-bearing deposits increased 19.6 million, or 2.1 , to 967.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 948.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The average cost of deposits decreased to 0.32 during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 0.62 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Interest expense on borrowings was 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.8 million and 3.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Average borrowings were 138.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 176.2 million and 200.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average cost of borrowings increased to 2.45 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.57 and 1.93 for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in cost of funds is consistent with increases in prime resulting from higher market interest rates. 
 The decrease in average borrowings from 2021 compared to 2022 and 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines ("FHLB"). The Company will continue to use FHLB advances as a source of funding when conditions warrant. See the Liquidity Management section for further discussion. 
 
 Non-interest Income and Expense 
 Non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was as follows: 
 Change Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 '22-'21 '21-'20 Non-interest income Service charges and other fees 3,002 3,094 2,955 (92) 139 (3.0) 4.7 Bank card income and fees 4,083 3,957 3,201 126 756 3.2 23.6 Trust department income 1,184 1,324 1,185 (140) 139 (10.6) 11.7 Real estate servicing fees, net 1,004 580 (49) 424 629 73.1 (1,283.7) Gain on sales of mortgage loans, net 2,661 7,165 7,109 (4,504) 56 (62.9) 0.8 Other 2,044 666 572 1,378 94 206.9 16.4 Total non-interest income 13,978 16,786 14,973 (2,808) 1,813 (16.7) 12.1 Non-interest income as a of total revenue 19.2 22.3 21.9 
 Total revenue is calculated as net interest income plus non-interest income. 
 Total non-interest income decreased 2.8 million, or (16.7) , to 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 1.8 million, or 12.1 , to 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Bank card income and fees increased 0.1 million, or 3.2 , to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.8 million, or 23.6 , to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increases were primarily related to increases in debit card usage and interchange fees. As the economy began to recover from the COVID 19 pandemic, the Company began to see an increase in spending due to both stimulus income and a reduction of conservative savings due to the uncertainty of the pandemic. 
 Real estate servicing fees, net of the change in valuation of mortgage servicing rights was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.6 million and (0.05) million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, mortgage rates significantly increased to over 6.0 for a new thirty-year conforming mortgage, and the discount rates used in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights increased as yields and risk increased contributing to increase in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights in 2022 compared to 2021. When comparing the change from 2021 to 2020, the dramatic drop in market interest rates in 2020 created an economic incentive for borrowers to refinance their existing home mortgage loans that slowed in 2021. 
 Mortgage loan servicing fees earned on loans sold were 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.8 million and 0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company was servicing 
 8 

240.5 million of mortgage loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 270.0 million and 292.7 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Gain on sales of mortgage loans decreased 4.5 million to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.1 million to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company sold loans totaling 87.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 206.6 million and 195.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company experienced strong sales in the secondary market in 2020 that slowed during the fourth quarter of 2021 as market rates continued to rise throughout 2022. 
 Other income increased 1.4 million to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.1 million to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in the year ended December 31, 2022 over the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily resulted from an increase in the interest component of net pension cost and a decrease in the valuation allowance for other real estate owned, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage loan derivative income. 
 
 Investment Securities Gains (Losses), Net 
 The following table presents the gross unrealized gains and losses from sales and calls of available-for-sale securities, as well as gains and losses on equity securities from fair value adjustments which have been recognized in earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 : 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Available-for-sale securities: Gains realized on sales 122 49 Losses realized on sales (8) Other-than-temporary impairment recognized Other investment securities: Fair value adjustments, net (14) 27 20 Investment securities gains (losses), net (14) 149 61 

Non-interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was as follows: 
 Change Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 '22-'21 '21-'20 '22-'21 '21-'20 Non-interest expense Salaries 20,613 20,717 19,765 (104) 952 (0.5) 4.8 Employee benefits 6,445 6,940 6,386 (495) 554 (7.1) 8.7 Occupancy expense, net 3,175 3,075 3,069 100 6 3.3 0.2 Furniture and equipment expense 3,054 3,067 3,043 (13) 24 (0.4) 0.8 Processing, network and bank card expense 4,788 4,751 3,864 37 887 0.8 23.0 Legal, examination, and professional fees 1,630 3,024 1,458 (1,394) 1,566 (46.1) 107.4 Advertising and promotion 1,494 1,227 1,095 267 132 21.8 12.1 Postage, printing, and supplies 878 838 897 40 (59) 4.8 (6.6) Loan expense 576 823 1,137 (247) (314) (30.0) (27.6) Other 5,885 4,504 4,307 1,381 197 30.7 4.6 Total non-interest expense 48,538 48,966 45,021 (428) 3,945 (0.9) 8.8 Efficiency ratio 66.7 65.0 66.0 Number of full-time equivalent employees 304 298 299 
 Efficiency ratio is calculated as non-interest expense as a percentage of total revenue. Total revenue includes net interest income and non-interest income. 
 9 

Total non-interest expense decreased 0.4 million, or 0.9 , to 48.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 3.9 million, or 8.8 , to 49.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Salaries decreased 0.1 million, or 0.5 , to 20.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 1.0 million, or 4.8 , to 20.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 over the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to decreases in incentive pay and deferred loan costs related to loan volume. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 over the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to merit increases and incentive pay related to loan volume. 
 Employee benefits decreased 0.5 million, or 7.1 , to 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.6 million, or 8.7 , to 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 over the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in 401(k) plan contributions, medical premiums, and pension cost due to higher annual discount rate assumptions compared to the prior year's annual assumptions. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 over the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to higher pension cost due to lower annual discount rate assumptions compared to the prior year's annual assumptions, and an increase in 401(k) plan contributions. 
 Processing, network, and bank card expense increased 0.04 million, or 0.8 , to 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.9 million, or 23.0 , to 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 over the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to increases in credit card and ATM interchange fees partially offset by decreases in network expense. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 over the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to increases in network, processing, and debit card processing expenses. 
 Legal, examination, and professional fees decreased 1.4 million, or 46.1 , to 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 1.6 million, or 107.4 , to 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The changes for the years ended 2022 over 2021 and 2021 over 2020 were related to 1.5 million in legal fees accrued as of December 31, 2021 for a lawsuit that was settled in January 2022. 
 Other non-interest expense increased 1.4 million, or 30.7 , to 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased 0.2 million, or 4.6 , to 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 over the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to the change in the fair value of mortgage banking derivatives, as well as increases in insurance expense, telephone, donations, and software expense related to network upgrades and maintenance agreements. The increase in the year ended December 31, 2021 over the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to increases in FDIC assessment expense, deposit product expense, software expense related to new mortgage loan software, and telephone and internet expense related to a bank-wide telephone system upgrade and new system providers. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes as a percentage of earnings before income taxes as reported in the consolidated financial statements were 17.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20.2 and 18.2 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the decrease in earnings, increase in tax-exempt income, and the benefit recorded pertaining to the historical tax credit. The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to an increase in earnings and an increase in state taxes attributed to elevated earnings. The effective tax rate for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax-free revenues. 
 
 16 

Lending and Credit Management 
 Interest earned on the loan portfolio is a primary source of interest income for the Company. Net loans represented 78.3 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 compared to 70.2 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Lending activities are conducted pursuant to an established loan policy approved by the Bank's Board of Directors. The Bank's credit review process is overseen by regional loan committees with established loan approval limits. In addition, a senior loan committee reviews all credit relationships in aggregate over an established dollar amount. The senior loan committee meets weekly and is comprised of senior managers of the Bank. 
 A summary of loans, by major class within the Company's loan portfolio: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial, financial, and agricultural (a) 244,549 217,214 Real estate construction residential 
 32,095 27,920 Real estate construction commercial 
 137,235 91,369 Real estate mortgage residential 
 361,025 279,346 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 722,729 663,256 Installment and other consumer 23,619 23,028 Total loans 1,521,252 1,302,133 Percent of categories to total loans: Commercial, financial, and agricultural 16.1 16.7 Real estate construction residential 
 2.1 2.1 Real estate construction commercial 
 9.0 7.0 Real estate mortgage residential 
 23.7 21.5 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 47.5 50.9 Installment and other consumer 1.6 1.8 Total 100.0 100.0 
 (a) Includes 0.01 million and 8.4 million SBA PPP loans, net at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company extends credit to its local community market through traditional real estate mortgage products. The Company does not participate in credit extensions to sub-prime residential real estate markets. The Company does not lend funds for the type of transactions defined as highly leveraged by bank regulatory authorities or for foreign loans. Additionally, the Company does not have any concentrations of loans exceeding 10 of total loans that are not otherwise disclosed in the loan portfolio composition table. The Company does not have any interest-earning assets that would have been included in non-accrual, past due, or restructured loans if such assets were loans. 

17 

The contractual maturities of loan categories at December 31, 2022 and the composition of those loans between fixed rate and floating rate loans are as follows: 
 Principal Payments Due (In thousands) One Year Or Less Over One Year Through Five Years Over Five Years Through 15 Years Over 15 Years Total Commercial, financial, and agricultural 76,283 80,303 56,531 31,432 244,549 Real estate construction residential 
 23,619 1,823 1,689 4,964 32,095 Real estate construction commercial 
 29,423 57,980 37,163 12,669 137,235 Real estate mortgage residential 
 18,871 47,243 68,196 226,715 361,025 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 75,167 340,057 164,349 143,156 722,729 Installment and other consumer 3,386 16,212 4,021 23,619 Total loans 226,749 543,618 331,949 418,936 1,521,252 Loans with fixed rates Commercial, financial, and agricultural 21,088 69,510 35,243 833 126,674 Real estate construction residential 
 13,424 806 1,419 15,649 Real estate construction commercial 
 12,240 53,929 32,838 52 99,059 Real estate mortgage residential 
 11,649 42,990 22,137 32,751 109,527 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 52,445 301,495 78,255 6,329 438,524 Installment and other consumer 1,086 16,212 4,021 21,319 Total 111,932 484,942 173,913 39,965 810,752 Loans with floating rates Commercial, financial, and agricultural 55,195 10,793 21,288 30,599 117,875 Real estate construction residential 
 10,195 1,017 270 4,964 16,446 Real estate construction commercial 
 17,183 4,051 4,325 12,617 38,176 Real estate mortgage residential 
 7,222 4,253 46,059 193,964 251,498 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 22,722 38,562 86,094 136,827 284,205 Installment and other consumer 2,300 2,300 Total 114,817 58,676 158,036 378,971 710,500 Total loans 226,749 543,618 331,949 418,936 1,521,252 
 The Company generally does not retain long-term fixed rate residential mortgage loans in its portfolio. Fixed rate loans conforming to standards required by the secondary market are offered to qualified borrowers but are not funded until the Company has a non-recourse purchase commitment from the secondary market at a predetermined price. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold approximately 87.2 million of loans to investors compared to 206.6 million and 195.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company was servicing approximately 240.5 million of loans sold to the secondary market compared to 270.0 million at December 31, 2021, and 292.7 million at December 31, 2020. 
 Risk Elements of the Loan Portfolio 
 Management, the senior loan committee, and the internal loan review department formally review all loans in excess of certain dollar amounts (periodically established) at least annually. Loans in excess of 2.0 million in the aggregate and all adversely classified credits identified by management are reviewed by the senior loan committee. In addition, all other loans are reviewed on a risk weighted selection process. The senior loan committee reviews and reports to the Board of Directors, on a monthly basis, past due, classified, and watch list loans in order to classify or reclassify loans as loans requiring attention, substandard, doubtful, or loss. During this review, management also determines which loans should be considered impaired. Management follows the guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 310-10-35 in identifying and measuring loan impairment. If 
 18 

management determines that it is probable that all amounts due on a loan will not be collected under the original terms of the loan agreement, the loan is considered to be impaired. These loans are evaluated individually for impairment, and in conjunction with current economic conditions and loss experience, specific reserves are estimated as further discussed below. 
 Loans not individually evaluated are aggregated and reserves are recorded using a consistent methodology that considers historical loan loss experience by loan type; loss emergence factors; lending policies and procedures; economic conditions; the nature, volume and terms of the portfolio; lending staff and management; non-accrual loans; the loan review system; collateral values; concentrations of credit; and external factors. Management believes, but there can be no assurance, that these procedures keep management informed of potential problem loans. Based upon these procedures, both the allowance and provision for loan losses are adjusted to maintain the allowance at a level considered necessary by management to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table summarizes nonperforming assets: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Non-accrual loans: Commercial, financial, and agricultural 121 153 Real estate construction commercial 87 105 Real estate mortgage residential 685 1,129 Real estate mortgage commercial 17,801 24,029 Installment and other consumer 6 43 Total 18,700 25,459 Loans contractually past - due 90 days or more and still accruing: Real estate mortgage residential 14 Installment and other consumer 1 Total 1 14 Total non-performing loans (a) 18,701 25,473 Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 8,795 10,525 Total non-performing assets 27,496 35,998 Loans held for investment 1,521,252 1,302,133 Allowance for loan losses to loans 1.02 1.30 Non-accrual loans to total loans 1.23 1.96 Non-performing loans to total loans (a) 1.23 1.96 Non-performing assets to total loans (b) 1.81 2.76 Non-performing assets to total assets (b) 1.43 1.97 Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans 83.36 66.39 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 83.35 66.36 
 (a) Non-performing loans include loans 90 days past due and accruing, non-accrual loans, and non-performing TDRs (defined below) included in non-accrual loans and 90 days past due. 
 (b) Non-performing assets include non-performing loans and other real estate owned and repossessed assets. 
 Total non-performing assets were 27.5 million, or 1.81 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 compared to 36.0 million, or 2.76 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. 
 Total non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 decreased 6.8 million to 18.7 million compared to 25.5 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in non-accrual loans was primarily due to three large non-accrual loan relationships returning to accrual status. The Company's asset quality continues to improve during a turbulent economic environment. 
 19 

Loans past due 90 days and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022, were 1,000 compared to 14,000 at December 31, 2021. Other real estate owned and repossessed assets at December 31, 2022 were 8.8 million compared to 10.5 million at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 0.2 million of non-accrual loans, net of charge-offs taken, moved to other real estate owned and repossessed assets compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12.8 million compared to 13.8 million at December 31, 2021, of loans classified as substandard, which include loans classified as performing troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs") and are not included in the non-performing asset table, were identified as potential problem loans having more than normal risk which raised doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with present loan repayment terms. Management believes the general allowance was sufficient to cover the risks and probable losses related to such loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the Company's TDRs at the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Number of contracts Recorded Investment Specific Reserves Number of contracts Recorded Investment Specific Reserves Performing TDRs Commercial, financial and agricultural 2 174 22 2 188 24 Real estate mortgage residential 6 1,178 61 6 1,262 56 Real estate mortgage commercial 2 309 53 2 328 38 Installment and other consumer 2 17 2 Total performing TDRs 10 1,661 136 12 1,795 120 Non-performing TDRs Real estate mortgage residential 3 219 28 5 561 39 Real estate mortgage commercial 1 48 6 Total non-performing TDRs 4 267 34 5 561 39 Total TDRs 14 1,928 170 17 2,356 159 
 At December 31, 2022, loans classified as TDRs totaled 1.9 million, with 0.2 million of specific reserves compared to 2.4 million of loans classified as TDRs, with 0.2 million of specific reserves at December 31, 2021. Both performing and non-performing TDRs are considered impaired loans. When an individual loan is determined to be a TDR, the amount of impairment is based upon the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or the fair value of the underlying collateral less applicable selling costs if the loan is collateral dependent. The net decrease in total TDRs from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to approximately 0.5 million of payments received on TDRs. 
 20 

Allowance for Loan Losses and Provision 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The following table is a summary of the allocation of the allowance for loan losses: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Amount of loans in each category to total loans Amount of loans in each category to total loans Allocation of allowance for loan losses at end of period: Commercial, financial, and agricultural 2,735 16.1 2,717 16.7 Real estate construction residential 157 2.1 137 2.1 Real estate construction commercial 875 9.0 588 7.0 Real estate mortgage residential 3,329 23.7 2,482 21.5 Real estate mortgage commercial 8,000 47.5 10,662 50.9 Installment and other consumer 326 1.6 256 1.8 Unallocated 166 61 Total 15,588 100.0 16,903 100.0 
 The allowance for loan losses was 15.6 million, or 1.02 , of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.9 million, or 1.30 , of loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans was 83.35 at December 31, 2022, compared to 66.36 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table is a summary of the general and specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Allocation of allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment specific reserves 
 258 3,044 Collectively evaluated for impairment general reserves 
 15,330 13,859 Total 15,588 16,903 
 The specific reserve component applies to loans evaluated individually for impairment. The net carrying value of impaired loans is generally based on the fair values of collateral obtained through independent appraisals and/or internal evaluations, or by discounting the total expected future cash flows. Once the impairment amount is calculated, a specific reserve allocation is recorded. At December 31, 2022, 0.3 million of the Company's allowance for loan losses was allocated to impaired loans totaling approximately 20.4 million, compared to 3.0 million of the Company's allowance for loan losses allocated to impaired loans totaling approximately 27.3 million at December 31, 2021. Management determined that 17.7 million, or 87 , of total impaired loans required no reserve allocation at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.6 million, or 61 , at December 31, 2021, primarily due to adequate collateral values , acceptable payment history and adequate cash flow ability. 
 
 The incurred loss component of the general reserve, or loans collectively evaluated for impairment, is determined by applying loss rates to pools of loans by asset type. Loans not individually evaluated are aggregated by risk characteristics and reserves are recorded using a consistent methodology that considers historical loan loss experienced by loan type. The look-back period begins with loss history in the first quarter of 2012 as the starting point through the current quarter. Management determined that the look-back period should be expanded until a loss producing downturn is recognized. This would be accomplished by allowing the look-back period to shift forward by eliminating the earliest loss period and replenishing it with losses from the most recent period. The look-back period is consistently evaluated for relevance given the current facts and circumstances. 
 21 

These historical loss rates for each risk group are used as the starting point to determine loss rates for measurement purposes. The historical loan loss rates are multiplied by loss emergence periods, which represent the estimated time period between a borrower first experiencing financial difficulty and the recognition of a loss. 
 The Company s methodology includes qualitative risk factors that allow management to adjust its estimates of losses based on the most recent information available and to address other limitations in the quantitative component that is based on historical loss rates. Such risk factors are generally reviewed and updated quarterly, as appropriate, and are adjusted to reflect changes in national and local economic conditions and developments, the nature, volume and terms of loans in the portfolio, including changes in volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans, loan concentrations, assessment of trends in collateral values, assessment of changes in the quality of the Company s internal loan review department, and changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collections, charge-off and recovery practices. 
 The specific and general reserve allocations represent management's best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the evaluation date. Although the allowance for loan losses is comprised of specific and general allocations, the entire allowance is available to absorb any credit losses. 
 The decrease in the allowance for loan losses from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily resulted from transitioning loans impacted by COVID-19 from non-accrual status back to performing status, partially offset by additional loan growth. This transition was made according to the Company s established internal loan policies regarding loan performance as well as outside consultation of industry experts. This transition back to performing status also reduced specific reserves based on the attributes of the individual loan collateral to the general allocations method described above. The Company continues to monitor the risks associated with its non-performing loans. 
 Provision 
 The Company recognized a negative provision expense for loan losses of 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a negative provision expense of 1.7 million and a provision expense of 5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The negative provision expense in 2022 and 2021 primarily resulted from returning significant loan balances to accrual status from non-accrual status. Uncertain economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic impacted the recognition of provision expense in 2020. 
 Net Loan Charge-offs (Recoveries) 
 The Company's net loan charge-offs were 0.4 million, or 0.03 of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net recoveries of 0.5 million, or 0.04 of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table is a summary of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) / Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) / Average Loans Commercial, financial, and agricultural 79 236,228 0.03 (27) 245,779 (0.01) Real estate construction residential 
 24,766 (13) 34,357 (0.04) Real estate construction commercial 
 (22) 115,424 (0.02) (475) 78,068 (0.61) Real estate mortgage residential 
 (45) 313,926 (0.01) (168) 267,722 (0.06) Real estate mortgage commercial 
 170 692,712 0.02 40 631,612 0.01 Installment and other consumer 233 23,237 1.00 153 24,681 0.62 Total 415 1,406,293 0.03 (490) 1,282,219 (0.04) 
 Loans Held For Sale 
 The Company designates certain long-term fixed rate personal real estate loans as held for sale. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company elected the fair value option for all newly originated long-term personal real estate loans held for sale. 
 22 

The loans are primarily sold to Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, and PennyMac and other various secondary-market investors. At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of these loans was 0.6 million compared to 2.2 million at December 31, 2021. 

Investment Portfolio 
 The Company's investment portfolio consists of securities classified as available-for-sale, equity or other. Available-for-sale debt securities, the largest component, are carried at estimated fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses from available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported, net of applicable taxes, as a separate component of stockholders' equity until realized. 
 The Company does not engage in trading activities and, accordingly, does not have any debt or equity securities classified as trading securities. Historically, the Company's practice was to purchase and hold debt instruments until maturity unless special circumstances existed. However, since the investment portfolio's major function is to provide liquidity and to balance the Company's interest rate sensitivity position, all debt securities are now classified as available-for-sale. 
 At December 31, 2022, the investment portfolio classified as available-for-sale represented 13.0 of total consolidated assets. Future levels of investment securities can be expected to vary depending upon liquidity and interest-sensitivity needs, as well as other factors. 
 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 The following table presents the composition of the investment portfolio and related fair value by major category: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 U.S. Treasury 2,152 3,917 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 559 1,319 U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 23,777 26,372 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 109,440 129,224 Mortgaged-backed securities 102,699 136,466 Other debt securities (a) 10,943 12,284 Bank issued trust preferred securities (a) 1,177 1,288 Total available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value 250,747 310,870 
 (a) Certain hybrid instruments possessing characteristics typically associated with debt obligations. 
 23 

As of December 31, 2022, the expected maturity and tax-equivalent yield in the investment portfolio was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 1 Year or Less Yield Over 1 through 5 Years Yield Over 5 through 10 Years Yield Over 10 Years Yield Total Yield U.S. Treasury 556 2.80 1,596 2.87 2,152 2.85 U.S. government and federal agency obligations 559 2.16 559 2.16 U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 4,799 0.50 10,493 1.43 8,485 1.64 23,777 1.32 States and political subdivisions (2) 3,934 1.75 3,454 2.61 7,572 2.12 94,480 2.29 109,440 2.27 Mortgage-backed securities (1) 1,276 2.18 23,805 1.63 77,618 1.82 102,699 1.78 Other debt securities 10,943 4.98 10,943 4.98 Bank issued trust preferred securities 1,177 7.05 1,177 7.05 Total available-for-sale debt securities 9,289 1.17 17,378 1.88 50,805 2.43 173,275 2.11 250,747 2.08 Equity securities Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation 46 3.55 46 3.55 
 (1) Mortgage-backed securities have been included using historic repayment speeds. Repayment speeds were determined from actual portfolio experience during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 calculated separately for each mortgage-backed security. These repayment speeds are not necessarily indicative of future repayment speeds and are subject to change based on changing mortgage interest rates. The tax equivalent yield is calculated on amortized cost using a level yield method and a 21 tax rate. 
 (2) Rates on obligations of states and political subdivisions have been adjusted to fully taxable equivalent rates using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 At December 31, 2022, 12.2 million of debt securities classified as available-for-sale in the table above had variable rate provisions with adjustment periods ranging from one week to 12 months. 
 Other Investment Securities 
 Other investment securities include equity securities with readily determinable fair values and other investments securities that do not have readily determinable fair values. Investments in FHLB stock, and Midwest Independent BankersBank ("MIB") stock, that do not have readily determinable fair values, are required for membership in those organizations. 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 FHLB stock 6,156 5,197 MIB stock 151 151 Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 46 60 Total other investment securities 6,353 5,408 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 The role of liquidity management is to ensure funds are available to meet depositors' withdrawal demands and borrowers' credit demands while at the same time maximizing profitability. This is accomplished by balancing changes in demand for funds with changes in the supply of those funds. Liquidity to meet the demands is provided by maturing assets, short-term liquid assets that can be converted to cash and the ability to attract funds from external sources, principally depositors. Due to the nature of services offered by the Company, management prefers to focus on transaction accounts and full service relationships with customers. 
 The Company's Asset/Liability Committee, primarily made up of senior management, has direct oversight responsibility for the Company's liquidity position and profile. A combination of daily, weekly, and monthly reports provided to management detail the following: internal liquidity metrics, composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, available pricing and market access to the financial markets for capital, and exposure to contingent draws on the Company's liquidity. 
 The Company has a number of sources of funds to meet liquidity needs on a daily basis. The Company's most liquid assets are comprised of available-for-sale investment securities, federal funds sold, and excess reserves held at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Federal funds sold 46 7,122 Other interest-bearing deposits 65,013 135,500 Certificates of deposit in other banks 2,955 5,193 Available-for-sale investment securities 250,747 310,870 Total 318,761 458,685 
 Federal funds sold and resale agreements normally have overnight maturities and are used for general daily liquidity purposes. The fair value of the available-for-sale investment portfolio was 250.7 million at December 31, 2022 and included an unrealized net loss of 46.4 million. The portfolio includes projected maturities and mortgage-backed securities pay-downs of approximately 9.5 million over the next 12 months, which offer resources to meet either new loan demand or reductions in the Company's deposit base. 
 The Company pledges portions of its investment securities portfolio as collateral to secure public fund deposits, federal funds purchase lines, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank, and for other purposes required by law. The Company's unpledged securities in the available-for-sale portfolio totaled approximately 139.2 million and 35.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total investment securities pledged for these purposes were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Investment securities pledged for the purpose of securing: Federal Reserve Bank borrowings 8,563 10,778 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 8,601 28,769 Other deposits 94,432 235,829 Total pledged, at fair value 111,596 275,376 
 Liquidity is available from the Company's base of core customer deposits, defined as demand, interest checking, savings, money market deposit accounts, and time deposits less than 250,000, less all brokered deposits under 250,000. Such deposits totaled 1.5 billion and represented 91.7 of the Company's total deposits at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.4 billion and 94.1 of the Company's total deposits at December 31, 2021. These core deposits are normally less volatile and are often tied to other products of the Company through long lasting relationships. 
 Core deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Core deposit base: Non-interest bearing demand 453,443 453,066 Interest checking 440,611 357,825 Savings and money market 442,856 440,331 Other time deposits 160,175 175,828 Total 1,497,085 1,427,050 
 Maturities of uninsured time deposits with balances over 250,000 as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Due within: Three months or less 40,568 Over three through six months 5,712 Over six through 12 months 34,842 Over 12 months 13,737 Total 94,859 
 Estimated uninsured deposits totaled 420.3 million, including 94.9 million of certificates of deposit, at December 31, 2022, compared to 513.5 million, including 69.1 million of certificates of deposit, at December 31, 2021. The Company had brokered deposits totaling 40.1 million and 20.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other components of liquidity are the level of borrowings from third-party sources and the availability of future credit. The Company's outside borrowings are comprised of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, FHLB advances, and subordinated notes. Federal funds purchased are overnight borrowings obtained mainly from upstream correspondent banks with which the Company maintains approved credit lines. As of December 31, 2022, under agreements with these unaffiliated banks, the Bank may borrow up to 60.0 million in federal funds on an unsecured basis and up to 8.1 million on a secured basis. There were no federal funds purchased outstanding at December 31, 2022. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are generally borrowed overnight and are secured by a portion of the Company's investment portfolio. At December 31, 2022, there were 5.2 million in repurchase agreements. The Company may periodically borrow additional short-term funds from the Federal Reserve Bank through the discount window; although no such borrowings were outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 As a member of the FHLB, the Bank has access to credit products of the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 98.0 million in outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. In addition, the Company has 49.5 million at December 31, 2022 in outstanding subordinated notes issued to wholly owned grantor trusts, funded by preferred securities issued by the trusts. 
 Borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Borrowings: Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 5,187 23,829 FHLB advances 98,000 77,418 Subordinated notes 49,486 49,486 Total 152,673 150,733 
 The Company pledges certain assets, including loans and investment securities to the Federal Reserve Bank, FHLB, and other correspondent banks as security to establish lines of credit and borrow from these entities. Based on the type and value of collateral pledged, the Company may draw advances against this collateral. 
 The following table reflects the advance equivalent of the assets pledged, borrowings, and letters of credit outstanding, in addition to the estimated future funding capacity available to the Company. 
 2022 
 2021 
 (In thousands) FHLB Federal Reserve Bank Federal Funds Purchased Lines Total FHLB Federal Reserve Bank Federal Funds Purchased Lines Total Advance equivalent 355,391 8,058 60,000 423,449 273,479 10,384 60,000 343,863 Letters of credit (47,500) (47,500) (31,000) (31,000) Advances outstanding (98,000) (98,000) (77,418) (77,418) Total available 209,891 8,058 60,000 277,949 165,061 10,384 60,000 235,445 
 At December 31, 2022, loans of 681.8 million were pledged to the FHLB as collateral for borrowings and letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, investments with a market value of 8.6 million were pledged to secure federal funds purchase lines and borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Funds 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 83.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 159.9 million at December 31, 2021. The 76.2 million decrease resulted from changes in the various cash flows produced by operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company, as shown in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash flow provided from operating activities consists mainly of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items. Operating activities provided cash flow of 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Investing activities, consisting mainly of purchases, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, and changes in the level of the loan portfolio, used total cash of 206.5 million. The cash outflow primarily consisted of a net increase in loans held for investment of 219.6 million and 21.3 million in purchases of investment securities partially offset by 33.2 million from maturities and calls and sales of investment securities 
 Financing activities provided cash of 110.1 million, resulting primarily from a 105.2 million increase in interest-bearing transaction accounts, and a 20.6 million increase in net FHLB advances. This was partially offset by a 18.6 million decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Future short-term liquidity needs arising from daily operations are not expected to vary significantly during 2023. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into certain forms of off-balance-sheet transactions, including unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. These transactions are managed through the Company's various risk management processes. Management considers both on-balance sheet and off-balance-sheet transactions in its evaluation of the Company's liquidity. The Company had 444.9 million in unused loan commitments and standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. Although the Company's current liquidity sources are adequate to fund this commitment level, many of the unused commitments are expected to expire or be partially used, and does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 The Company is a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank, which must provide its own liquidity to meet its operating needs. The Company's ongoing liquidity needs primarily include funding its operating expenses and paying cash dividends to its shareholders. The Company paid cash dividends to its common shareholders totaling approximately 4.2 million and 3.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A large portion of the Company's liquidity is obtained from the Bank in the form of dividends. The Bank declared and paid 10.5 million and 7.5 million in dividends to the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling 2.5 million and 1.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Capital Management 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification of the Company and the Bank are subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings, and other factors. 
 In July 2013, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act (the "Basel III Rules"). The phase-in period for the Company began on January 1, 2015. The Federal Reserve System's capital adequacy guidelines require that bank holding companies maintain a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 4.5 of its risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 6 of its risk-weighted assets and a total risk-based capital ratio equal to at least 8 of its risk-weighted assets. In addition, bank holding companies generally are required to maintain a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4 . 
 In addition to the higher requirements, the Basel III Rules established that bank holding companies are required to maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets over and above the minimum risk-based capital requirements. Institutions that do not maintain the required capital buffer will become subject to 
 24 

progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior executive management. The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in over four years beginning in 2016. On January 1, 2016, the first phase of the requirement went into effect at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets, and increased each subsequent year by an additional 0.625 percentage points, to reach its final level of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets on January 1, 2019. At December 31, 2019, the capital conservation buffer requirement of 2.5 effectively raised the minimum required risk-based capital ratios to 7 common equity Tier 1 capital, 8.5 Tier 1 capital and 10.5 total capital on a fully phased-in basis. 
 Under the Basel III Rules, at December 31, 2022, the Company met all capital adequacy requirements and had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions, as shown in the following table as of December 31, for the years indicated: 
 2022 2021 2020 Minimum Capital Required - Basel III Fully Phased-In Minimum Required to be Considered Well-Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Banks Risk-based capital ratios: Total capital ratio 13.85 14.79 14.97 10.5 10.0 Tier 1 capital ratio 12.52 13.59 13.37 8.5 8.0 Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 9.89 10.22 10.00 7.0 6.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio 10.76 11.01 10.19 4.0 5.0 
 Stock Dividend 
 For the fourteenth consecutive year, on July 1, 2022, the Company distributed a four percent stock dividend to common shareholders of record at the close of business on June 15, 2022. For all periods presented, share information, including basic and diluted earnings per share, has been adjusted retroactively to reflect the stock dividend. 
 Repurchase Program 
 The Company's 2019 Repurchase Plan was amended during the second quarter of 2021 to authorize the purchase of up to 5.0 million in market value of the Company's common stock. Management was given discretion to determine the number and pricing of the shares to be purchased, as well as the timing of any such purchases. 
 The Company repurchased 108,724 common shares under the plan during the year ended December 31, 2022, at an average cost of 26.60 per share totaling 2.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, 2.1 million remained for share repurchase pursuant to that authorization. 
 
 Commitments, Contractual Obligations, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
 The required payments of time deposits and other borrowed money, not including interest, at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Payments due by Period (In thousands) Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Over 5 Years Time deposits 255,034 182,953 64,222 7,859 Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowed money 98,000 21,000 36,000 30,500 10,500 Subordinated notes 49,486 49,486 Operating lease liabilities 1,712 367 515 521 309 Total 404,232 204,320 100,737 38,880 60,295 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to activities that contain credit, market and operational risk that are not reflected in whole or in part in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Such activities include traditional off-balance-sheet credit related financial instruments. 
 25 

The Company provides customers with off-balance-sheet credit support through loan commitments and standby letters of credit. Summarized credit-related financial instruments, including both commitments to extend credit and letters of credit at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period (In thousands) Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Over 5 Years Unused loan commitments 388,264 212,510 58,768 52,841 64,145 Interest rate lock commitments 6,331 6,331 Forward sale commitments 576 576 Standby letters of credit 49,740 49,740 Total 444,911 269,157 58,768 52,841 64,145 
 Since many of the unused commitments are expected to expire or be only partially used, the total amount of commitments in the preceding table does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Asset/Liability and Interest Rate Risk 
 Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for managing interest rate risk and employing risk management policies that monitor and limit this exposure. Interest rate risk is measured using net interest income simulations and market value of portfolio equity analyses. These analyses use various assumptions, including the nature and timing of interest rate changes, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. 
 The principal objective of the Company's asset and liability management function is to evaluate the interest rate risk within the balance sheet and pursue a controlled assumption of interest rate risk while maximizing earnings and preserving adequate levels of liquidity and capital. The asset and liability management function is under the guidance of the Asset Liability Committee from direction of the Board of Directors. The Asset Liability Committee meets monthly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of the Company's assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, local and national market conditions and rates. The Asset Liability Committee also reviews the liquidity, capital, deposit mix, loan mix and investment positions of the Company. 
 Instantaneous parallel rate-shift scenarios are modeled and utilized to evaluate risk and establish exposure limits for acceptable changes in net interest margin. These scenarios, known as rate shocks, simulate an instantaneous change in interest rates and use various assumptions, including, but not limited to, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. 
 Management analyzes the economic value of equity as a secondary measure of interest rate risk. This is a complementary measure to net interest income where the calculated value is the result of the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities. The economic value of equity is a longer-term view of interest rate risk because it measures the present value of the future cash flows. The impact of changes in interest rates on this calculation is analyzed for the risk to our future earnings and is used in conjunction with the analyses on net interest income. 
 26 

The table below illustrates the impact of an immediate and sustained 200 and 100 basis point increase and a 200 and 100 basis point decrease in interest rates on net interest income in year one based on the interest rate risk model at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Change in projected net interest income Hypothetical shift in interest rates December 31, (bps) 2022 2021 200 3.01 4.47 100 3.78 1.80 (100) 5.20 (3.12) (200) 5.80 (4.02) 
 The change in the Company's interest rate risk exposure from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a change in the profile of the Company s earning assets and the funding source for those assets. In 2022, the balance of the loan portfolio increased by 219 million. This growth was funded by drawing down on the significant federal funds balance that existed at December 31, 2021, in addition to significant growth in the types of deposits that reprice immediately as the federal funds rate changes. In 2022, the federal funds rate increased 425 bps. These factors have caused the Company s balance sheet to become more liability sensitive, where interest rate decreases translate into higher net interest income. Management believes the change in projected net interest income from interest rate shifts of up 200 bps and down 200 bps is an acceptable level of interest rate risk. 
 Many assumptions are used to calculate the impact of interest rate fluctuations. Actual results may be significantly different than our projections due to several factors, including the timing and frequency of rate changes, market conditions and the shape of the yield curve. The computations of interest rate risk shown above do not include actions that management may undertake to manage the risks in response to anticipated changes in interest rates and actual results may also differ due to any actions taken in response to the changing rates. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 The effects of inflation on financial institutions are different from the effects on other commercial enterprises because financial institutions make few significant capital or inventory expenditures, which are directly affected by changing prices. Because bank assets and liabilities are virtually all monetary in nature, inflation does not affect a financial institution as much as do changes in interest rates. The general level of inflation does underlie the general level of most interest rates, but interest rates do not increase at the rate of inflation as do prices of goods and services. Rather, interest rates react more to changes in the expected rate of inflation and to changes in monetary and fiscal policy. 
 Inflation does have an impact on the growth of total assets in the banking industry, often resulting in a need to increase capital at higher than normal rates to maintain an appropriate capital to asset ratio. In the opinion of management, inflation did not have a significant effect on the Company's operations for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 Financial Instruments. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. This ASU eliminates the accounting guidance on troubled debt restructurings for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on vintage disclosures to require disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination. The ASU also updates the requirements related to accounting for credit losses under ASC 326 and adds enhanced disclosures for creditors with respect to loan refinancings and restructurings for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 for entities that have adopted the amendments in ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The Company is evaluating the additional disclosure requirements and does not expect them to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("CECL") . The revised accounting guidance will remove all recognition thresholds and will require a company to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a 
 27 

financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that the company expects to collect over the instrument's contractual life. It also amends the credit loss measurement guidance for available-for-sale debt securities and beneficial interests in securitized financial assets. This new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. 
 The Company's CECL committee implemented a model from a third-party vendor and continues to refine documentation and assumptions for transitioning to the CECL model effective January 1, 2023. In addition, the Company engaged an independent third-party firm experienced in CECL matters to perform a validation of the model. The Company currently expects to record a one-time adjustment to retained earnings to increase the allowance for loan losses. The amount of the adjustments will be impacted by each portfolio s composition and credit quality at the adoption date as well as economic conditions and forecasts at that time. Based on implementation progress to date, the Company believes the capital adequacy requirements to which it and the Bank are subject to, and its business strategies and practices, was not materially impacted following the adoption in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Rate Reform. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The amendments in this update provided optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. It provided optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The amendments in this update were effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the reference rate reform on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 28 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of the Company's independent auditors appear on the pages indicated. 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 30 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2 0 2 0 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive L oss) I ncome for each of the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 2020 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 2 0 
 36 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 
 
 29 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the qualitative risk factors related to the allowance for loan losses on loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment (collective ALL) was 15.3 million of a total allowance for loan losses (ALL) of 15.6 million as of December 31, 2022. The methodology used to estimate the collective ALL consists of both quantitative and qualitative loss components. The quantitative component of the collective ALL estimates loss rates developed using internal historical loan loss experience by loan type over a defined look-back period. The loss rates are multiplied by loss emergence periods (LEP) which represent the estimated time period between a borrower first experiencing financial difficulty and the recognition of a loss. The qualitative component of the collective ALL uses 
 30 

qualitative risk factors to adjust estimates of losses based on the most recent information available and to address other limitations in the quantitative component. 
 We identified the assessment of the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL because of significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed an evaluation of the ALL methodology for the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL, including the conceptual soundness and performance of the qualitative framework. The assessment also included the evaluation of qualitative risk factors and the related assumptions. These qualitative risk factors and related assumptions are sensitive to variation, such that minor changes in the assumption can cause significant changes in the estimate. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL estimate, including controls related to the: 
 development of the collective ALL methodology 
 identification and determination of the assumptions used in the qualitative framework 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes made to the qualitative framework 
 analysis of the ALL results, trends, and ratios. 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. We analyzed trends in the qualitative risk factors related to the collective ALL for consistency with trends in loan portfolio growth (attrition) and credit performance. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the collective ALL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment of the qualitative framework by comparing it to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 evaluating the qualitative framework used to develop the qualitative risk factors and the effect of those factors on the collective ALL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1993. 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 29, 2023 
 31 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Other interest-bearing deposits Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit in other banks Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value Other investments Total investment securities Loans held for investment Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Premises and equipment - net Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Other real estate owned - net Accrued interest receivable Cash surrender value - life insurance Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Deposits Non-interest-bearing demand Savings, interest checking and money market Time deposits 250,000 and over Other time deposits Total deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Subordinated notes Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, authorized shares; issued and shares, respectively 
 Surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Treasury stock; , and shares, at cost, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest and fees on loans held for sale Interest on investment securities: Taxable Nontaxable Federal funds sold Other interest-bearing deposits, and certificates of deposit in other banks Dividends on other investments Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Interest on deposits: Savings, interest checking and money market Time deposit accounts 250,000 and over Time deposits Total interest expense on deposits Interest on federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank advances Interest on subordinated notes Total interest expense on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income (Release of) provision for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after (release of) provision for loan losses NON-INTEREST INCOME Service charges and other fees Bank card income and fees Trust department income Real estate servicing fees, net ) Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net Other Total non-interest income Investment securities (losses) gains, net ) NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense, net Furniture and equipment expense Processing, network, and bank card expense Legal, examination, and professional fees Advertising and promotion Postage, printing, and supplies Loan expense Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Investment securities available-for-sale: Unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Adjustment for (gains) on sale of investment securities, net of tax ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Net gains arising during the year, net of tax Amortization of prior service cost included in net periodic pension cost, net of tax Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (In thousands) Common Stock Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stock - holders' Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock dividend per share) 
 ) Cash dividends declared, common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock dividend per share) 
 ) Cash dividends declared, common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock dividend per share) 
 ) Cash dividends declared, common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: (Release of provision for loan losses ) ) Depreciation expense Net amortization of investment securities, premiums, and discounts Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights ) Investment securities losses (gains), net ) ) (Gains) losses on sales and dispositions of premises and equipment ) ) Gain on sales and dispositions of other real estate ) ) ) (Release of) provision for other real estate owned ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in cash surrender value - life insurance ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Decrease in operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Origination of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of certificates of deposit in other banks ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit in other banks Net increase in loans ) ) ) Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale debt securities Proceeds from calls of available-for-sale debt securities Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale debt securities Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate and repossessed assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in demand deposits Net increase in interest-bearing transaction accounts Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) ) Net (decrease) increase in federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) Repayment of FHLB advances and other borrowings ) ) ) FHLB advances Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid - common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows continued 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Other real estate and repossessed assets acquired in settlement of loans Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Stock dividends 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(1) 
 million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. 
 37 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 38 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 39 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 of advances from the FHLB to the Bank. These investments are recorded at cost, which represents redemption value. 
 years for buildings and improvements and three to years for furniture and equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

40 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 of compensation before retirement. Net periodic costs are recognized as employees render the services necessary to earn the retirement benefits. The Company records annual amounts relating to its pension plan based on calculations that incorporate various actuarial and other assumptions including discount rates, mortality, assumed rates of return, compensation increases, and turnover rates. The Company reviews its assumptions on an annual basis and may make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is appropriate to do so. The Company believes that the assumptions utilized in recording its obligations under its plan are reasonable based on its experience and market conditions. 
 The Company follows authoritative guidance included in the FASB ASC Topic 715, Compensation Retirement Plans under the subtopic Employers' Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans. ASC Topic 715 requires an employer to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan) as an asset or liability in its consolidated balance sheet and to recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. This guidance also requires an employer to measure the funded status of a plan as of the date of its fiscal year-end, with limited exceptions. Additional disclosures are required to provide users with an understanding of how investment allocation decisions are made, major categories of plan assets, and fair value measurement of plan assets as defined in ASC Topic 820 , Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . 
 
 41 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 recognized any tax liabilities or any interest or penalties in income tax expense related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 percent to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 15, 2022. For all periods presented, share information, including basic and diluted earnings per share, has been adjusted retroactively to reflect this change. 
 
 42 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (2) 
 Real estate construction residential 
 Real estate construction commercial 
 Real estate mortgage residential 
 Real estate mortgage commercial 
 Installment and other consumer Total loans held for investment 
 (a) Includes million and million SBA PPP loans, net, respectively 
 
 The Bank grants real estate, commercial, installment, and other consumer loans to customers located within the communities surrounding Jefferson City, Columbia, Clinton, Warsaw, Springfield, St. Louis, and the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. As such, the Bank is susceptible to changes in the economic environment in these communities. The Bank does not have a concentration of credit in any one economic sector. Installment and other consumer loans consist primarily of the financing of vehicles. At December 31, 2022, million of loans were pledged to the FHLB as collateral for borrowings and letters of credit. 
 New loans Amounts collected ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Such loans were made in the normal course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral requirements, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with other persons, and did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present unfavorable features. 
 43 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Additions: Provision for (release of) loan losses ) Deductions: Loans charged off Less recoveries on loans ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loans charged off (recoveries) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Additions: (Release of) provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) ) Deductions: Loans charged off Less recoveries on loans ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loans charged off (recoveries) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions: (Release of) provision for loan losses ) ) Deductions: Loans charged off Less recoveries on loans ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loans charged off (recoveries) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Loans, or portions of loans, are charged off to the extent deemed uncollectible or a loss is confirmed. Loan charge-offs reduce the allowance for loan losses, and recoveries of loans previously charged off are added back to the allowance. If management determines that it is probable that all amounts due on a loan will not be collected under the original terms of the loan agreement, the loan is considered to be impaired. These loans are evaluated individually for impairment, and in conjunction with current economic conditions and loss experience, specific reserves are estimated as further discussed below. Loans not individually evaluated are aggregated by risk characteristics and reserves are recorded using a consistent methodology that considers historical loan loss experience by loan type, delinquencies, current economic conditions, loan risk ratings and industry concentration. 
 These historical loss rates for each risk group are used as the starting point to determine loss rates for measurement purposes. The historical loan loss rates are multiplied by loss emergence periods, which represent the estimated time period between a borrower first experiencing financial difficulty and the recognition of a loss. Management's look-back period began with loss history in the first quarter 2012 as the starting point through the current quarter. 
 The Company s methodology includes qualitative risk factors that allow management to adjust its estimates of losses based on the most recent information available and to address other limitations in the quantitative component based on historical 
 44 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million and million in SBA PPP loans during 2020 and 2021, respectively, required management to assess the methodology that would be adopted in regard to the allowance for loan losses applicable to these loans. Because the SBA PPP loans are expected to be mostly paid off within a year and carry a credit guarantee from the SBA, management determined that allowance for loan losses was deemed necessary for these loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of these loans totaled million and million, respectively. 
 All SBA PPP loans have a interest rate and the Company earns a fee based upon a tiered schedule corresponding with the amount of the loan to the borrower, which is deferred and recognized over the life of the loan. The PPP loan may be forgiven by the SBA if the borrower meets certain criteria as defined by the CARES Act. The Company reports these loans at their principal amount outstanding, net of unearned income, unamortized deferred loan fee income and loan origination costs. Interest is accrued as earned and loan origination fees and direct costs are deferred and accreted or amortized into interest income, as an adjustment to the yield, over the life of the loan using the level yield method. When a PPP loan is paid off or forgiven by the SBA, the remaining unaccreted or unamortized net origination fees or costs are immediately recognized into income. 
 
 45 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loans outstanding: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Loans outstanding: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 Impaired Loans 
 Loans evaluated under ASC 310-10-35 include loans which are individually evaluated for impairment. All other loans are collectively evaluated for impairment under ASC 450-20. Impaired loans individually evaluated for impairment totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are comprised of loans on non-accrual status and loans which have been classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs). 
 The net carrying value of impaired loans is based on the fair values of collateral obtained through independent appraisals or internal evaluations, or by discounting the total expected future cash flows. At December 31, 2022, million of impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value less estimated selling costs of the loans' collateral, compared to million at December 31, 2021. Once the impairment amount is calculated, a specific reserve allocation is recorded. At December 31, 2022, million of the Company's allowance for loan losses was allocated to impaired loans totaling million, compared to million of the Company's allowance for loan losses allocated to impaired loans totaling approximately million at December 31, 2021. Management determined that million, or , of total impaired loans required no reserve allocation at December 31, 2022 compared to million, or , at December 31, 2021, primarily due to adequate collateral values , acceptable payment history and adequate cash flow ability. 
 46 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Performing TDRs Total impaired loans 
 The following tables provide additional information about impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, segregated between loans for which an allowance has been provided and loans for which no allowance has been provided. 
 (in thousands) Recorded Investment Unpaid Principal Balance Specific Reserves December 31, 2022 With no related allowance recorded: Real estate mortgage commercial Total With an allowance recorded: Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate construction commercial Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and other consumer Total Total impaired loans 
 (in thousands) Recorded 
 Investment 
 Unpaid 
 Principal 
 Balance 
 Specific 
 Reserves 
 December 31, 2021 With no related allowance recorded: Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Total With an allowance recorded: Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate construction commercial Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and other consumer Total Total impaired loans 
 47 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and other consumer Total With an allowance recorded: Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate construction residential Real estate construction commercial Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and other consumer Total Total impaired loans 
 The recorded investment varies from the unpaid principal balance primarily due to partial charge-offs taken as a result of current appraisals received. The amount recognized as interest income on impaired loans continuing to accrue interest, primarily related to troubled debt restructurings, was million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average recorded investment in impaired loans is calculated on a monthly basis during the years reported. 
 Delinquent and Non-Accrual Loans 
 The delinquency status of loans is determined based on the contractual terms of the notes. Borrowers are generally classified as delinquent once payments become 30 days or more past due. The Company's policy is to discontinue the accrual of interest income on any loan when, in the opinion of management, the ultimate collectability of interest or principal is no longer probable. In general, loans are placed on non-accrual status when they become 90 days or more past due. However, management considers many factors before placing a loan on non-accrual status, including the delinquency status of the loan, the overall financial condition of the borrower, the progress of management's collection efforts and the value of the underlying collateral. Subsequent interest payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal if any doubt exists as to the collectability of such principal; otherwise, such receipts are recorded as interest income on a cash basis. Non-accrual loans are returned to accrual status when, in the opinion of management, the financial condition of the borrower indicates that timely collectability of interest and principal is probable and the borrower demonstrates the ability to pay under the terms of the note through a sustained period of repayment performance, which is generally six months. 
 48 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Real estate construction residential Real estate construction commercial Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and Other Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Commercial, Financial, and Agricultural Real estate construction residential Real estate construction commercial Real estate mortgage residential Real estate mortgage commercial Installment and Other Consumer Total 
 Credit Quality 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based upon an internal rating system reflecting management s risk assessment. Loans are placed on watch status when one or more weaknesses are identified that may result in the borrower being unable to meet repayment terms or when the Company s credit position could deteriorate at some future date. Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified may have one or more well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the repayment of the debt. Such loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company may sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. A loan is classified as a TDR when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties that lead to the restructuring of a loan, and the Company grants concessions to the borrower in the restructuring that it would not otherwise consider. Loans classified as TDRs that are accruing interest are classified as performing TDRs. Loans classified as TDRs that are not accruing interest are classified as non-performing TDRs and are included with all other non-accrual loans for presentation purposes. It is the Company s policy to discontinue the accrual of interest income on loans when management believes that the collection of interest or principal is doubtful. 
 49 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Substandard Performing TDRs Non-accrual loans Total At December 31, 2021 
 Watch Substandard Performing TDRs Non-accrual loans Total 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) 
 At December 31, 2022, loans classified as TDRs totaled million, of which million were classified as non-performing TDRs and million were classified as performing TDRs. At December 31, 2021, loans classified as TDRs totaled million, of which million were classified as non-performing TDRs and million were classified as performing TDRs. Both performing and nonperforming TDRs are considered impaired loans. When an individual loan is determined to be a TDR, the amount of impairment is based upon the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral less applicable selling costs. Accordingly, specific reserves of million and million related to TDRs were allocated to the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company's portfolio of loans classified as TDRs include concessions for the borrower due to deteriorated financial condition, such as reducing interest rates below the current market rate, deferring principal payments, and extending maturity dates. During the year ended December 31, 2022 there were loans totaling million meeting the TDR criteria that were modified compared to such loans during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company considers a TDR to be in default when it becomes 90 days or more past due under the modified terms, a charge-off occurs, or it is in the process of foreclosure. There were loans modified as a TDR, where a concession was made and the loan subsequently defaulted within 12 months of its modification date, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 The Company designates certain long-term fixed rate personal real estate loans as held for sale. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company elected the fair value option for all newly originated long-term personal real estate loans held for sale. The loans are primarily sold to Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, PennyMac, and other various secondary-market investors. At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of these loans was million compared to million at December 31, 2021. 
 50 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (3) 
 Real estate construction - commercial Real estate mortgage - residential Real estate mortgage - commercial Total Less valuation allowance for other real estate owned ) ) Total other real estate owned 
 Additions Proceeds from sales ) Charge-offs against the valuation allowance for other real estate owned, net ) Net gain on sales Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions Proceeds from sales ) Charge-offs against the valuation allowance for other real estate owned, net ) Net gain on sales Total other real estate owned Less valuation allowance for other real estate owned ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties were in the process of foreclosure compared to million of consumer mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2021. 
 (Release of) provision for other real estate owned ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 51 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (4) 
 ) U.S. government and federal agency obligations ) U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Other debt securities (a) ) Bank issued trust preferred securities (a) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury ) U.S. government and federal agency obligations U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Other debt securities (a) ) Bank issued trust preferred securities (a) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 (a) Certain hybrid instruments possessing characteristics typically associated with debt obligations. 
 The Company's investment securities are classified as available-for-sale. Agency bonds and notes, SBA-guaranteed loan certificates, residential and commercial agency mortgage-backed securities, and agency collateralized mortgage obligations include securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association, a U.S. government agency, the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the FHLB, which are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. 
 Debt securities with carrying values aggregating approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure public funds, were sold under agreements to repurchase, or were sold for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 
 52 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total Mortgage-backed securities Total available-for-sale securities 
 Other Investment Securities 
 Other investment securities include equity securities with readily determinable fair values and other investment securities that do not have readily determinable fair values. 
 MIB stock Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Total other investment securities 
 
 53 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 ) ) ) U.S. government and federal agency obligations ) ) U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other debt securities ) ) ) Bank issued trust preferred securities ) ) Total ) ) ) At December 31, 2021 
 U.S. Treasury ) ) U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Bank-issued trust preferred securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The total available-for-sale portfolio consisted of approximately securities at December 31, 2022. The portfolio included securities having an aggregate fair value of million that were in a loss position at December 31, 2022. Securities identified as temporarily impaired which had been in a loss position for 12 months or longer totaled million at fair value at December 31, 2022. The million aggregate unrealized loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2022 was caused by interest rate fluctuations . 
 The total available-for-sale portfolio consisted of approximately securities at December 31, 2021. The portfolio included securities having an aggregate fair value of million that were in a loss position at December 31, 2021. Securities identified as temporarily impaired which had been in a loss position for 12 months or longer had a fair value of million at December 31, 2021. The million aggregate unrealized loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2021 was caused by interest rate fluctuations. 
 Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, these investments were not considered other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the absence of changes in credit quality of these investments, the fair value is expected to recover on all debt securities as they approach their maturity date, or re-pricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. In addition, the Company does not have the intent to sell these investments over the period of recovery, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such investment securities. 
 54 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Losses realized on sales ) Other-than-temporary impairment recognized Other investment securities: Fair value adjustments, net ) Investment securities gains (losses), net ) 

(5) 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment Operating leases - right of use asset Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment, net 

(6) 
 million of loans sold to the secondary market compared to million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Mortgage loan servicing fees, reported in real estate servicing fees, net, earned on loans sold and serviced for others were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 55 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Originated mortgage servicing rights Changes in fair value: Due to changes in model inputs and assumptions (1) ) Other changes in fair value (2) ) ) ) Total changes in fair value ) ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) The change in fair value resulting from changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model reflects the change in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions primarily due to changes in interest rates. 
 (2) Other changes in fair value reflect changes due to customer payments and passage of time. 
 Total changes in fair value are reported in real estate servicing fees, net, reported in non-interest income in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
 Weighted average note rate Weighted average discount rate Weighted average expected life (in years) 
 
 (7) 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had brokered deposits totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 56 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank maintains such compensating balances with correspondent banks to offset charges for services rendered by those banks. 
 
 (8) 
 Short-term repurchase agreements - Bank Total 2021 Federal funds purchased Short-term repurchase agreements - Bank Total 
 The securities underlying the agreements to repurchase are under the control of the Bank. All securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by a portion of the Bank's investment portfolio. Under agreements with unaffiliated banks, the Bank may borrow federal funds up to million on an unsecured basis and million on a secured basis at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company offers a sweep account program whereby amounts in excess of an established limit are swept from the customer's demand deposit account on a daily basis into retail repurchase agreements pursuant to individual repurchase agreements between the Company and its customers . Repurchase agreements are agreements to sell securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. They are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions, not as sales and purchases of the securities portfolio. The securities collateral pledged for the repurchase agreements with customers is maintained by a designated third party custodian . 
 Total At December 31, 2021 
 U.S. government-sponsored enterprises Mortgage-backed securities Total 
 62 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (9) 
 to years. As of December 31, 2022, operating right-of-use ("ROU") assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining lease term on these operating leases is approximately years and the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the lease liabilities is approximately . 
 Operating leases in which the Company is the lessee are recorded as operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. Currently, the Company does not have any finance leases. The ROU assets are included in premises and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Operating lease ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents the Company's incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. 
 Operating lease cost, which is comprised of amortization of the ROU asset and the implicit interest accreted on the operating lease liability, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is recorded in net occupancy expense in the consolidated statements of income. The operating lease cost was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019, lease and non-lease components of new lease agreements are accounted for separately. Lease components include fixed payments including rent, real estate taxes and insurance costs and non-lease components include common-area maintenance costs. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease expense for these leases was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities, as reported 
 63 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (10) 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Bank Subordinated notes The Company 2034 2035 Total Company 
 As a member of the FHLB, the Bank has access to term financing from the FHLB. These borrowings, which are all fixed-rate, are secured under a blanket agreement which assigns all investment in FHLB stock, as well as qualifying first mortgage loans, as collateral to secure amounts borrowed by the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had million in outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. Based upon the collateral pledged to the FHLB at December 31, 2022, the Bank could borrow up to an additional million under the agreement. 
 On March 17, 2005, Exchange Statutory Trust II, a business trust and subsidiary of the Company, issued million of -year floating-rate Trust Preferred Securities ("TPS") to a TPS Pool. The floating rate is equal to the three-month LIBOR rate plus and reprices quarterly at December 31, 2022). The TPS can be prepaid without penalty at any time after from the issuance date. The TPS represent preferred interests in the trust. The Company invested approximately million in common interests in the trust and the purchaser in the private placement purchased million in preferred interests. The proceeds were used by the trust to purchase from the Company its subordinated debentures whose terms mirror those stated above for the TPS. The debentures are guaranteed by the Company pursuant to a subordinated guarantee. Distributions on the TPS are payable quarterly on March 17, June 17, September 17, and December 17 of each year that the TPS are outstanding. The trustee for the TPS holders is U.S. Bank, N.A. The trustee does not have the power to take enforcement action in the event of a default under the TPS for from the date of default. In the event of default, however, the Company would be precluded from paying dividends until the default is cured. 
 On March 17, 2004, Exchange Statutory Trust I, a business trust and subsidiary of the Company (together with Exchange Statutory Trust II, the "Exchange Statutory Trusts"), issued million of floating rate TPS to a TPS Pool. The floating rate is equal to the three-month LIBOR rate plus and reprices quarterly at December 31, 2022). The TPS are fully, irrevocably, and unconditionally guaranteed on a subordinated basis by the Company. The TPS represent preferred interests in the trust. The Company invested approximately million in common interests in the trust and the purchaser in the private placement purchased million in preferred interests. The proceeds of the TPS were invested in junior subordinated debentures of the Company. Distributions on the TPS are payable quarterly on March 17, June 17, September 17, and December 17 of each year that the TPS are outstanding. The TPS mature on March 17, 2034. That maturity date may be shortened if certain conditions are met. 
 64 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million, respectively. The Company has recorded the investments in the common securities issued by the Exchange Statutory Trusts aggregating million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the corresponding obligations under the subordinated notes, as well as the interest income and interest expense on such investments and obligations in its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (11) 
 State ) Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State Total deferred ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 Tax at statutory federal income tax rate Tax-exempt income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) State income tax, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Other, net ) ) Provision for income tax expense 
 Income taxes as a percentage of earnings before income taxes as reported in the consolidated financial statements were for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rate for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of primarily due to tax-free revenues. 
 Also included in the effective tax rate is a million benefit and a million benefit associated with a historic tax credit investment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investment is expected to generate a million tax benefit over the life of the project and is being recognized under the deferral method of accounting. During 2021, the Company recognized a million current tax benefit associated with the historic tax credits, partially offset by a million current tax expense associated with the write-off of the investment. 
 
 65 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Securities Pension Other real estate owned Deferred loan fees Lease liability Intangible assets Accrued / deferred compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment Mortgage servicing rights Deferred loan costs Pension Right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses Securities Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 The million deferred tax asset associated with the unrealized losses on securities is mainly a result of changes in interest rates, and the unrealized losses are considered to be temporary because the fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their respective maturity dates. The issuers of the securities are of high-credit quality and all principal amounts are expected to be paid when the securities mature. The Company does not intend to sell, and it is likely that the Company will not be required to sell, the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the appropriate character during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning initiatives in making this assessment. In management's opinion, the Company will more likely than not realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets and, therefore, has not established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. Management arrived at this conclusion based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income of the appropriate character over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible. 
 The Company follows ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which addresses the accounting for uncertain tax positions . For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did not have any uncertain tax provisions, and did not record any related tax liabilities. 
 66 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (12) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 (1) The pre-tax amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) income are included in gains (losses) on sale of investment securities in the consolidated statements of income. 
 (2) The pre-tax amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 13. 
 
 (13) 
 Medical plans 401(k) match and profit sharing Periodic pension cost Other Total employee benefits 
 The Company's profit-sharing plan includes a matching 401(k) portion, in which the Company matches the first percent of eligible employee contributions. The Company made annual contributions for the discretionary portion in an amount up to percent of income before income taxes and before contributions to the profit-sharing and pension plans 
 67 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million and the expense for this plan was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is recognized over the required service period. 
 Pension 
 The Company provides a noncontributory-defined benefit pension plan for all full-time and eligible employees. Beginning January 1, 2018 and for all retrospective periods presented, the Company adopted the guidance under ASU 2017-07, Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost . Under the new guidance, only the service cost component of the net periodic benefit cost is reported in the same income statement line item as salaries and benefits, and the remaining components are reported as other non-interest expense. An employer is required to recognize the funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its balance sheet and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. Under the Company s funding policy for the defined benefit pension plan, contributions are made to a trust as necessary to provide for current service and for any unfunded accrued actuarial liabilities over a reasonable period. To the extent that these requirements are fully covered by assets in the trust, a contribution might not be made in a particular year. The Company made a pension contribution of million on April 1, 2022. 
 Effective July 1, 2017, the Company amended the pension plan to effectuate a soft freeze such that any individual hired (or rehired in the case of a former employee) by the Company after September 30, 2017, whether or not such individual is or was a vested member in the plan, will not be eligible to be an active member and will not be entitled to accrue any benefits under the plan. 
 68 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Balance, December 31, 
 Change in plan assets: Fair value, January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contribution Expenses paid ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value, December 31, 
 Funded status at end of year ) Accumulated benefit obligation Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of the following: (in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities ) Net asset (liability) at end of year ) 
 Components of Net Pension Cost and Other Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Interest costs on projected benefit obligations (a) Expected return on plan assets (a) ) ) ) Expected administrative expenses (a) Amortization of prior service cost (a) Amortization of unrecognized net loss (a) Net periodic pension cost 
 (a) The components of net periodic pension cost other than the service cost component are included in other non-interest expense. 
 Net periodic pension benefit costs include interest costs based on an assumed discount rate, the expected return on plan assets based on actuarially derived market-related values, and the amortization of net actuarial losses. Net periodic postretirement benefit costs include service costs, interest costs based on an assumed discount rate, and the amortization of prior service credits and net actuarial gains. Differences between expected and actual results in each year are included in 
 69 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Net accumulated actuarial net loss Accumulated other comprehensive loss Net periodic benefit cost in excess of cumulative employer contributions ) ) Net amount recognized at December 31, balance sheet 
 ) Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during period Prior service cost amortization Amortization of net actuarial loss Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 
 The 2022 actuarial gain was primarily driven by the increase in the year-over-year discount rates, which resulted in a gain for the plan. The 2021 actuarial gain was primarily the result of the actual return on assets exceeding the expected asset return and updated assumptions. 
 Annual rate of compensation increase Determination of pension expense for year ended: Discount rate for the service cost Annual rate of compensation increase Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 The assumed overall expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets used in calculating 2022 pension expense was . Determination of the plan's rate of return is based upon historical returns for equities and fixed income indexes. D) ) 
 The rate used in plan calculations may be adjusted by management for current trends in the economic environment. With a traditional investment mix of over half of the plan's investments in equities, the actual return for any one plan year may 
 70 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million of income in 2023 compared to million of expense in 2022. 
 Plan Assets 
 The investment policy of the pension plan is designed for growth in value while minimizing risk to the overall portfolio. The Company diversifies the assets through investments in domestic fixed income securities and domestic and international equity securities. The assets are readily marketable and can be sold to fund benefit payment obligations as they become payable. The Company regularly reviews its policies on the investment mix and may make changes depending on economic conditions and perceived investment mix. 
 U.S government agency obligations Equity securities Mutual funds Total December 31, 2021 Cash equivalents Corporate bonds Equity securities Mutual funds Total 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 
 71 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (14) 
 percent to common shareholders of record at the close of business on June 15, 2022. For all periods presented, share information, including basic and diluted earnings per share, has been adjusted retroactively to reflect this change. 
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the year. 
 Average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 Repurchase Program 
 The Company's 2019 Repurchase Plan was amended during the second quarter of 2021 to authorize the purchase of up to million in market value of the Company's common stock. Management was given discretion to determine the number and pricing of the shares to be purchased, as well as the timing of any such purchases. 
 The Company repurchased common shares under the plan during the year ended December 31, 2022, at an average cost of per share totaling million. As of December 31, 2022, million remained for share repurchase pursuant to that authorization. 
 
 (15) 
 
 72 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

73 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 N.A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N.A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N.A Bank Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted average assets): Company N.A Bank December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N.A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N.A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Company N.A Bank Tier 1 leverage ratio: Company N.A Bank 
 
 (16) 
 74 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 75 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 76 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 U.S. government and federal agency obligations U.S. government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Bank-issued trust preferred securities Equity securities Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights Total Liabilities: Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Total December 31, 2021 
 Assets: U.S. Treasury U.S. government and federal agency obligations U.S. government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Bank-issued trust preferred securities Equity securities Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights Total Liabilities: Interest rate lock commitments Total 
 77 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Total (losses) or gains (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings ) Included in other comprehensive income Purchases Sales Issues Settlements Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Total (losses) or gains (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings ) Included in other comprehensive income Purchases Sales ) Issues Settlements Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Valuation Methods for Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Following is a description of the Company's valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 
 Collateral-Dependent Impaired Loans 
 While the overall loan portfolio is not carried at fair value, the Company periodically records nonrecurring adjustments to the carrying value of impaired loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral dependent loans when establishing the allowance for loan losses. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. In determining the fair value of real estate collateral, the Company relies on external and internal appraisals of property values depending on the size and complexity of the real estate collateral. The appraisals may be discounted based on the Company's historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of appraisal, or other information available. The Company maintains staff trained to perform in-house evaluations and also to review third-party appraisal reports for reasonableness. In the case of non-real estate collateral, reliance is placed on a variety of sources, including external estimates of value and judgments based on the experience and expertise of internal specialists. Fair values of all loan collateral are regularly reviewed by senior loan committee. Because many of these inputs are not observable, the measurements are classified as Level 3. As of December 31, 2022, the Company identified million in collateral-dependent impaired loans that had no specific allowances for losses. Related to these loans, there were million in charge-offs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company 
 78 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 million in collateral-dependent impaired loans that had specific allowances for losses aggregating million. Related to these loans, there were million in charge-offs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed Assets 
 Other real estate owned ("OREO") and repossessed assets consist of loan collateral repossessed through foreclosure. This collateral is comprised of commercial and residential real estate and other non-real estate property, including autos, manufactured homes, and construction equipment. Subsequent to foreclosure, these assets are initially carried at fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs. Fair value, when recorded, is generally based upon appraisals by approved independent state-certified appraisers. Like impaired loans, appraisals on OREO may be discounted based on the Company's historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of appraisal or other information available. During the holding period, valuations are updated periodically, and the assets may be written down to reflect a new cost basis. Because many of these inputs are not observable, the measurements are classified as Level 3. 
 ) Installment and other consumer ) Total ) Other real estate and repossessed assets December 31, 2021 
 Assets: Collateral dependent impaired loans: Commercial, financial, agricultural ) Real estate mortgage - residential ) Real estate mortgage - commercial ) Installment and other consumer ) Total ) Other real estate and repossessed assets ) 
 Total gains (losses) reported for other real estate owned and repossessed assets includes charge-offs, valuation write-downs, and net losses taken during the periods reported. 
 79 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 (17) 
 80 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Federal funds sold and overnight interest-bearing deposits Certificates of deposit in other banks Available for sale securities Other investment securities Loans, net Loans held for sale Cash surrender value - life insurance Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Accrued interest receivable Total Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing demand Savings, interest checking and money market Time deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Subordinated notes Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Accrued interest payable Total 
 81 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Federal funds sold and overnight interest-bearing deposits Certificates of deposit in other banks Available-for-sale securities Other investment securities Loans, net Loans held for sale Cash surrender value - life insurance Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Accrued interest receivable Total Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing demand Savings, interest checking and money market Time deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Subordinated notes Interest rate lock commitments Accrued interest payable Total 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments 
 The fair value of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements, the likelihood of the counterparties drawing on such financial instruments, and the present creditworthiness of such counterparties. The Company believes such commitments have been made on terms that are competitive in the markets in which it operates. 
 Limitations 
 The fair value estimates provided are made at a point in time based on market information and information about the financial instruments. Because no market exists for a portion of the Company's financial instruments, fair value estimates 
 82 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(18) 
 Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale commitments Standby letters of credit Total 
 Commitments 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since certain of the commitments and letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, furniture and equipment, and real estate. 
 The Company has two types of commitments related to mortgage loans held for sale: interest rate lock commitments and forward loan sale commitments. Interest rate lock commitments are commitments to extend credit to a customer that has an interest rate lock and are considered derivative instruments. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These standby letters of credit are primarily issued to support contractual obligations of the Company's customers. The approximate remaining term of standby letters of credit range from to at December 31, 2022. 
 Pending Litigation 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in various legal actions incidental to the Company's past and current business activities. Based on the Company's analysis, and considering the inherent uncertainties associated with litigation, management does not believe that it is reasonably possible that these legal actions will materially adversely affect the Company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations in the near term. The Company records a loss accrual 
 83 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(19) 
 Investment in bank-issued trust preferred securities Investment in subsidiaries Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Subordinated notes Other liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Other Total income Expenses Interest on subordinated notes Other Total expenses Income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 
 84 

HAWTHORN BANCSHARES, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Decrease in deferred tax asset Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: (Increase) decrease in investment in subsidiaries, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash dividends paid - common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of year Cash and due from banks at end of year 
 85 

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDENDS ON EQUITY SECURITIES AND RELATED MATTERS 
 Market Price 
 The Company's common stock trades on Nasdaq's global select market under the stock symbol of HWBK . 
 Shares Outstanding 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued 7,284,151 shares of common stock, of which 6,768,581 shares were outstanding. The outstanding shares were held of record by approximately 2,062 shareholders. 
 Dividends 
 The following table sets forth information on dividends paid by the Company in 2022 and 2021. 
 Month Paid Dividends Paid Per Share January, 2022 0.15 April, 2022 0.15 July, 2022 0.17 October, 2022 0.17 Total for 2022 0.64 January, 2021 0.13 April, 2021 0.13 July, 2021 0.15 October, 2021 0.15 Total for 2021 0.56 
 The Board of Directors intends that the Company will continue to pay quarterly dividends. The actual amount of quarterly dividends and the payment, as well as the amount, of any special dividend ultimately will depend on the payment of sufficient dividends by the subsidiary Bank to the Company. The payment by the Bank of dividends to the Company will depend upon such factors as the Bank's financial condition, results of operations and current and anticipated cash needs, including capital requirements. 
 
 86 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 
 Name Position with the Company Position with the Bank Principal Occupation David T. Turner Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director -Class III Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Position with the Company and the Bank Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Director-Class I Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Director Position with the Company and the Bank Stephen E. Guthrie Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Position with the Company and the Bank Kevin L. Riley Director-Class III Director Retired, Jefferson City, Missouri Frank E. Burkhead Director-Class II Director Owner, Burkhead Wealth Management, Co-owner, Burkhead Associates, LLC, Pro 356, LLC, and FACT Properties, LLC, Jefferson City, Missouri Philip D. Freeman Director-Class I Director Owner, Freeman Properties, JCMO, LLC, Jefferson City, Missouri Gus S. (Jack) Wetzel III Director-Class II Director Co-owner, Meadows Construction Co, Inc., Meadows Contracting LLC, Meadows Development Co, Village Park Investments, LLC, Meadows Property, LLC, TWC Enterprise, LLC, Wetzel Investments Ltd., and GCSL, LLC, all of Clinton, Missouri Jonathan D. Holtaway Director Class I Director Co-owner, Ategra GP, LLC, and Ategra Capital Management LLC, and Managing Member of Ategra LS500, LP and Ategra Community Financial Institution Fund, LP, all of Vienna, Virginia Jonathan L. States Director-Class II Director Member / owner, Little Dixie Construction, LLC, Columbia, Missouri. Shawna M. Hettinger Director-Class III Director President majority owner, Streetwise, Inc., Grandview, Missouri 
 87 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 A copy of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, excluding exhibits, will be furnished without charge to shareholders entitled to vote at the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders upon written request to Kathleen L. Bruegenhemke, Corporate Secretary, Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc., 132 East High Street, Jefferson City, Missouri 65101. The Company will provide a copy of any exhibit to the Form 10-K to any such person upon written request and the payment of the Company's reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibits. 
 88 

</EX-13>

<EX-23>
 3
 a2022q4ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-136477) on Form S-8 and registration statement (No. 333-101415) on Form S-3D of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc., of our reports dated March 29, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting . 
 s KPMG LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a2022q4ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David T. Turner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s David T. Turner David T. Turner Chairman of the Board, CEO, & President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a2022q4ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Stephen E. Guthrie, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s Stephen E. Guthrie Stephen E. Guthrie Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a2022q4ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, David T. Turner, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Company, hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 29, 2023 
 s David T. Turner David T. Turner 
 Chairman of the Board, CEO, & President 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and will be retained by Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a2022q4ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Stephen E. Guthrie, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 29, 2023 
 s Stephen E. Guthrie Stephen E. Guthrie Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and will be retained by Hawthorn Bancshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hwbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hwbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hwbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hwbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hwbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

