<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_713676_0000713676-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>68425306</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>866241</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>27910654</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19944023</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9468623</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9290952</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000713676-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222160613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000713676-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		257
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000713676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				251435979
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09718
		FILM NUMBER:		23653097

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE TOWER AT PNC PLAZA
		STREET 2:		300 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222-2401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-762-2265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE TOWER AT PNC PLAZA
		STREET 2:		300 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222-2401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000327

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PNC BANK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930505

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PNC BANK CORP /PA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000713676-23-000020.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 pnc-20221231.htm
 10-K

pnc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 THE . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code - ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s 
 Name of Each Exchange 
 on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 1.80 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock - Series B, par value 1.00 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such 
 files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding voting common stock held by nonaffiliates on June 30, 2022, determined using the per share closing price on that date on the New York Stock Exchange of 157.77, was approximately billion. There is no non-voting common equity of the registrant outstanding. 
 Number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding at February 3, 2023: 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

T HE PNC F INANCIAL S ERVICES G ROUP , I NC . 
 Cross-Reference Index to 2022 Form 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1 Business. 
 1 
 Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 15 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 31 
 Item 2 Properties. 
 31 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 31 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 31 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 32 
 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 33 
 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 35 
 Item 6 Reserved 
 35 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A). 
 36 
 Executive Summary 
 36 
 Consolidated Income Statement Review 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Review 
 44 
 Business Segments Review 
 48 
 Risk Management 
 56 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments 
 81 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 84 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 85 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 85 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 86 
 Consolidated Income Statement 
 88 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 89 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 90 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 91 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 92 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 94 
 Note 1 Accounting Policies 
 94 
 Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity 
 111 
 Note 3 Investment Securities 
 115 
 Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses 
 118 
 Note 5 Loan Sale and Servicing Activities and Variable Interest Entities 
 129 

T HE PNC F INANCIAL S ERVICES G ROUP , I NC . 
 Cross-Reference Index to 2022 Form 10-K (continued) 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS (Continued) 
 Page Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. (continued) Note 6 Goodwill and Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 132 
 Note 7 Leases 
 134 
 Note 8 Premises, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
 136 
 Note 9 Time Deposits 
 137 
 Note 10 Borrowed Funds 
 137 
 Note 11 Commitments 
 139 
 Note 12 Equity 
 140 
 Note 13 Other Comprehensive Income 
 143 
 Note 14 Earnings Per Share 
 144 
 Note 15 Fair Value 
 145 
 Note 16 Financial Derivatives 
 158 
 Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans 
 164 
 Note 18 Stock Based Compensation Plans 
 170 
 Note 19 Income Taxes 
 171 
 Note 20 Regulatory Matters 
 173 
 Note 21 Legal Proceedings 
 174 
 Note 22 Parent Company 
 179 
 Note 23 Segment Reporting 
 182 
 Note 24 Fee-based Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 184 
 Note 25 Subsequent Events 
 188 
 Statistical Information (Unaudited) 
 190 
 Glossary 
 194 
 Defined Terms 
 194 
 Acronyms 
 198 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 198 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 
 198 
 Item 9B Other Information. 
 199 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 199 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation. 
 199 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 200 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 200 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 200 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 201 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 206 
 SIGNATURES 
 207 

T HE PNC F INANCIAL S ERVICES G ROUP , I NC . 
 Cross-Reference Index to 2022 Form 10-K (continued) 
 
 MD A TABLE REFERENCE 
 Table Description Page 1 Summary of Operations, Per Common Share Data and Performance Ratios 
 38 
 2 Balance Sheet Highlights and Other Selected Ratios 
 38 
 3 Summarized Average Balances and Net Interest Income 
 42 
 4 Noninterest Income 
 43 
 5 Noninterest Expense 
 43 
 6 Provision for (Recapture of) Credit Losses 
 44 
 7 Summarized Balance Sheet Data 
 44 
 8 Loans 
 45 
 9 Investment Securities 
 46 
 10 Weighted-Average Expected Maturities of Mortgage and Asset-Backed Debt Securities 
 46 
 11 Details of Funding Sources 
 47 
 12 Retail Banking Table 
 49 
 13 Corporate Institutional Banking Table 
 52 
 14 Asset Management Group Table 
 55 
 15 Details of Loans 
 60 
 16 Commercial and Industrial Loans by Industry 
 61 
 17 Commercial Real Estate Loans by Geography and Property Type 
 62 
 18 Residential Real Estate Statistics 
 63 
 19 Home Equity Loan Statistics 
 64 
 20 Auto Loan Statistics 
 64 
 21 Nonperforming Assets by Type 
 65 
 22 Change in Nonperforming Assets 
 65 
 23 Accruing Loans Past Due 
 66 
 24 Summary of Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 67 
 25 Allowance for Credit Losses by Loan Class 
 69 
 26 Loan Charge-Offs and Recoveries 
 70 
 27 Senior and Subordinated Debt 
 71 
 28 PNC Bank Notes Issued 
 71 
 29 PNC Bank Notes Redeemed 
 72 
 30 Parent Company Notes Issued 
 73 
 31 Parent Company Notes Redeemed 
 73 
 32 Credit Ratings for PNC and PNC Bank 
 74 
 33 Basel III Capital 
 75 
 34 Interest Sensitivity Analysis 
 76 
 35 Net Interest Income Sensitivity to Alternative Rate Scenarios 
 76 
 36 Alternate Interest Rate Scenarios: One Year Forward 
 77 
 37 Equity Investments Summary 
 78 
 38 Key Macroeconomic Variables in CECL Weighted-Average Scenarios 
 82 

T HE PNC F INANCIAL S ERVICES G ROUP , I NC . 
 Cross-Reference Index to 2022 Form 10-K (continued) 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TABLE REFERENCE 
 Table Description Page 39 Acquisition Consideration 
 111 
 40 Fair Value and Unpaid Principal Balance of Loans from the BBVA Acquisition 
 112 
 41 Intangible Assets 
 112 
 42 BBVA Financial Results 
 113 
 43 Unaudited Pro Forma Results 
 113 
 44 PCD Loan Activity 
 114 
 45 Consolidated Income Statement - Discontinued Operations 
 114 
 46 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows - Discontinued Operations 
 114 
 47 Investment Securities Summary 
 115 
 48 Gross Unrealized Loss and Fair Value of Securities Available for Sale Without an Allowance for Credit Losses 
 116 
 49 Gains (Losses) on Sales of Securities Available for Sale 
 116 
 50 Contractual Maturity of Debt Securities 
 117 
 51 Fair Value of Securities Pledged and Accepted as Collateral 
 117 
 52 Analysis of Loan Portfolio 
 119 
 53 Nonperforming Assets 
 120 
 54 Commercial Credit Quality Indicators 
 122 
 55 Credit Quality Indicators for Residential Real Estate and Home Equity Loan Classes 
 124 
 56 Credit Quality Indicators for Automobile, Credit Card, Education and Other Consumer Loan Classes 
 126 
 57 Financial Impact and TDRs by Concession Type 
 128 
 58 Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 128 
 59 Cash Flows Associated with Loan Sale and Servicing Activities 
 130 
 60 Principal Balance, Delinquent Loans and Net Charge-offs Related to Serviced Loans For Others 
 130 
 61 Non-Consolidated VIEs 
 131 
 62 Goodwill by Business Segment 
 132 
 63 Commercial Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 133 
 64 Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 133 
 65 Commercial Mortgage Servicing Rights Key Valuation Assumptions 
 134 
 66 Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights Key Valuation Assumptions 
 134 
 67 Lessor Income 
 134 
 68 Sales-Type and Direct Financing Leases 
 135 
 69 Future Minimum Lessor Receivable Arrangements 
 135 
 70 Operating Lease Costs and Cash Flows 
 135 
 71 Operating Lease Assets and Liabilities 
 135 
 72 Operating Lease Term and Discount Rates of Lessee Arrangements 
 136 
 73 Future Lease Payments for Operating Lease Liability Arrangements 
 136 
 74 Premises, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
 136 
 75 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 136 
 76 Time Deposits 
 137 
 77 Borrowed Funds 
 137 
 78 FHLB Borrowings, Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt 
 137 
 79 Commitments to Extend Credit and Other Commitments 
 139 
 80 Preferred Stock - Authorized, Issued and Outstanding 
 140 
 81 Terms of Outstanding Preferred Stock 
 141 

THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 Cross-Reference Index to 2022 Form 10-K (continued) 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TABLE REFERENCE (Continued) 
 Table Description Page 82 Dividends Per Share 
 142 
 83 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 143 
 84 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components 
 143 
 85 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 
 144 
 86 Fair Value Measurements Recurring Basis Summary 
 149 
 87 Reconciliation of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 
 150 
 88 Fair Value Measurements Recurring Quantitative Information 
 152 
 89 Fair Value Measurements Nonrecurring 
 153 
 90 Fair Value Option Fair Value and Principal Balances 
 154 
 91 Fair Value Option Changes in Fair Value 
 155 
 92 Additional Fair Value Information Related to Other Financial Instruments 
 157 
 93 Total Gross Derivatives 
 158 
 94 Gains (Losses) Recognized on Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedges in the Consolidated Income Statement 
 160 
 95 Hedged Items - Fair Value Hedges 
 160 
 96 Risk Participation Agreements 
 161 
 97 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated for Hedging 
 162 
 98 Derivative Assets and Liabilities Offsetting 
 163 
 99 Credit-Risk Contingent Features 
 164 
 100 Reconciliation of Changes in Projected Benefit Obligation and Change in Plan Assets 
 165 
 101 Asset Strategy Allocations 
 166 
 102 Pension Plan Valuation Methodologies 
 167 
 103 Pension Plan Assets - Fair Value Hierarchy 
 167 
 104 Estimated Cash Flows 
 168 
 105 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 168 
 106 Net Periodic Costs - Assumptions 
 169 
 107 Other Pension Assumptions 
 169 
 108 Nonvested Performance Share Unit Awards and Restricted Share Unit Awards - Rollforward 
 170 
 109 Components of Income Tax Expense 
 171 
 110 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 171 
 111 Reconciliation of Statutory and Effective Tax Rates 
 172 
 112 Net Operating Loss Carryforwards 
 172 
 113 Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 172 
 114 IRS Tax Examination Status 
 173 
 115 Basel Regulatory Capital 
 174 
 116 Parent Company - Income Statement 
 179 
 117 Parent Company - Balance Sheet 
 180 
 118 Parent Company - Interest Paid and Income Tax Refunds (Payments) 
 180 
 119 Parent Company - Statement of Cash Flows 
 181 
 120 Results of Businesses 
 183 
 121 Noninterest Income by Business Segment and Reconciliation to Consolidated Noninterest Income 
 185 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements: From time to time, The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. has made and may continue to make written or oral forward-looking statements regarding our outlook for financial performance, such as earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations or the impact of legal, regulatory or supervisory matters on our business operations or performance, including our sustainability strategy. This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report or Form 10-K) also includes forward-looking statements. With respect to all such forward-looking statements, you should review our Risk Factors discussion in Item 1A, our Risk Management, Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments, and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information sections included in Item 7, and Note 21 Legal Proceedings. In this Report, PNC, we, us, the Company or the Corporation refers to The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (except when referring to PNC as a public company, its common stock or other securities issued by PNC, which just refer to The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.). References to The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. or to any of its subsidiaries are specifically made where applicable. 
 
 See page 194 for a glossary of certain terms and acronyms used in this Report. 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 
 Business Overview 
 Headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, we are one of the largest diversified financial institutions in the U.S. We have businesses engaged in retail banking, including residential mortgage, corporate and institutional banking and asset management, providing many of our products and services nationally. Our retail branch network is located coast-to-coast. We also have strategic international offices in Canada, China, Germany and the United Kingdom. At December 31, 2022, our consolidated total assets, total deposits and total shareholders equity were 557.3 billion, 436.3 billion and 45.8 billion, respectively. 
 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1983 with the consolidation of Pittsburgh National Corporation and Provident National Corporation. Since 1983, we have diversified our geographical presence, business mix and product capabilities through organic growth, strategic bank and non-bank acquisitions and equity investments, and the formation of various non-banking subsidiaries. 
 
 Acquisition of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. 
 On June 1, 2021, PNC acquired BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. (BBVA), a U.S. financial holding company conducting its business 
 operations primarily through its U.S. banking subsidiary, BBVA USA. PNC paid 11.5 billion in cash as consideration for the 
 acquisition. 
 
 On October 8, 2021, BBVA USA merged into PNC Bank. On October 12, 2021, PNC converted approximately 2.6 million 
 customers, 9,000 employees and over 600 branches across seven states. Our results of operations and balance sheets for all periods presented in this Report reflect the benefit of BBVA s acquired businesses for the period since the acquisition closed on June 1, 2021. 
 
 For additional information on the acquisition of BBVA, see Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 In the second quarter of 2020, PNC divested its entire 22.4 equity investment in BlackRock. Net proceeds from the sale were 14.2 billion with an after-tax gain on sale of 4.3 billion. BlackRock s historical results are reported as discontinued operations. For additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in BlackRock, see Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Our corporate legal structure at December 31, 2022 consisted of one domestic subsidiary bank, including its subsidiaries, and 59 active non-bank subsidiaries, in addition to various affordable housing investments and historic rehabilitation investments. Our bank subsidiary is PNC Bank, a national bank chartered in Wilmington, Delaware. For additional information on certain of our subsidiaries, see Exhibit 21 to this Report. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 1 

Statistical Disclosure By Bank Holding Companies 
 The following statistical information is included on the indicated pages of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Form 10-K page Average Consolidated Balance Sheet And Net Interest Analysis 190 Analysis Of Year-To-Year Changes In Net Interest Income 191 Maturities And Weighted-Average Yield Of Securities 117 Selected Loan Maturities And Interest Sensitivity 192 Credit Ratios 65, 69 and 70 Allocation Of Allowance For Credit Losses 69 Average Amount And Average Rate Paid On Deposits 190 Uninsured Deposits and Time Deposits 193 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is a BHC registered under the BHC Act and a financial holding company under the GLB Act. More than 99 of the assets of PNC are held in its domestic bank subsidiary, PNC Bank, a national banking association chartered and located in Wilmington, Delaware. 
 
 We are subject to numerous governmental regulations, some of which are highlighted below. See Note 20 Regulatory Matters for additional information regarding our regulatory matters. Applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and investments, impose conditions and requirements on the products and services we offer and the manner in which they are offered and sold, and require compliance with protections for loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, investment management and other customers, among other things. They also restrict our ability to repurchase stock or pay dividends, or to receive dividends from our bank subsidiary, and impose capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. The consequences of noncompliance with these, or other applicable laws or regulations, can include substantial monetary and nonmonetary sanctions. See the additional information included as Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Report discussing the impact of financial regulatory initiatives on the regulatory environment for us and the financial services industry. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to comprehensive supervision and examination by, among other regulatory bodies, the Federal Reserve and the OCC. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws, regulations and supervisory policies of the agency, but also capital levels, asset quality, risk management effectiveness, the ability and performance of management and the board of directors, the effectiveness of internal controls and internal audit function, earnings, liquidity and various other factors. 
 
 The results of examination activity by any of our federal bank regulators potentially can result in the imposition of significant limitations on our activities and growth. These regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity and take enforcement action, including the imposition of substantial monetary penalties and nonmonetary requirements, against a regulated entity where the relevant agency determines, among other things, that the operations of the regulated entity or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with applicable law or regulations, are conducted in an unsafe or unsound manner, or represent an unfair or deceptive act or practice. This supervisory framework, including the examination reports and supervisory ratings (which are not publicly available) of the agencies, could materially impact the conduct, growth and profitability of our operations. 
 
 The CFPB is responsible for examining us for compliance with most federal consumer financial protection laws, including the laws relating to fair lending and prohibiting unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products or services, and for enforcing such laws with respect to PNC Bank and its affiliates. The results of the CFPB s examinations (which are not publicly available) also can result in restrictions or limitations on the operations of a regulated entity as well as enforcement actions against a regulated entity, including the imposition of substantial monetary penalties and nonmonetary requirements. 
 
 We also are subject to regulation by the SEC by virtue of our status as a public company and by the SEC and the CFTC due to the nature of some of our businesses. Our businesses with operations outside the U.S. also are subject to regulation by appropriate authorities in the foreign jurisdictions in which they do business. 
 
 As a regulated financial services firm, our relationships and good standing with regulators are of fundamental importance to the operation and growth of our businesses. The Federal Reserve, OCC, CFPB, SEC, CFTC and other domestic and foreign regulators have broad enforcement powers, and certain of the regulators have the power to approve, deny, or refuse to act upon our applications or notices to conduct new activities, acquire or divest businesses, assets or deposits, expand our operations geographically or reconfigure existing operations. 
 2 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Among the areas that have been receiving a high level of regulatory focus are compliance with the BSA and anti-money laundering laws, capital and liquidity management (including stress testing), the structure and effectiveness of enterprise risk management frameworks, the protection of confidential customer information, cybersecurity, the oversight of arrangements with third-party vendors and suppliers, and compliance with fair lending and other consumer protection laws and regulations, including those governing retail sales practices, fee disclosures, unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, collection practices, protections for military service members and individuals in bankruptcy, and the management of risks associated with the Paycheck Protection Program we participated in to help businesses mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The profitability of our businesses also is affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial sectors in general, including laws governing taxation, antitrust regulation, electronic commerce, data security and privacy. 
 
 There are numerous rules governing the regulation of financial services institutions and their holding companies. Accordingly, the following discussion is general in nature and does not purport to be complete or to describe all of the laws, regulations and policies that apply to us. To a substantial extent, the purpose of the regulation and supervision of financial services institutions and their holding companies is not to protect our shareholders and our non-customer creditors, but rather to protect our customers (including depositors), the financial markets and financial system in general. 
 
 Banking Regulation and Supervision 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements, Stress Testing and Capital Planning . PNC and PNC Bank are subject to the regulatory capital requirements established by the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively. The foundation of the agencies regulatory capital rules is the international regulatory capital framework developed by the Basel Committee, the international body responsible for developing global regulatory standards for banking organizations for consideration and adoption by national jurisdictions. The regulatory capital rules establish minimum requirements for the ratio of a banking organization s regulatory capital to its risk-weighted assets, referred to as risk-based capital requirements, as well as for the ratio of its regulatory capital to measures of assets and other exposures, referred to as leverage capital requirements. The agencies regulatory capital rules have undergone significant change since 2013, when the agencies adopted final rules to implement the Basel Committee s international regulatory capital framework, known as Basel III , as well as certain provisions of Dodd-Frank. In September 2022, the federal banking agencies announced their intent to revise U.S. regulatory capital requirements to align them with the international standards finalized by the Basel Committee in December 2017, which include, among other items, changes to the standardized approach for credit risk, the credit valuation adjustment risk framework, operational risk framework and the leverage ratio framework. These changes could increase capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations, including PNC. 
 
 The federal banking agencies tailor the application of their capital, liquidity and enhanced prudential requirements for banking organizations to the asset size and risk profile (as measured by certain regulatory metrics) of the banking organization. The agencies capital and liquidity rules classify all BHCs with 100 billion or more in total assets into one of four categories (Category I, Category II, Category III and Category IV), with the most stringent capital and liquidity requirements applying to Category I firms and the least restrictive requirements applying to Category IV firms. The classification of any bank subsidiary of a BHC generally follows that of its parent BHC. PNC and PNC Bank currently are Category III firms because PNC (i) has more than 250 billion, but less than 700 billion, in consolidated total assets, (ii) is not designated as a GSIB, and (iii) has less than 75 billion in cross-jurisdictional activity. PNC and PNC Bank would become a Category I or II institution, and subject to more stringent capital and liquidity standards, if PNC were at some point in the future to have 700 billion or more in total consolidated assets, be designated as a GSIB, or have 75 billion or more in cross-jurisdictional activity. As of December 31, 2022, PNC had cross-jurisdictional activities for these purposes of 24.1 billion. 
 
 The regulatory capital rules generally divide regulatory capital into three components: CET1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital (which, together with CET1 capital, comprises Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital is generally common stock, retained earnings, and qualifying minority interests less required deductions. As permitted, PNC and PNC Bank have elected to exclude AOCI related to both available for sale securities and pension and other post-retirement plans from CET1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes, among other things, perpetual preferred stock and qualifying minority interests, less required deductions. Tier 2 capital generally comprises qualifying subordinated debt and, subject to certain quantitative limits, ACL, less any required deductions from Tier 2 capital. The regulatory capital rules limit the extent to which minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries may be included in regulatory capital. Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. 
 
 Under the regulatory capital rules, PNC and PNC Bank must deduct investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, MSRs and deferred tax assets (in each case, net of associated deferred tax liabilities) from CET1 capital to the extent such categories individually exceed 25 of the institution s adjusted CET1 capital. As of December 31, 2022, PNC and PNC Bank s investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, MSRs and deferred tax assets did not exceed this threshold. 
 
 The agencies capital rules also permit banking organizations to elect to phase-in, on a straight-line basis over a three-year period, the day-one regulatory capital effects of implementing the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 3 

- Credit Losses (Topic 326), commonly referred to as the CECL standard. PNC implemented the CECL standard effective January 1, 2020, but elected not to implement the phase-in of the day-one regulatory capital effects of the standard. Separately, the rules permit banking organizations that were subject to CECL during 2020 to delay CECL s estimated impact on CET1 capital. CECL s estimated impact on CET1 capital is the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25 of the change in CECL ACL at the balance sheet date compared to CECL ACL at transition. For institutions electing to utilize this CECL transition rule for regulatory capital, the estimated CECL impact was added to CET1 through December 31, 2021, and will be phased-out over the following three years. PNC and PNC Bank elected this five-year transition period effective March 31, 2020, which impacts the regulatory capital ratios disclosed in this Report. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for more detail on CECL and the ACL. 
 
 PNC and PNC Bank are required to use the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating the risk-based capital ratios. The standardized approach for risk-weighted assets takes into account credit and market risk. To calculate risk-weighted assets under the standardized approach for credit risk, the nominal dollar amounts of assets and credit equivalent amounts of off-balance sheet items are generally multiplied by risk weights set forth in the rules, with the risk weights increasing as the perceived credit risk of the relevant asset or exposure increases. For certain types of exposures, such as securitization exposures, the standardized approach establishes one or more methodologies that are to be used to calculate the risk-weighted asset amount for the exposure. High volatility commercial real estate, past due, and equity exposures, as well as MSRs and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital, are generally subject to higher risk weights than other types of exposures. Under the market risk capital rule, risk-weighted asset amounts for covered trading positions are determined based on the calculation of VaR (including stressed VaR), specific risk, incremental risk and comprehensive risk amounts, as specified in the capital rules. 
 
 We refer to the capital ratios calculated using the definition of capital under the agencies Basel III capital rules and, for the risk-based ratios, standardized risk-weighted assets, as our Basel III regulatory capital ratios. 
 
 The risk-based capital rules establish certain minimum standards for the capital ratios of banking organizations, including PNC and PNC Bank. Banking organizations must maintain a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , and a Total capital ratio of 8.0 , in each case in relation to risk-weighted assets, to be considered adequately capitalized. In 2020, the Federal Reserve introduced a CET1 SCB for BHCs subject to the Federal Reserve s CCAR process, such as PNC. The SCB is calculated based on the difference between a firm s starting and minimum CET1 ratio (as projected by the Federal Reserve) in the supervisory severely adverse scenario during the CCAR process, plus four quarters of the organization s planned common stock dividends (expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets), subject to a floor of 2.5 . Based on PNC s performance under the Federal Reserve s supervisory stress tests as part of CCAR 2022, PNC s SCB for the period from the fourth quarter of 2022 through the third quarter of 2023 was set at 2.9 . While PNC Bank is not subject to a SCB, PNC Bank is required to maintain a capital conservation buffer in the form of CET1 equal to a fixed 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. 
 
 PNC and PNC Bank must maintain risk-based capital above the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements plus its SCB (in the case of PNC) or capital conservation buffer (in the case of PNC Bank) in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividends and repurchases of any Tier 1 capital instrument, such as common and qualifying preferred stock, and certain discretionary incentive compensation payments. As a result, to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary incentive compensation payments, PNC must maintain a CET1 capital ratio of at least 7.4 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.9 , and a Total capital ratio of at least 10.9 , and PNC Bank must maintain a CET1 capital ratio of at least 7.0 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.5 , and a Total capital ratio of at least 10.5 . In addition, while a firm s SCB is typically determined as part of the Federal Reserve s annual CCAR process, the Federal Reserve has the right to conduct supervisory stress tests, require a firm to submit a revised capital plan and calculate a firm s SCB more frequently. BHCs subject to a SCB, such as PNC, generally may increase their capital distributions without seeking prior Federal Reserve approval, provided the BHC otherwise complies with its SCB and any other applicable capital or capital distribution requirements. 
 
 For Category III banking organizations (such as PNC and PNC Bank), the Federal Reserve and OCC can supplement these higher SCB or capital conservation buffer levels above the regulatory minimums by a countercyclical capital buffer of up to an additional 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. This buffer, which must be held in the form of CET1 capital, is currently set at zero in the U.S. A Federal Reserve policy statement establishes the framework and factors the Federal Reserve would use in setting and adjusting the amount of the U.S. countercyclical capital buffer. Covered banking organizations would generally have 12 months after the announcement of any increase in the countercyclical capital buffer to meet the increased buffer requirement, unless the Federal Reserve establishes an earlier effective date. 
 
 The regulatory capital rules also require that banking organizations maintain a minimum amount of Tier 1 capital as compared to average consolidated assets, referred to as the leverage ratio, and require Category III banking organizations to maintain a minimum amount of Tier 1 capital as compared to total leverage exposure, referred to as the supplementary leverage ratio. Total leverage exposure takes into account on-balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure under derivative contracts. Banking organizations are required to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of 4.0 , and Category III banking organizations must maintain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of 
 4 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

3.0 . As of December 31, 2022, the leverage and supplementary leverage ratios of PNC and PNC Bank were above the required minimum level. 
 
 PNC and PNC Bank are not subject to the additional CET1 capital surcharge, minimum long-term debt requirement, minimum total loss-absorbing capacity or enhanced supplementary leverage ratio requirements that apply to U.S. GSIBs. However, it is possible that the agencies will consider applying one or more of these requirements in the future to additional BHCs or insured depository institutions like PNC and PNC Bank. In October 2022, the Federal Reserve and FDIC jointly issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking to solicit input on potential changes to the resolution-related requirements applicable to large banking organizations like PNC that are not GSIBs, including a requirement to maintain loss-absorbing capacity at the bank or holding company in the form of long-term debt. 
 
 Failure to meet applicable capital requirements could subject a banking organization to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal banking agencies, including a limitation on the ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, the issuance of a capital directive to increase capital and, in severe cases, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and the appointment of a conservator or receiver. In some cases, the extent of these powers depends upon whether the institution in question is considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. The thresholds at which an insured depository institution is considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized are based on (i) the institution s CET1, Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios; (ii) the institution s leverage ratio; and (iii) for the definitions of adequately capitalized and undercapitalized , the institution s supplementary leverage ratio (if applicable). Generally, the smaller an institution s capital base in relation to its risk-weighted or total assets, the greater the scope and severity of the agencies powers. Business activities may also be affected by an institution s capital classification. For example, PNC and PNC Bank must remain well capitalized for PNC to continue to take advantage of financial holding company status. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, PNC and PNC Bank exceeded the required ratios for classification as well capitalized. For additional discussion of capital adequacy requirements, including the levels of capital required to be considered well capitalized, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report and Note 20 Regulatory Matters. 
 
 In addition to regulatory capital requirements, we are subject to the Federal Reserve s capital plan rule, capital stress testing requirements and CCAR process, as well as the DFAST requirements of the Federal Reserve and the OCC. 
 
 As part of the CCAR process, the Federal Reserve undertakes a supervisory assessment of the capital planning process of BHCs, including PNC, that have 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For us, this capital planning assessment is based on a review of a comprehensive capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve that describes the company s planned capital actions, such as plans to pay or increase common stock dividends, engage in common stock repurchase programs, or issue or redeem preferred stock or other regulatory capital instruments during a nine quarter review period, as well as the results of stress tests conducted by both the company and the Federal Reserve under different hypothetical macroeconomic scenarios, including a supervisory severely adverse scenario provided by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve s capital plan rule provides that a BHC must resubmit a new capital plan prior to the next annual submission date if, among other things, there has been or will be a material change in the BHC s risk profile, financial condition or corporate structure since its last capital plan submission. 
 
 In evaluating PNC s capital plan, the Federal Reserve also considers a number of qualitative factors. In assessing a BHC s capital planning and stress testing processes, the Federal Reserve considers whether the BHC has sound and effective governance to oversee these processes. The Federal Reserve s evaluation focuses on whether a BHC s capital planning and stress testing processes are supported by a strong risk management framework to identify, measure and assess material risks and that provides a strong foundation to capital planning. The Federal Reserve also considers the comprehensiveness of a BHC s control framework and evaluates a BHC s policy guidelines for capital planning and assessing capital adequacy. A BHC s stress testing scenario design processes and approaches for estimating the impact of stress on its capital position, including stress testing models and non-model qualitative approaches, may be reviewed to ensure that projections reflect the impact of appropriately stressful conditions, as well as risks idiosyncratic to the BHC, on its capital position. Significant deficiencies in a BHC s capital planning and stress testing processes may result in supervisory directives that require the firm to address the identified deficiencies and, potentially, a downgrade in the BHC s supervisory capital positions and planning rating. 
 
 In connection with the 2023 CCAR exercise, we must file our capital plan and stress testing results using financial data as of December 31, 2022, with the Federal Reserve by April 5, 2023. In June 2023, we expect to receive PNC s preliminary SCB for the period from the fourth quarter of 2023 through the third quarter of 2024. The Federal Reserve must provide firms their final SCB for this period by August 31, 2023, which would reflect any changes made to the firm s planned common stock dividends to remain in compliance with the firm s SCB. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 5 

As a Category III institution, PNC must conduct a company-run DFAST stress test biennially in even numbered years and release PNC s projections of certain revenue, loss and capital results from the exercise under the agencies hypothetical supervisory severely adverse macroeconomic scenario and applying the agencies DFAST capital action assumptions. 
 
 As part of the DFAST and annual CCAR processes, the Federal Reserve releases certain revenue, loss and capital results for each participating firm from its supervisory stress testing exercises. 
 
 Regulatory Liquidity Standards and Liquidity Risk Management Requirements . The Basel Committee s Basel III framework also includes short-term liquidity standards and long-term funding standards, such as LCR and NSFR, respectively. 
 
 The U.S. banking agencies LCR rules are designed to ensure that covered banking organizations maintain an adequate level of cash and high-quality liquid assets to meet estimated net liquidity needs in a short-term stress scenario using liquidity inflow and outflow assumptions prescribed in the rules (net cash outflow). A company s LCR is the amount of its high-quality liquid assets divided by its net cash outflows, expressed as a percentage, and as calculated under the rules. The regulatory minimum LCR that covered banking organizations are required to maintain is 100 . PNC and PNC Bank are required to calculate the LCR on a daily basis. If either institution s LCR is below the minimum requirement for three consecutive business days, the institution must promptly provide its regulator with a plan for achieving compliance with the minimum LCR requirement. 
 
 The NSFR is designed to measure the stability of the maturity structure of assets and liabilities of banking organizations over a one-year time horizon. A covered BHC s NSFR is the ratio of its available stable funding to its required stable funding amount (as calculated under the rules) over a one-year horizon. The regulatory minimum ratio for all covered banking organizations (expressed as a percentage) is 100 . PNC and PNC Bank are required to calculate the NSFR on an ongoing basis. If either institution s NSFR falls, or is likely to fall below, the minimum requirement, the institution must provide its regulator with a plan for achieving compliance with the minimum NSFR requirement. 
 
 As Category III institutions with less than 75 billion in weighted short-term wholesale funding, PNC and PNC Bank are subject to reduced LCR and NSFR requirements, with each company s LCR net outflows and NSFR required stable funding (as calculated under the rules) reduced by 15 , thereby reducing the amount of high-quality liquid assets or available stable funding each institution must hold to meet the LCR and NSFR minimum requirements, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, PNC had weighted short-term wholesale funding for these purposes of 33.7 billion. 
 
 The Federal Reserve requires large BHCs, including PNC, to publicly disclose certain quantitative and qualitative measures of their LCR- and NSFR-related liquidity profile. These disclosures include major components used to calculate the LCR and NSFR e.g. , high-quality liquid assets, cash outflows and inflows for the LCR, and available stable funding and required stable funding for the NSFR, at the consolidated parent company), and a qualitative discussion of the BHC s LCR and NSFR results, including, among other things, key drivers of the results, composition of high-quality liquid assets and available stable funding, and concentration of funding sources. 
 
 Additionally, as a Category III institution, PNC also must, among other things, conduct internal liquidity stress tests over a range of time horizons, maintain a buffer of highly liquid assets sufficient to meet projected net outflows under the BHC s 30-day liquidity stress test and maintain a contingency funding plan that meets certain requirements. 
 
 For additional discussion of regulatory liquidity requirements, refer to the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 Source of Parent Company Liquidity and Dividends . The principal source of our liquidity at the parent company level is dividends from PNC Bank. PNC Bank is subject to various restrictions on its ability to pay dividends to PNC Bancorp, Inc., its direct parent, which is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC Bank also is subject to federal laws limiting extensions of credit to its parent holding company and non-bank affiliates as discussed in Note 20 Regulatory Matters. Further information on bank level liquidity and parent company liquidity is also available in the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 Federal Reserve rules provide that a BHC is expected to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support such banks if necessary. Dodd-Frank requires that the Federal Reserve jointly adopt new rules with the OCC and the FDIC to implement this source of strength requirement. These joint rules have not yet been proposed. Consistent with this source of strength policy for subsidiary banks, the Federal Reserve has stated that, as a matter of prudent banking, a BHC generally should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the corporation s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Further, in providing guidance to the large BHCs participating in the CCAR exercise, such as PNC as discussed above, the Federal Reserve has expected capital plans to reflect conservative dividend payout ratios. 
 6 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Enhanced Prudential Requirements . Under Federal Reserve rules, PNC and other BHCs with total consolidated assets of 100 billion or more are subject to various enhanced prudential standards related to liquidity risk management and overall risk management. For PNC, these rules, among other things, establish liquidity stress testing requirements (discussed above), limitations on PNC s aggregate net credit exposures to any single, unaffiliated company (referred to as SCCL), and certain oversight and governance responsibilities for PNC s Chief Risk Officer, the Board of Directors, and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. Under the Federal Reserve s SCCL rules, PNC s aggregate net credit exposure (including exposure resulting from, among other transactions, extensions of credit, repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions, investments in securities and derivative transactions) to any unaffiliated counterparty may not exceed 25 of PNC s Tier 1 capital. 
 
 The Federal Reserve may continue to develop the set of enhanced prudential standards that apply to large BHCs in order to further promote the resiliency of such firms and the U.S. financial system. For additional information, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 
 
 Additional Powers Under the GLB Act . The GLB Act permits a qualifying BHC, such as PNC, to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in, or affiliate with companies engaging in, a broader range of financial activities than would otherwise be permitted for a BHC. Permitted affiliates include securities underwriters and dealers, insurance companies, insurance agents and companies engaged in other activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to be financial in nature or incidental thereto or are determined by the Federal Reserve unilaterally to be complementary to financial activities. We became a financial holding company in 2000. A BHC qualifies to become a financial holding company if the BHC and its subsidiary depository institutions are well capitalized and well managed and its subsidiary depository institutions have a rating under the CRA of Satisfactory or better. Among other activities, we currently rely on our status as a financial holding company to conduct merchant banking activities and securities underwriting and dealing activities. As subsidiaries of a financial holding company under the GLB Act, our non-bank subsidiaries are generally allowed to conduct new financial activities, and we generally are permitted to acquire non-bank financial companies that have less than 10 billion in assets, with after-the-fact notice to the Federal Reserve. 
 
 In addition, the GLB Act permits qualifying national banks to engage in expanded activities through a financial subsidiary. PNC Bank has filed a financial subsidiary certification with the OCC and currently engages in insurance agency activities through financial subsidiaries. PNC Bank may also generally engage through a financial subsidiary in any activity that is determined to be financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Reserve (other than insurance underwriting activities, insurance company investment activities and merchant banking). In order to establish a financial subsidiary, a national bank and each of its depository institution affiliates must be well capitalized and well managed and the national bank and each of its depository institution affiliates must have a CRA rating of Satisfactory or better. 
 
 If a financial holding company or a national bank with a financial subsidiary fails to continue to meet the applicable well capitalized or well managed criteria, the financial holding company or national bank must enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve or the OCC, respectively, that, among other things, identifies how the capital or management deficiencies will be corrected. Until such deficiencies are corrected, the relevant agency may impose limits or conditions on the activities of the company or bank, and the company or bank may not engage in, or acquire a company engaged in, the types of expanded activities only permissible for a financial holding company or financial subsidiary without prior approval of the relevant agency. 
 
 In addition, a financial holding company generally may not engage in a new financial activity authorized by the GLB Act, or acquire a company engaged in such a new activity, if any of its insured depository institutions receives a CRA rating of less than Satisfactory. A national bank s financial subsidiary generally may not engage in a new financial activity authorized by the GLB Act, or acquire a company engaged in such a new financial activity, if the national bank or any of its insured depository institution affiliates received a CRA rating of less than Satisfactory. At December 31, 2022, PNC Bank had a rating of Outstanding with respect to CRA. In May 2022, the federal banking agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the regulations implementing the CRA. The proposal, among other things, would significantly expand the number of areas in which a bank is evaluated under the CRA, change the tests used to evaluate a bank in those areas, and expand the data a bank must collect and report. We expect the federal banking agencies to finalize revisions to the regulations implementing the CRA in 2023, which may increase PNC Bank s obligations and compliance costs necessary to achieve a Satisfactory or Outstanding rating. 
 
 Volcker Rule . The Volcker Rule and its implementing regulations prohibit banking entities from engaging in short-term trading as principal and having certain ownership interests in and relationships with hedge funds, private equity funds, and certain other private funds (together, covered funds ), unless an exemption or exception applies. For example, the exemptions under the Volcker Rule allow banking entities to trade as principal for securities underwriting, market making and risk-mitigating hedging purposes, subject to a variety of conditions. PNC and PNC Bank are subject to simplified and tailored compliance program requirements because each entity has trading assets and liabilities of less than 20 billion. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 7 

Other Federal Reserve and OCC Regulation and Supervision . The federal banking agencies possess broad powers to take corrective action as deemed appropriate based on the actions, operations or risk management programs of a BHC, an insured depository institution or their subsidiaries, and the Federal Reserve and the OCC have the ability to take enforcement action against PNC and PNC Bank, respectively, to prevent and remedy acts and practices that the agency determines to be unfair or deceptive. A finding that we have engaged in a deceptive act or practice may have collateral consequences on our ability to rely on certain exemptions in, or take advantage of certain provisions of, the securities laws absent a government waiver of such restrictions. 
 
 Moreover, less than satisfactory examination ratings, lower capital or liquidity ratios than peer group institutions, or regulatory concerns regarding management, controls, assets, operations or other factors can all potentially result in practical limitations on the ability of a bank or BHC to engage in new activities, grow, acquire new businesses, repurchase its stock or pay dividends or continue to conduct existing activities. Furthermore, the OCC has established certain heightened risk management and governance standards for large banks, including PNC Bank. The guidelines, among other things, establish minimum standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework, describe the appropriate risk management roles and responsibilities of front line units, independent risk management, internal audit, and the board of directors, and provide that a covered bank should have a comprehensive written statement that articulates its risk appetite and serves as a basis for the framework. If the OCC determines that a covered national bank is not in compliance with these or other enforceable guidelines (including guidelines relating to information security standards), the OCC may require the bank to submit a corrective action plan and may initiate enforcement action against the bank if an acceptable plan is not submitted or the bank fails to comply with an approved plan. 
 
 Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s implementing regulation, Regulation W, place quantitative and qualitative restrictions on covered transactions between a bank and its affiliates (for example between PNC Bank, on the one hand, and The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and its non-bank subsidiaries, on the other hand). In general, Section 23A and Regulation W limit the total amount of covered transactions between a bank and any single affiliate to 10 of the bank s capital stock and surplus, limit the total amount of covered transactions between a bank and all its affiliates to 20 of the bank s capital stock and surplus, prohibit a bank from purchasing low-quality assets from an affiliate and require certain covered transactions to be secured with prescribed amounts of collateral. Covered transactions include, among other things, extensions of credit, guarantees and purchases of assets. Section 23B generally requires that transactions between a bank and its affiliates be on terms that are at least as favorable to the bank as the terms that would apply in comparable transactions between the bank and a third party. Dodd-Frank amended Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act to include as a covered transaction the credit exposure of a bank to an affiliate arising from a derivative transaction with the affiliate. The Federal Reserve has yet to propose rules to implement these revisions. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve regulations also place quantitative limitations and conditions on extensions of credit by a bank to its executive officers, directors, or principal shareholders and their related interests (including any company controlled by such persons). Generally, extensions of credit by a bank to such individuals, companies and related interests must comply with certain individual and aggregate lending limits, as well as procedural and qualitative requirements. As a result of the amount of PNC common stock held by its advised mutual funds and other accounts, the Vanguard Group is considered a principal shareholder of PNC Bank for purposes of these regulations. The federal banking agencies have issued an interagency statement addressing the application of these insider lending restrictions to the other portfolio companies owned or controlled by the advised funds and accounts of a fund complex that could be considered a principal shareholder of a bank, which is effective through the sooner of January 1, 2024, and the effective date of a final Federal Reserve rule that addresses the treatment of extensions of credit by a bank to fund complex-controlled portfolio companies that are considered insiders of the bank. The statement explains that the federal banking agencies will continue to exercise discretion to not take enforcement action against either a fund complex that is a principal shareholder of a bank, or a bank for which a fund complex is a principal shareholder, with respect to extensions of credit by the bank to the related interests of such fund complex that otherwise would violate the insider lending restrictions, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 The Federal Reserve and the OCC have provided guidance regarding incentive and other elements of compensation provided to executives and other employees at banking organizations they regulate, both as general industry-wide guidance and guidance specific to select larger companies, including PNC. These guidelines are intended to ensure that the incentive compensation practices of covered banking organizations do not encourage excessive risk-taking. Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, the SEC and two other regulatory agencies to adopt regulations governing incentive compensation provided by regulated financial services companies to their executives and other employees. These agencies jointly proposed regulations in 2011 and again in 2016 to implement these requirements. Final regulations have not been adopted. 
 
 The trust, investment advisory and other fiduciary activities conducted by PNC Bank also are subject to the OCC s regulations governing the fiduciary activities of national banks, as well as applicable state fiduciary laws. The OCC s regulations, among other things, set standards for the administration of fiduciary accounts, prohibit or govern potential conflicts of interests and establish recordkeeping requirements for fiduciary accounts. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s prior approval is required whenever we propose to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of any bank or BHC, or to merge or consolidate with any other BHC. In reviewing the merger of BHCs, the acquisition of banks or the acquisition of voting securities of a 
 8 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

bank or BHC, the factors the Federal Reserve must consider include (i) the competitive effects of the proposal in the relevant geographic markets; (ii) the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the companies and banks involved in the transaction; (iii) the effect of the transaction on the financial stability of the U.S.; (iv) the organizations compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations; (v) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served; and (vi) the records of performance under the CRA of the insured depository institutions involved in the transaction. On July 9, 2021, President Biden signed an executive order that, among other things, recommended that the U.S. Department of Justice and federal banking agencies update guidelines on banking mergers to provide more robust scrutiny of mergers. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s prior approval also is required, and similar factors are considered, for a BHC to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of a savings association or savings and loan holding company, or to merge or consolidate with a savings and loan holding company. In cases involving interstate bank acquisitions, the Federal Reserve also must consider the concentration of deposits nationwide and in certain individual states. A BHC is generally prohibited from merging or consolidating with, or acquiring, another company or bank if upon consummation the resulting company would control 10 or more of deposits in the U.S. or a state, or if the resulting company s liabilities would exceed 10 of the aggregate liabilities of the U.S. financial sector (including the U.S. liabilities of foreign financial companies). In extraordinary cases, the FSOC, in conjunction with the Federal Reserve, could order the break-up of financial firms that are deemed to present a grave threat to the financial stability of the U.S. 
 
 OCC prior approval is required for PNC Bank to acquire another insured bank or savings association by merger or to acquire deposits or substantially all of the assets of such institutions. In deciding whether to approve such a transaction, the OCC is required to consider factors similar to those that must be considered by the Federal Reserve in connection with the acquisition of a bank or BHC. Approval of the OCC and the FDIC is required to merge a non-bank entity into PNC Bank. 
 
 The Federal Reserve also has issued rules governing when a BHC is presumed to control another company for purposes of the BHC Act, thereby causing the company to be considered a subsidiary for purposes of the BHC Act. The rules establish a set of presumptions identifying when a BHC would be deemed to control another company, with the nature and scope of relationships a BHC may have with a non-controlled company e.g. , director or officer representatives, scope of business relationships, etc.) declining as the BHC s voting ownership percentage in the company increases. 
 
 FDIC Insurance and Related Matters . PNC Bank is insured by the FDIC and subject to deposit premium assessments. PNC Bank, as an insured depository institution with over 50 billion in assets and controlled by a BHC with over 500 billion in assets on a consolidated basis, is a highly complex institution under the FDIC s methodology for determining premium assessments. Regulatory matters could increase the cost of FDIC deposit insurance premiums to an insured bank as FDIC deposit insurance premiums are risk based. Therefore, higher fee percentages would be charged to banks that have lower capital ratios or higher risk profiles. These risk profiles take into account, among other things, weaknesses that are found by the primary federal banking regulator through its examination and supervision of the bank and the bank s holdings of assets or liabilities classified as higher risk by the FDIC, including brokered deposits. A negative evaluation by the FDIC or a bank s primary federal banking regulator could increase the costs to a bank and result in an aggregate cost of deposit funds higher than that of competing banks in a lower risk category. 
 
 PNC Bank is subject to certain enhanced deposit insurance recordkeeping requirements adopted by the FDIC, which are designed to assist the FDIC to promptly determine whether, or to what extent, a large bank s deposits are covered by deposit insurance if the bank were to fail. 
 
 Federal banking laws and regulations also apply a variety of requirements or restrictions on insured depository institutions with respect to brokered deposits. For instance, only a well capitalized insured depository institution may accept brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval. In addition, brokered deposits are generally subject to higher outflow assumptions than other types of deposits for purposes of the LCR. The FDIC has issued rules and guidance for determining whether deposits are considered brokered. 
 
 Resolution and Recovery Planning. BHCs that have 100 billion or more in assets, such as PNC, are required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan (including a public summary) that includes, among other things, an analysis of how the company could be resolved in a rapid and orderly fashion if the company were to fail or experience material financial distress. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC may jointly impose restrictions on a covered BHC, including additional capital requirements or limitations on growth, if the agencies jointly determine that the company s plan is not credible or would not facilitate a rapid and orderly resolution of the company under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (or other applicable resolution framework), and additionally could require the company to divest assets or take other actions if the company did not submit an acceptable resolution plan within two years after any such restrictions were imposed. PNC generally must file a resolution plan with the Federal Reserve and FDIC at least once each three-year period, with submissions alternating between a full plan and a plan targeted on certain areas or subjects identified by the agencies. The agencies, however, have reserved the ability to alter the scheduled filing date for a covered company, request an interim update before a covered company s next scheduled filing date and require a covered company to submit a full resolution plan in lieu of a scheduled targeted plan. PNC filed a targeted resolution plan in December 2021 and received feedback from the agencies in December 2022 that did not identify any shortcomings or deficiencies in PNC s plan. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 9 

In addition to the proposed long-term debt requirements noted above, the Federal Reserve s and FDIC s October 2022 advance notice of proposed rulemaking solicited input on other potential changes to the resolution-related requirements applicable to large banking organizations like PNC that are not GSIBs. The advance notice of proposed rulemaking solicited comments and posed specific questions on whether to impose GSIB-like resolution requirements on large banking organizations that are not GSIBs, including a clean holding company requirement that would prohibit top-tier holding companies from entering certain financial arrangements (such as short-term borrowing or derivative contracts), separability requirements, the Federal Reserve s supervisory guidance on recovery planning, and certain disclosure requirements currently applicable to GSIBs. Such requirements could, among other things, increase PNC s borrowing costs, require the implementation of new operational capabilities, and require changes to PNC s resolution strategies at the holding company level and bank level. 
 
 The FDIC also requires large insured depository institutions, including PNC Bank, to periodically submit a resolution plan (including a public summary) to the FDIC that includes, among other things, an analysis of how the institution could be resolved under the FDI Act in a manner that protects depositors and limits losses or costs to creditors of the bank in accordance with the FDI Act. In January 2021, the FDIC lifted the moratorium that it had instituted on resolution plan filings by insured depository institutions. PNC Bank filed its resolution plan in December 2022 and is awaiting feedback from the FDIC. 
 
 PNC Bank also is subject to OCC guidelines that establish standards for recovery planning. These guidelines require a covered bank to develop and maintain a recovery plan that is evaluated and updated annually that, among other things, identifies a range of options that could be undertaken by the covered bank to restore its financial strength and viability should identified triggering events occur. The recovery plan guidelines are enforceable in the same manner as the other guidelines the OCC has established. 
 
 CFPB Regulation and Supervision . The CFPB examines PNC and PNC Bank for compliance with a broad range of federal consumer financial laws and regulations, including the laws and regulations that relate to deposit products, credit card, mortgage, automobile, student and other consumer loans, and other consumer financial products and services that we offer. The consumer financial protection laws that are subject to the CFPB s supervision and enforcement powers include, among others, the Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Electronic Funds Transfer Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Debt Collections Practices Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Fair Housing Act. The CFPB also has authority to take enforcement actions to prevent and remedy acts and practices relating to consumer financial products and services that it deems to be unfair, deceptive or abusive, and to impose new disclosure requirements for any consumer financial product or service. 
 
 The CFPB may issue regulations that impact products and services offered by PNC or PNC Bank. The regulations could reduce the fees that we receive, require that we provide additional consumer disclosures, alter the way we provide our products and services, impair our ability to compete with other providers of financial products or services, or expose us to greater risk of private litigation or regulatory enforcement action. The CFPB has engaged in rulemakings that affect, among other things, consumer remittance transfers, the qualified mortgage definition under the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and payday, vehicle title, and certain high-cost installment loans and may establish, or modify, rules governing other aspects of consumer financial products or services in the future. 
 
 Securities and Derivatives Regulation 
 Our registered broker-dealers and investment adviser subsidiaries are subject to the Exchange Act, and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, respectively, and related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. These rules, for example, require that broker-dealers and investment advisers act in a customer s best interest when making investment recommendations to retail customers, which includes managing conflicts of interest, providing required disclosures and exercising a duty of care in making investment recommendations. FINRA is the primary self-regulatory organization for our registered broker-dealer subsidiaries. Our broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries also are subject to additional regulation by states or local jurisdictions. 
 
 The SEC and FINRA have active enforcement functions that oversee broker-dealers and investment advisers and can bring actions that result in fines, restitution, a limitation on permitted activities, disqualification to continue to conduct certain activities and an inability to rely on certain favorable exemptions. Certain types of infractions and violations also can affect our ability to expeditiously issue new securities into the capital markets. In addition, certain changes in the activities of a broker-dealer require approval from FINRA, and FINRA takes into account a variety of considerations in acting upon applications for such approval, including internal controls, capital levels, management experience and quality, prior enforcement and disciplinary history and supervisory concerns. 
 
 The CFTC regulates swap dealers, other than security-based swap dealers, which are regulated by the SEC. PNC Bank is provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC. Because of the limited volume of our security-based swap dealing activities, PNC Bank has not registered (and currently does not intend to register) with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer. 
 
 PNC Bank s derivatives and foreign exchange businesses are subject to the regulations and requirements imposed on CFTC-registered swap dealers, and the CFTC (and for certain delegated responsibilities, the National Futures Association) has a meaningful 
 10 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

supervisory role with respect to PNC Bank s derivatives and foreign exchange businesses. The CFTC s regulations are intended to (i) address systemic risk issues, (ii) bring greater transparency to the derivatives and foreign exchange markets, (iii) provide enhanced disclosures and protections to customers and (iv) promote market integrity. Among other things, these regulations (i) require that, absent certain specified exemptions, most standardized swaps be centrally cleared through a regulated clearing house and be traded on a centralized exchange or swap execution facility; (ii) subject PNC Bank to capital requirements in excess of historical practice; (iii) subject PNC Bank to comprehensive recordkeeping, regulatory reporting and real-time public reporting requirements; (iv) subject PNC Bank to various business conduct requirements, including the provision of daily marks to counterparties and disclosing to counterparties (pre-execution) the material risks, material incentives and any conflicts of interest associated with their swap; (v) impose special duties on PNC Bank when transacting a swap with a special entity e.g. , governmental agency (federal, state or local) or political subdivision thereof, pension plan or endowment); and (vi) impose margin requirements on certain swaps that are not centrally cleared through a regulated clearing house. 
 
 The regulations and requirements applicable to PNC Bank, as a provisionally registered CFTC swap dealer, impose compliance burdens on PNC Bank and introduce additional legal risks (including as a result of applicable anti-fraud and anti-manipulation provisions and private rights of action). In addition, failure to comply with the pay-to-play regulations that govern our swap and municipal securities businesses could result in limitations on PNC Bank s ability to conduct swap and municipal securities business with state or local governments and their authorities. 
 
 Regulations of Other Agencies 
 In addition to regulations issued by the federal banking, securities and derivatives regulators, we also are subject to regulations issued by other federal agencies with respect to certain financial products and services we offer. For example, certain of our fiduciary, brokerage and investment management activities are subject to regulations issued by the Department of Labor under ERISA and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Competition 
 We are subject to intense competition from other regulated banking organizations, as well as various other types of financial institutions and non-bank entities that can offer a number of similar products and services without being subject to bank regulatory supervision and restrictions. 
 
 Our businesses compete for deposits and/or loans with: 
 Other commercial banks, 
 Savings banks, 
 Credit unions, 
 Consumer finance companies, 
 Leasing companies, 
 Other non-bank lenders, 
 Financial technology companies, 
 Treasury management service companies, 
 Insurance companies, 
 Issuers of commercial paper and other securities, including mutual funds, and 
 Other international money transfer businesses. 
 
 In providing asset management services, our businesses compete with: 
 Investment management firms, 
 Large banks and other financial institutions, 
 Brokerage firms, 
 Financial technology companies, 
 Mutual fund complexes, and 
 Insurance companies. 
 
 Our various non-bank businesses engaged in investment banking and alternative investment activities compete with: 
 Commercial banks, 
 Investment banking firms, 
 Collateralized loan obligation managers, 
 Hedge funds, 
 Mutual fund complexes, 
 Merchant banks, 
 Insurance companies, 
 Private equity firms, and 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 11 

Other investment vehicles. 
 
 Competition is based on a number of factors including pricing, product structure, the range of products and services offered and the quality of customer service. Loan pricing, structure and credit standards are extremely important as we seek to achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Deposit-taking activities are also subject to pricing pressures and to customer migration as a result of intense competition for deposits and investments. Competitors may seek to compete with us through traditional channels such as physical locations or through digital channels such as the internet or mobile applications. We include here by reference the additional information regarding competition and factors affecting our competitive position included in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 
 
 Human Capital 
 We place great importance on having the right people in the right roles, with the right skills, and doing their best work. By focusing on the growth and development of our talented team members, we believe we are best positioned to deliver results for our customers. We believe when our employees deliver for our customers, they deliver for our communities and shareholders as well. 
 
 PNC devotes substantial resources to managing and developing human capital. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of our human capital management strategies, programs and policies developed by our Chief Human Resources Officer and senior management team and is assisted by our Board s Nominating and Governance and Human Resources Committees. Our Management Level Executive Committee assists and makes recommendations to our Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors on human capital matters. 
 
 The Board of Directors also includes a Special Committee on Equity Inclusion, which assists the Board in its oversight of management s equity and inclusion efforts. Additionally, under the leadership of the Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer, PNC operates a corporate responsibility department. The Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer is a member of the Executive Committee, reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors provides formal oversight of the company s corporate responsibility strategy and regularly reviews policies, programs and strategies foundational to the work of the corporate responsibility department. Additionally, our Corporate Diversity Council is co-chaired by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Diversity Officer and includes senior leaders from across the organization. The council is responsible for overseeing strategic corporate initiatives that impact the creation and sustainment of an inclusive corporate culture and a talented, diverse workforce. 
 
 Employees totaled 61,545 at December 31, 2022. This total included 59,894 full-time and 1,651 part-time employees, of which 32,467 full-time and 1,577 part-time employees were employed in our Retail Banking business. 
 
 Part of PNC s ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and retain and develop our existing employees. In support of our employees, our strategic human capital goals include: 
 Advancing PNC s talent-focused culture by developing strong leaders who exemplify our Leadership Standards, a set of standards designed to hold managers accountable for intentional inclusion, living our corporate values, enabling change, achieving results and developing the best talent and providing them with the tools and insights to effectively manage our people. 
 Focusing on the development and retention of diverse, high performing talent and providing employees with opportunities for professional growth, career mobility and health and financial wellness. 
 Supporting a strong, ethical culture anchored in our corporate values and doing the right thing for our employees, customers, communities and shareholders. 
 Continuing to focus on improving workforce diversity and creating an equitable and inclusive work place. 
 
 In managing our employees, we focus on these key factors: 
 Recruiting, developing and retaining talent . We believe recruiting, developing and retaining talent starts with our leaders, and we measure our managers against our Leadership Standards. Our talent priority is to invest in the development of our internal talent and to provide career advancement opportunities to our employees. We measure how many open requisitions we fill with internal candidates, participation in early career development programs and turnover. At our first-level and above career bands we fill approximately 56 of our open requisitions with internal candidates, which has a direct impact on our ability to retain and develop our people. In addition, we hire approximately 500 interns and 500 full-time development program associates each year from our 11 early career development programs that support each of our lines of business and support areas. 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion . We focus on attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce that reflects and is equipped to meet the needs of our diverse customer base. Based on employee self-disclosure, we measure representation of LGBTQ+, people with disabilities, veterans and women, and across all races and certain ethnicities. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 59 of PNC s workforce and 51 of PNC s employees in managerial roles were women. People of color represented approximately 35 of PNC s workforce, including 26 of our employees in managerial roles, as of 
 12 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

December 31, 2022. As part of building a pipeline of diverse talent, 73 of the early career development program participants in 2022 were diverse, including LGBTQ+, women, veterans, people of color and those with a disability. 
 Total rewards . We are committed to providing competitive compensation and benefits programs as part of our overall strategy to retain and recruit diverse talent. We design our compensation and benefits programs to focus on three key aspects of employee well-being: health, money and quality of life. These programs include competitive base salaries and, depending on eligibility, cash incentive and/or stock-based award opportunities, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, a 401(k) Plan with employer match, a pension plan, healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, health savings and dependent care flexible spending accounts, paid time off, paid maternity and parental leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, a robust wellness program with incentives, adoption assistance, employee assistance programs and educational assistance, among others. Additionally, we conduct pay equity analyses to determine if employees are being compensated fairly and consistently across roles. 
 Employee engagement . Twice a year, PNC conducts employee surveys to measure employee engagement because we believe that engaged employees have lower attrition rates and improved customer outcomes. 
 
 Climate Change Strategy 
 
 We recognize that environmental issues, such as climate change, could pose significant financial, legal and reputational risk to PNC. We support the transition to a low-carbon economy by striving to manage our physical footprint in a sustainable manner, incorporating climate-related risk considerations into our ERM framework, integrating responsible investing strategies into our investment and portfolio management practices, and helping clients finance their own sustainability goals. These tenets have been incorporated into our Climate Action Strategy that was formalized at the start of 2022 to set us on a pathway to finance the transition to a low-carbon economy. Our approach will be iterative and flexible, highlighting five main areas: employee engagement; long-term collaboration with stakeholders, external partners and industry groups; support for our customers transition plans; executing on our own operation sustainability goals; and portfolio alignment over time, emphasizing climate risk identification and management, and financed emissions calculations as initial work sets. 
 
 Our governance of climate issues seeks to ensure an appropriate balancing of environmental considerations with other organizational priorities as we pursue our purpose of helping all of our stakeholders move forward financially. PNC s Board oversees the environmental, social and governance issues most relevant to PNC s business and our climate change-related efforts. Specific internal working groups, engaging with relevant stakeholders within PNC, then carry out these efforts. In addition, we have an established risk management framework that helps identify, assess, monitor and report on environmental and social risks, including those related to climate change. PNC s recently established Climate Risk Committee specifically oversees the integration of climate-related risks into the ERM Framework. 
 
 We assess climate change risks under two distinct categories: transition risks and physical risks. Transition risks are experienced as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy and becomes less reliant upon fossil fuels. They can be reputational in nature or driven by changes in the market, technology and/or policy. Because transition risks are typically experienced to a greater degree in the short- to medium-term, they are dependent upon near-term policy decisions. Physical risks arise from risks associated with natural perils, such as hurricanes, fires, floods and drought. Physical risks may increase due to a changing climate, and we believe such increased risks are realized to a greater degree in the medium- to long-term. Transition and physical risks each requires a different risk management approach, and we explore a range of possible outcomes to gain insight on how to best manage these risks. 
 
 For more information on PNC s climate change-related risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors and the Credit Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 SEC Reports and Corporate Governance Information 
 We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance with the Exchange Act, we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Our SEC File Number is 001-09718. 
 
 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, including exhibits, proxy and information statements, and other information about issuers, like us, who file electronically with the SEC. You can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information about us at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005. 
 
 We make our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act available free of charge on our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our corporate internet address is www.pnc.com, and you can find this information at www.pnc.com/secfilings. Shareholders and bondholders may obtain copies of these filings without charge by contacting PNC Investor Relations at 800-843-2206 or via the request financial information form at www.pnc.com/investorrelations for copies without exhibits, or via e-mail to 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 13 

investor.relations@pnc.com for copies of exhibits, including financial statement and schedule exhibits where applicable. The interactive data file (XBRL) exhibit is only available electronically. 
 
 Information about our Board of Directors and its committees and corporate governance, including our PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as amended from time to time), is available on our website at www.pnc.com/corporategovernance. In addition, any future waivers from a provision of the PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covering any of our directors or executive officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller) will be posted at this internet address. 
 
 Shareholders who would like to request printed copies of the PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or our Corporate Governance Guidelines or the charters of our Board s Audit, Nominating and Governance, Human Resources, or Risk Committees (all of which are posted on our website at www.pnc.com/corporategovernance) may do so by sending their requests to our Corporate Secretary at The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc at The Tower at PNC Plaza, 300 Fifth Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222-2401. Copies will be provided without charge. 
 
 Internet Information 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. s financial reports and information about its products and services are available on the internet at www.pnc.com. We provide information for investors on our corporate website under About Us Investor Relations. We use our Twitter account, @pncnews, as an additional way of disseminating to the public information that may be relevant to investors. 
 
 We generally post the following under About Us Investor Relations shortly before or promptly following its first use or release: financially-related press releases, including earnings releases and supplemental financial information, various SEC filings, including annual, quarterly and current reports and proxy statements, presentation materials associated with earnings and other investor conference calls or events, and access to live and recorded audio from earnings and other investor conference calls or events. In some cases, we may post the presentation materials for other investor conference calls or events several days prior to the call or event. For earnings and other conference calls or events, we generally include in our posted materials a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking and non-GAAP financial information, and we provide GAAP reconciliations when we include non-GAAP financial information. Such GAAP reconciliations may be in materials for the applicable presentation, in materials for prior presentations or in our annual, quarterly or current reports. 
 
 When warranted, we will also use our website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding PNC instead of using a press release or a filing with the SEC for first disclosure of the information. In some circumstances, the information may be relevant to investors but directed at customers, in which case it may be accessed directly through the home page rather than About Us - Investor Relations. 
 
 We are required to provide additional public disclosure regarding estimated income, losses and pro forma regulatory capital ratios under supervisory and PNC-developed hypothetical severely adverse economic scenarios, as well as information concerning our capital stress testing processes, pursuant to the stress testing regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. We are also required to make certain additional regulatory capital-related public disclosures about our capital structure, risk exposures, risk assessment processes, risk-weighted assets and overall capital adequacy, including market risk-related disclosures, under the regulatory capital rules adopted by the Federal banking agencies. Similarly, the Federal Reserve s rules require quantitative and qualitative disclosures about our LCR and, beginning in 2023, our NSFR. Under these regulations, we may satisfy these requirements through postings on our website, and we have done so and expect to continue to do so without also providing disclosure of this information through filings with the SEC. 
 
 Other information posted on our corporate website that may not be available in our filings with the SEC includes information relating to our corporate governance and annual communications from our chairman to shareholders. 
 
 Where we have included internet addresses in this Report, such as our internet address and the internet address of the SEC, we have included those internet addresses as inactive textual references only. Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this Report, information on those websites is not part hereof. 
 
 14 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. Thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. 
 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk taking with revenue generation and profitability. We discuss our principal risk management oversight and processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance and other metrics in the Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 The following are the material risk factors that affect us of which we are currently aware. Any one or more of these risk factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. These risk factors and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this Report. Thus, the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face. 
 
 Summary 
 The following is a summary of the Risk Factors in this Item 1A: 
 
 Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. 
 The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies and the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy, interest rates, overall financial market performance and banking organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance and our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets. 
 The scheduled cessation of LIBOR presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by PNC that use LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 Climate change-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. 
 We are subject to risks related to the use of technology which is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property. We could also suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology, including as a result of third-party breaches of data security either at PNC or at third parties handling PNC information. 
 Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, the concentration and mix of our assets, market interest rates and movements in those rates and changes in the values of financial assets. 
 We are subject to risks related to the selection of accounting methods, inaccurate estimates and assumptions and to risks related to poorly designed and implemented models that are extensively used in our business. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment and our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees and we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation. 
 We are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and internal systems and on third-party vendors, service providers and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control. 
 We are subject to risks related to growing our business by acquiring other financial services business from time to time as these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into PNC after closing. 
 
 Risks Related to the Economy and Other External Factors, Including Regulation 
 Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. 
 
 As a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the U.S. 
 
 Declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns and higher inflation and unemployment. This may be further exacerbated by the expiration of pandemic-related government assistance in the U.S., which could lead to a decrease in economic activity and a deterioration in households finances, particularly if consumers also continue to face high inflation. In addition, periods of inflation may affect certain of our costs or expenses (including increasing our cost of capital and labor), erode consumer and customer purchasing power, confidence and spending and may also reduce our tolerance for extending credit. Increases in costs or expenses impacting our customers operations and financial performance, such as the interest rates payable on their debt obligations, could increase our credit risk or decrease the demand for our products and services. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 15 

While the U.S. economy has generally improved since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we now operate in an uncertain economic environment as a result of the impacts of the pandemic and responsive measures to manage it, high inflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in the labor markets, volatile energy prices and geopolitical tensions (including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict). These conditions may not abate in the near term, and their continuation could materially adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such economic conditions also have led and may continue to lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. Any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, with the significance of the impact generally depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions. 
 
 Even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. This can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy. For example, shifting consumer behavior with respect to retail purchases being made over the internet rather than in physical stores has negatively impacted performance by some retailers. This likely decreases demand for financial services in that sector, possibly harming the creditworthiness of some shopping mall operators, retail companies and others with whom we do business. As another example, we could experience an increase in credit losses as a result of structural and secular changes fostered by the pandemic for certain sectors of the economy. In addition, remote work has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect commercial real estate, as well as businesses whose customers have historically been office workers. Affected companies have experienced and may continue to experience lower levels of business and possible declining creditworthiness. 
 
 Given the geographic scope of our business and operations, we are most exposed to issues within the U.S. economy and financial markets. Our foreign business activities continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. As a result, the direct impact on our business and financial performance from economic conditions outside the U.S. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expanded our foreign business more than nominally. We are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the U.S. 
 
 Throughout the remainder of this Risk Factors section, we address specific ways in which economic issues could create risk for us and result in adverse impacts on our business and financial performance. 
 
 The impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 
 
 Changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter their behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. Such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. PNC may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. Uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts. In addition, the application of some laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations. Congress and the agencies that regulate us have changed and may continue to change the laws and policies that are applicable to us, including their interpretations of rules and guidelines, which has subjected and may continue to subject financial institutions like us to heightened levels of regulation and supervision and more stringent enforcement and potentially severe penalties. For example, the increased time frames and difficulty in obtaining regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities could affect our ability to make acquisitions or introduce new products and services. As another example, tax laws and tax rates may be subject to significant change and an increase in our effective tax rates could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, these changes may adversely impact our operations or financial condition as discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and the way they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand. 
 
 Some of the legislation responsive to the COVID-19 pandemic (such as the CARES Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act that provided for certain commercial and consumer protections) altered the profitability of the transactions in which we engage, and other laws related to employee benefits increased administrative, compensation and benefits costs to us. Other such laws may be enacted in response to other extraordinary events beyond PNC s control that have similar or broader effects on us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, possibly materially, in other ways that are not now known to us. 
 
 Concern regarding the ability of Congress and the President collectively to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial governmental shutdowns, also can have adverse economic consequences and create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance. Divided control of the U.S. government may increase concern over the inability of Congress and the President to reach necessary agreements and make government shutdowns or defaults in government obligations more likely. 
 
 The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance. 
 
 The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, including changes in the federal funds rate, open market operations and balance sheet management, have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance and volatility. These policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial 
 16 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

companies such as PNC. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and that we pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. Rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. 
 
 The FOMC has increased its benchmark rates from a range of 0 to 0.25 from March 2020 through 2021 to 4.75 as of February 1, 2023 in an effort to reduce high rates of inflation. Although we may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results, we anticipate that the FOMC will increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in March. This would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75 to 5.00 by mid-March. We expect a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the FOMC s 2 long-term objective. 
 
 In addition, actions by governmental authorities in other countries, including with respect to monetary policy, could impact financial markets and global interest rates, which could affect rates in the U.S. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, any of which could have potential effects on us as described above. 
 
 Some of the potential impacts on our business and results of governmental monetary policy are described in Risk Factors under the heading Risks Related to the Business of Banking. 
 
 As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. These regulations and the way they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is a BHC and a financial holding company, with the Federal Reserve as its primary regulator. PNC Bank is a federally chartered bank, with the OCC as its primary regulator. In addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. We are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil enforcement authorities. 
 
 As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations, with multiple regulators or agencies having supervisory or enforcement oversight over aspects of our business activities. These laws, regulations and supervisory activities are intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, consumer protection and to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing and are not primarily intended to protect PNC security holders. In addition to regulation in the U.S., we are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the U.S. 
 
 Applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and investments and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. We also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities. Over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. Legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or new requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business. In particular, the financial services industry continues to face heightened scrutiny, particularly with respect to BSA and AML compliance requirements and consumer compliance and protection matters. For example, under Dodd-Frank, the CFPB has broad authority to protect consumers from unfair, deceptive and abusive acts or practices, the definition of which is being clarified through heightened instances of CFPB enforcement actions and proceedings. 
 
 The Federal Reserve requires a BHC to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. The Federal Reserve could require PNC to commit resources to PNC Bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of PNC or its shareholders or creditors. 
 
 Federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. The results of routine and non-routine supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith, or otherwise require us to modify our businesses practices in a manner that materially impacts our financial condition or results of operations. These activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive and difficult to implement. In addition, another financial institution s violation of law or regulation may give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities of PNC. 
 
 As we expand our product and service offerings into additional markets, domestic or foreign, either through organic growth or acquisition, we have faced and will continue to face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. Different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance. 
 
 A failure to comply, or to have adequate policies and procedures designed to comply, with regulatory requirements and expectations exposes us to the risk of damages, fines and regulatory penalties and other regulatory or enforcement actions or consequences, such as limitations on activities otherwise permissible for us or additional requirements for engaging in new activities and could also injure our reputation with customers and others with whom we do business. We also rely on third parties who may expose us to compliance 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 17 

risk. A failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit PNC s ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities. 
 
 See the immediately following Risk Factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation. Also see the Supervision and Regulation section of this Report for more information concerning the regulation of PNC, including those areas that have been receiving a high level of regulatory focus. Note 20 Regulatory Matters also discusses some of the regulations applicable to us. 
 
 We are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 
 PNC and PNC Bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively. These regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the Basel Committee and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. Domestic regulatory agencies can apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the Basel Committee. In several instances, the U.S. banking agencies have done so with respect to U.S. banking organizations. 
 
 Requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. For example, PNC s ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to PNC s compliance with its SCB, which is determined at least annually through the Federal Reserve s CCAR process. The Federal Reserve can also impose additional limitations on capital distributions, such as the limitations on distributions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the 2007-2008 financial crisis. In addition, dividends from PNC Bank and, to a lesser extent, non-bank subsidiaries are PNC s principal source of funds to, among other things, pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock. Many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prohibit or limit dividends to PNC. Limitations on PNC s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including PNC Bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock, especially to the extent that PNC must first service any outstanding debt obligations. 
 
 Capital and liquidity requirements may also impact the amount and type of loans we make. We may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. We may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets underlying risks. In addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective. 
 
 The Basel Committee continues to develop policies and standards for the prudential regulation of banks. See the Supervision and Regulation section of this Report. Generally, as it is unclear whether or how these initiatives will be implemented in the U.S., we are unable to estimate what potential impact such initiatives may have on us. We expect the federal banking agencies to propose rules in 2023 to implement the capital- and liquidity-related final set of Basel III standards issued by the Basel Committee in December 2017. 
 
 Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to regular review and revision by the Basel Committee and the U.S. banking agencies. For example, under the 2019 Tailoring Rules, certain BHCs are classified as Category I, Category II, Category III or Category IV firms. While PNC and PNC Bank currently are Category III firms, if PNC or PNC Bank became a Category I or II institution, we would be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity standards, which would likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above. Future changes to the capital and liquidity rules to require PNC or PNC Bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity would also likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above. 
 
 The regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks, as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards that are applicable to PNC, including related proposed rules, are discussed in the Supervision and Regulation section of this Report and the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could significantly impact our liquidity, funding costs and access to the capital markets. 
 
 Our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of PNC and PNC Bank, and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with or lend to us. For example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages. Downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits. In addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments under derivative contracts with certain counterparties. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings and outlooks. For information on our credit ratings, see the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report. 

18 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The scheduled cessation of LIBOR presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by PNC that use LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 
 A significant portion of our transactions involve variable or adjustable interest rates that are calculated by adding a contractually defined credit spread to a base or reference rate. Until recently, LIBOR was the reference rate used for a substantial majority of our transactions involving variable or adjustable interest rates, including those in which we lend money, issue securities, or purchase and sell securities issued by others, as well as many derivative transactions that we enter into to manage our or our customers risk. We also service variable or adjustable-rate financial instruments entered into by others that have historically commonly used LIBOR as the reference rate. Based upon guidance communicated by the Federal Reserve and other official sector representatives, PNC stopped entering into new USD LIBOR contracts as of December 31, 2021, subject to certain limited exceptions. However, we maintain a sizable book of owned and serviced LIBOR reference rate assets. For more information on our LIBOR reference rate assets, see the Market Risk Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Report. 
 
 As announced by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, as of June 30, 2023, the current form of USD LIBOR will no longer be available, and any alternative form of USD LIBOR published using a new methodology for rate calculation i.e. , synthetic LIBOR would not be a representative rate. As a result, most USD LIBOR reference rate assets will require a replacement reference rate on or about that time. That replacement reference rate will either be implemented consistent with contractual terms or by operation of law. 
 
 Currently, SOFR is the alternative reference rate replacing USD LIBOR for most types of transactions and, under recently enacted federal legislation addressing LIBOR cessation, is the replacement reference rate to be used for certain LIBOR contracts when LIBOR cessation occurs, including those that do not include terms for determining a replacement reference rate. LIBOR and SOFR are based on different inputs. LIBOR is intended to reflect the borrowing cost of certain global banks, while SOFR is derived from rates on overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase transactions, which are essentially overnight loans secured by U.S. Treasury securities. To address differences between LIBOR and SOFR, certain industry-recommended LIBOR contract provisions that provide a mechanism to transition to a SOFR reference rate include the concept of an adjustment spread. The adjustment spread is applied when a LIBOR-based contract moves to the SOFR replacement reference rate. These recommended adjustment spreads are based on a five-year median look-back of the historical spot difference between the applicable LIBOR tenor and the applicable SOFR tenor and were fixed on March 5, 2021 as a result of announcements by ICE Benchmark Administration (the administrator of LIBOR) and the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the regulatory supervisor of the IBA) of the dates after which all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided or will no longer be representative. The same adjustment spreads will also be operational under current federal law. 
 
 Changing the reference rate to SOFR is highly likely to result in some value transfer between parties to instruments originally based on LIBOR, and we have experienced some value transfer in connection with instruments that have been amended away from LIBOR in anticipation of its cessation. That value transfer arises because no reference rate will replicate LIBOR exactly, and, accordingly, any replacement reference rate will not behave identically to LIBOR over time. 
 
 Any value transfer could be financially adverse or beneficial to us or to the other contracting parties (such as a borrower, derivative counterparty or bond holder). Impacts from a change in reference rate would likely include changes to the yield on, and value of, loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into and the trading market for LIBOR-based securities. Any theoretical benefit to us could result in counterparty dissatisfaction, which could impair relationships that result in loss of business or could lead to litigation (potentially as class actions). As a result, over the life of a transaction that transitions from LIBOR to a replacement reference rate, our monetary obligations to a counterparty (or its obligations to us) and the yield we receive (or pay) from the transaction with that counterparty may change from that which would have resulted from a continuation of LIBOR. 
 
 Another set of risks associated with LIBOR cessation relates to how the transition from LIBOR to another rate will be implemented. For some instruments, the method of transitioning to a replacement reference rate may be challenging, especially where the contract does not provide for a transition upon LIBOR ceasing or becoming a nonrepresentative rate, or where the relevant contractual language relating to a potential transition is ambiguous or inadequate under the circumstances. 
 
 For example, most bilateral, uncleared LIBOR-based interest rate derivative contracts executed prior to January 25, 2021, did not include adequate contractual provisions to address LIBOR cessation. In response, ISDA published a protocol pursuant to which industry participants can agree with any other industry participant that adheres to the protocol to include ISDA s new LIBOR replacement provisions into legacy derivative contracts. However, the new ISDA replacement provisions and the replacement provisions that have been adopted for loans would result in a mismatch between the replacement reference rate included in our borrowers legacy derivative contracts and their loans for which such derivative contracts are intended as a hedge. Further, although we have adhered to the ISDA protocol, many end users of swaps i.e. , our borrowers who have hedged their interest rate payment obligations) have not adhered, and we do not expect them to adhere. For these end-user counterparties, one-on-one negotiation with each counterparty is necessary to amend legacy derivative contracts to adequately address LIBOR ceasing or becoming a non-representative rate. If we are unable to agree to appropriate LIBOR cessation provisions with these counterparties, the federal law addressing LIBOR cessation will incorporate replacement provisions into these derivative contracts. However, the statutory replacement provisions may not align with replacement provisions in a loan for which the derivative contracts are intended as a hedge. As a result, addressing transition under these circumstances may be challenging, increases the risk of counterparty dissatisfaction, and, in some cases, may involve concessions on our part that have the effect of reducing the value of those instruments to us. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 19 

We have other contracts that do contemplate the cessation or nonrepresentative status of LIBOR, but they do so in manners that may create other risks. For example, some contracts provide for selecting replacement rates in a manner that presents significant challenges (such as by assuming that there would be a rate calculated substantially in the same manner as LIBOR is calculated) or that gives us or another party absolute discretion to select a replacement reference rate. Some provide for determination of a replacement reference rate without providing for use of an adjustment spread to account for the difference in the reference rates. In these types of cases, there will likely be uncertainty surrounding transition, in addition to all of the risks described in this Risk Factor. 
 
 Transitioning from LIBOR to alternative reference rates also may result in operational errors during the transition such that the replacement rate is not applied in a timely manner or is incorrectly applied. This is particularly true given the volume of contracts that will require transition, the diversity of potential approaches to transition and the possibility that the period during which the transition will need to take place may have a short duration. Our failure to successfully implement the transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates increases the risk of regulatory scrutiny and actions by our regulators, including fines and other supervisory sanctions. It is also possible that LIBOR quotes will become unavailable prior to the currently anticipated cessation dates. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. These risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition. 
 
 Transitioning from LIBOR to alternative reference rates also impacts certain of our hedge accounting strategies. Uncertainty about the application of ASC 848 Reference Rate Reform to pooled cash flow hedge strategies introduces accounting risk that could affect our ability to apply this accounting in the future. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for more information about reference rate reform accounting standards impacts. 
 
 To address LIBOR cessation and the associated risks, we have established an enterprise LIBOR transition program. Any failure of this program to appropriately assess and mitigate risk and deliver in a timely manner on operationalizing our ability to transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates could magnify the risks previously outlined. 
 
 Privacy initiatives have imposed and will continue to impose additional operational burdens on PNC, and they may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future use of personal data. 
 
 Recently, there has been an increase in legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy of personal data, including enhanced data privacy laws regulating the use of health and biometric data. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law may include our customers, prospective customers, job applicants, employees and third parties. These initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can use personal data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data. Financial services companies such as PNC necessarily gather, maintain and use a significant amount of personal data. These types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, may result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and may limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. This is particularly true as we continue to expand our business into new markets. We are, or may become, subject to regularly evolving and developing data privacy and data security laws and regulations in other jurisdictions, including certain foreign jurisdictions even where our presence in such jurisdictions is minimal. Such legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of personal data by us, our vendors or others who gain unauthorized access to our personal data. Other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. The impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions. 
 
 Climate change-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. 
 
 There continues to be concern, including on the part of our regulators, regarding climate change and its impacts on virtually all aspects of life over the short-, medium- and long-term horizons. These concerns over the anticipated and unanticipated impacts of climate change (including physical risk and transition risk) have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operations disruptions and changes and the like because of climate change (including severe weather events) and governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities and their transition plans, as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. Consumers and businesses are also changing their behaviors because of these concerns. Changed consumer and business behavior because of climate change concerns creates transition risk for PNC arising from the process of adjusting to these concerns, including transitioning to a low-carbon economy. PNC and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences as a result. Among the impacts to PNC could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors if our products or services do not support the environmental goals of our customers, or increased losses due to the impact of climate change on the collateral that secures customer borrowings. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. We also have been and may continue to be subject to pressure from individuals or groups to cease doing business with certain companies or sectors because of concerns related to climate change. We are currently subject to climate-related regulatory expectations and could be subject to additional regulatory restrictions or costs associated with providing products or services to certain companies or sectors. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. Further, there is increased scrutiny of climate change-related policies, goals and disclosures, which could result in litigation and regulatory investigations and actions. We may incur additional costs and require additional resources as we evolve our strategy, practices and related disclosures with respect to these matters. 
 
 20 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The Risk Factor headed We are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation further discusses risks associated with our management of environmental, social and governance matters, including related activist pressure. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior, including those resulting from activist pressure. Our risk management may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. 
 
 Risks Related to the Use of Technology 
 The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses. 
 
 As a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. As a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers. Over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. In many cases, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. As a result of these factors, the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, virtual and augmented reality, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, data protection enhancements and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts. The emergence of many of these technologies was accelerated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the shift to increased digital activity. We expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. 
 
 In response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we have been investing in technology and connectivity. We are seeking to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. This effort has involved the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations, because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which, due to overall demand, is increasingly difficult. 
 
 Our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use its underlying intellectual property. 
 
 In some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. In others, we or our vendors license the use of intellectual property from others. Regardless of the source of the intellectual property, if another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. It also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least some period of time. In such circumstances, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or an appropriate alternative technology might be expensive to obtain. Protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover any losses in full. Over time, there have been and continue to be instances where technology used by PNC and other financial institutions has been alleged to have infringed patents held by others, and, in some cases, we, as well as other financial institutions, have suffered related losses. 
 
 We could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology. 
 
 The need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information systems and other technology has become more important and more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. Our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business. Effective management of our expanded remote work environment heightens our need for secure, reliable and adequate information systems and technology. The risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from a variety of factors. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. Failures leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design or performance issues. In addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism and the like. Such events could affect our systems directly or limit our ability to use our technology due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. In some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed We are vulnerable to the risk of third-party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at PNC or at third parties handling PNC information. 
 
 We also rely on information systems maintained by other companies. We use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist us in providing products and services to our customers. Others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. These companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. In some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. Systems maintained by or for these other companies are generally subject to many of the same risks 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 21 

we face with respect to our systems and thus their issues could have a negative impact on PNC. We necessarily have less ability to provide oversight over other companies information systems. 
 
 A number of our customers choose to use financial applications that allow them to view banking and other financial account information, often held at different financial institutions, on a single platform, to monitor the performance of their investments, to compare financial and investment products, to make payments or transfer funds, and otherwise to help manage their finances and investments. Financial applications often ask users to provide their secure banking log-in information and credentials (such as usernames and passwords) so the applications can link to users accounts at financial institutions. Companies offering these applications frequently use third-party data aggregators, which are behind-the-scenes technology companies that serve as data-gathering service providers, to deliver customer financial data that is then used by the financial applications. To do this, data aggregators are provided with customers log-in information and credentials, which allow the aggregators to access the customers online accounts and scrape the customers data, often on a daily or even more frequent basis. That same information has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. This has resulted in incidences of fraud, including automated clearing house fraud, credit card fraud, and wire fraud, enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. In some cases, cybercriminals appear to be using such data aggregators and integrators to facilitate account takeovers and fraudulent wires. PNC has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to fraudulent activity associated with the increased use of these applications and data aggregators. In addition, transactions by customers on financial applications that facilitate payments and fund transfers have also been fraudulently induced. These transactions occur when a customer authorizes payment to a recipient that fraudulently induced the customer into transferring a payment to such recipient. Even where PNC does not have responsibility for fraud losses associated with any of these applications and data aggregators, PNC could suffer increased reputational harm when such losses occur. 
 
 Although we regularly update and replace systems that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older systems that may not be as reliable as newer ones. In addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated systems creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for customers and longer-term failures to achieve desired improvements. 
 
 The occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of any of our information or communications systems, or the systems of other companies on which we rely, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. This risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. The consequences of failures to operate systems properly can result in disruptions to our critical business operations, including our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. Such events could also cause errors in transactions or impair system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties. Possible adverse consequences also include damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business, which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis. We also could face litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny. This in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers. Even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, information systems issues at other financial institutions could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us. Also, system problems, including those resulting from third-party attacks, whether at PNC or at our competitors, may broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such systems. In that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention and mitigation of these risks. 
 
 We are vulnerable to the risk of third-party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at PNC or at third parties handling PNC information. 
 
 We are faced with ongoing, nearly continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. Some of these involve efforts to enter our systems directly by going through or around our security protections. Others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. Our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened because of our increased remote work environment, which results in more access points to our network. Most corporate and commercial transactions are now handled electronically, and our retail customers increasingly use online access as well as mobile and cloud technologies to bank with us. The ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission and storage of confidential information in electronic form. As a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation. The same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial applications, on behalf of our customers. These risks also arise to the extent that third parties with whom we do business are subject themselves to breaches and attacks, which may impact our systems. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers and our employees. This information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive. Such highly sensitive information includes information sufficient to support identity theft and personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. One way in which bad actors attempt to harm us is by seeking access to some of this confidential or proprietary information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers. In other cases, they seek to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing our access to information maintained by us. 
 
 Our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their PNC customer information (including passwords) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from that third party, including those offering financial applications. Although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers transactions with us and 
 22 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

their customer information, to the extent they utilize their own devices or provide third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited. These risks are heightened as we and others continue to expand mobile applications, cloud solutions, and other internet-based financial product offerings. 
 
 As our customers regularly use PNC-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of data security breaches at those other businesses covering PNC account information. When our customers use PNC-issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to such businesses. If a business s systems that process or store card account information are subject to a data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. We can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. In addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as Visa and Mastercard. Under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data security breach. Moreover, to the extent more consumer confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of data breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts. 
 
 Other cyber attacks are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information, and may use this information to support a ransomware attack. Ransomware attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. In a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data or to prevent public disclosure of confidential information. 
 
 A number of companies have fallen victim to business email compromise scams in recent years. Business email compromise scams involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. Attacks on our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered. 
 
 Other attacks in recent years have included distributed denial of service cyber attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. We (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such attacks. Recent cyber attacks have also included the insertion of malware into software updates and the infection of software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. 
 
 The techniques used in cyber attacks change rapidly and frequently and are increasingly sophisticated, and we may not be able to anticipate cyber attacks or data security breaches. 
 
 In addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. Insiders, including those having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information. Addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done. In addition, due to the increase in the number of employees who work remotely, the opportunity for insiders to grant access to third parties or to disclose confidential information of PNC or its customers has increased. As more work is conducted outside of PNC s facilities, the risk of improper access to PNC s network or confidential information has increased, including for reasons such as a failure by an employee or contractor to secure a device with PNC access. 
 
 We are and have been the target of some of these types of cyber attacks. To date, none of these types of cyber attacks has had a material impact on us. Nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us, and there can be no assurance that future cyber attacks will not be material. While we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. As a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any of these or other types of attacks or the public perception that such an attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct. Attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks. Our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is even more limited with respect to information held by third parties. We may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information held by third parties, even if we were in fact not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it. 
 
 We need effective programs to limit the risk of failures or breaches occurring in our information systems and to mitigate the impact when they do. 
 
 We have policies, procedures and systems (including cybersecurity and business continuity programs) designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems. In recent years, we have devoted significant resources toward improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. We cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures and systems to protect us in any future situation, nor the effectiveness of our oversight of risk at third parties. Although we have policies, procedures and systems designed to mitigate third-party risk, our ability to implement policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 23 

limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems with respect to third-party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure is necessarily limited. Should an adverse event affecting another company s systems occur, we may not have financial protection from the other company sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences. 
 
 Methods used by others to attack information systems change frequently (with generally increasing sophistication). A new method of attack often is not recognized until launched against a target. Attacks in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world. As a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures to address these methods in advance of attacks. 
 
 Even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, adverse events are likely to occur, and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to PNC. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk. It is also the case that an adverse event may go undetected for a period of time, with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the problem. In many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal. Additionally, our failure to communicate cyber incidents appropriately to relevant parties could result in regulatory, legal, operational and reputational risk. 
 
 Risks Related to the Business of Banking 
 Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. 
 
 Credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. It results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. Credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans and securities and the importance of lending activity to our overall business. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, by obtaining and monitoring collateral for certain exposures and by investing primarily in high quality securities. 
 
 A borrower s ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by many factors. Individual borrowers can be affected, for example, by declines in income, job losses, health issues or family issues. Commercial borrowers can be affected, for example, by poor business performance, changes in customer behavior or catastrophic losses. Weakness in the economy or in financial markets would typically adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. We are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly at origination the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. Properly estimating the current and potential value of any collateral pledged to support the loan also is critical to effectively managing credit risk. A failure to identify declining creditworthiness of a borrower or declining collateral value at a time when remedial actions could reduce our exposure also increases credit risk. Any decrease in our borrowers ability to repay loans likely would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. Managing credit risk effectively also relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect. 
 
 In addition to credit risk associated with our lending activities, we have credit risk arising from many other types of business relationships. Routine transactions give us credit exposure to brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, other institutional clients, as well as vendors and other non-financial entities. 
 
 Our credit risk may be exacerbated when the value of collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized, including because of legal or regulatory changes, or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. In addition, credit risk may be exacerbated when counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons. 
 
 We reserve for credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through our ACL estimated under CECL. Under CECL, the ACL reflects expected lifetime losses, which has led and could continue to lead to volatility in the allowance and the provision for credit losses as economic forecasts, actual credit performance and other factors used in the loss estimating process change. We also have reserves for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. Changes to expected losses are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. A worsening of economic conditions or our economic outlook or an increase in credit risk, particularly following a period of good economic conditions, would likely lead to an increase in provision for credit losses with a resulting reduction in our net income and an increase to our allowance. Conversely, an improvement of economic conditions or our economic outlook, particularly following a period of poor economic conditions, could result in a recapture of provision for credit losses for a period of time with a resulting increase in our net income and decrease in our allowance that is not likely to be sustained and that may obscure actual current operations and financial performance. 
 
 The concentration and mix of our assets could increase the potential for significant credit losses. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we often have heightened credit exposure to a particular industry, geography, asset class or financial market. As an example, loans secured by commercial and residential real estate typically represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. They also represent a portion of the assets underlying our investment securities. Although there are limitations on the extent of total exposure to an individual consumer or business borrower, events adversely affecting specific 
 24 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

customers or counterparties, industries, geographies, asset classes or financial markets, including a decline in their creditworthiness or a worsening overall risk profile, could materially and adversely affect us. For example, any downturn in the condition of the U.S. housing market could result in significant write-downs of asset values tied to residential real estate. Declining economic conditions also may impact commercial borrowers more than consumer borrowers, or vice versa. In addition, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industries. Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. As a result, uncertainty about the stability of other financial services institutions could lead to market-wide losses and defaults. Thus, the concentration and mix of our assets may affect the severity of the impact of recessions or other economic downturns on us. 
 
 Our business and financial performance are impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. 
 
 As a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve, or in spreads between different market interest rates can have a material effect on our business, our profitability and the value of our financial assets and liabilities. For example: 
 Changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets such as loans and investment securities and the interest that we pay on liabilities such as deposits and borrowings, which impacts our overall net interest income and margin as well as our profitability. 
 Such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments and can, in turn, increase our credit losses on those assets. 
 Such changes can decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts. 
 Such changes affect our hedging of various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the effectiveness of those hedges in helping to manage such risks. 
 Movements in interest rates also affect loan prepayment speeds and could result in impairments of mortgage servicing assets or otherwise affect the profitability of such assets. 
 Increases in interest rates likely lower the price we would receive on fixed-rate customer obligations if we were to sell them. 
 
 The rates on some interest-bearing instruments adjust promptly in accordance with changes in market rates, while others adjust only periodically or are fixed throughout a defined term. As a result, the impact of changes in interest rates can be either increased or diluted due to differences in the relative variability of the rates paid on our liabilities in relation to the rates received on our assets. The extent to which we have elected to hedge interest rate risk through interest rate swaps also affects the impact of rate changes. We attempt to manage the balance sheet to increase our benefit or reduce negative impacts from future movements in interest rates, but failures to anticipate actual movements may have the opposite result. In addition, we do not generally hedge all of our risk and the fact that we attempt to hedge any risk does not mean we will be successful. 
 
 While higher interest rates generally enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are risks associated with a rising interest rate environment. As a general matter, increasing rates tend to decrease the value of fixed-rate financial instruments held on our balance sheet, as discussed in the Risk Factor headed Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets. Also, customers may be less willing or able overall to borrow at higher rates. Higher interest rates may indirectly affect the value of asset classes such as real estate typically financed through secured loans, with a resulting negative effect on collateral securing such loans. As another example, there may be increased competitive pressures as rates on deposit products rise. The benefits of higher interest rates are best achieved if we can increase the rates on loans and other assets faster than the rates on deposits and other liabilities increase. We may not be able to achieve this result in a rising rate environment. 
 
 On the other hand, lower interest rates tend to have a negative impact on our net interest margin, and, unless offset by higher earning assets, on our net interest income. Moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero either broadly or for some types of instruments, could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank. In addition, our systems may not be able to handle adequately a negative interest rate environment and not all variable rate instruments are designed for such a circumstance. 
 
 We discuss the impact of governmental monetary policy on interest rates in the Risk Factor headed The policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance. 
 
 Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets. 
 
 As a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. Examples include loans, securities, servicing rights, deposits and borrowings. Such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value, often significantly, due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility as well as developments specific to the asset or liability in question. The underlying value of assets under lease or securing an obligation generally decreases due to increases in supply or decreases in demand for the asset or deterioration in the condition of the asset. This could negatively impact the ability to collect fully on the secured obligation. Credit-based assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to changes in the perceived creditworthiness of borrowers or other counterparties and due to changes in market interest rates. 
 
 In many cases, we mark our assets and liabilities to market and recognize such changes either through net income or OCI. Thus, gains or losses on these assets and liabilities can have a direct impact on our results of operations and financial performance, unless we have 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 25 

effectively hedged our exposures. We may need to record losses in the value of financial assets even where our expectation of realizing the face value of the underlying instrument has not changed. Our remaining assets and liabilities are not marked to market. As a result, our balance sheet does not precisely represent the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities. 
 
 In addition, asset management revenue is earned primarily based on a percentage of the value of the assets being managed and thus is impacted by general changes in market valuations. Thus, although we are not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related noninterest income. 
 
 Risks Related to Estimates and Assumptions 
 Our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments taken on our assets are highly subjective. Our estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 Our accounting policies are key to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these policies and methods to comply with GAAP and reflect management s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report PNC s financial condition and results of operations. Management s selection of a particular accounting policy to apply, while reasonable and appropriate, could result in PNC reporting different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, SEC and other regulatory agencies may issue new or amend existing accounting and reporting standards or change existing interpretations of those standards that could materially affect our financial statements. In some cases, PNC may be required to retrospectively apply a new or amended standard resulting in changes to previously reported financial results. 
 
 Certain accounting policies require that we use estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to legal proceedings and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. These policies require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. For example, CECL requires us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about economic and market conditions in determining the ACL. 
 
 Some of our financial instruments, including certain derivatives, debt securities, loans, MSRs and private equity investments, among other items, require a determination of their fair value for our financial statements. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. Changes in underlying factors or assumptions in any of the areas underlying our estimates could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. During periods of market disruption, it would be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were historically traded in active markets with significant observable data that rapidly become illiquid due to market volatility, a loss in market confidence or other factors. In addition, we have assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The valuation of any asset or liability substantially based on unobservable inputs is necessarily less reliable than those based on active trading markets. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements. Our ability to hedge exposure is in part dependent on our ability to value the related assets or liabilities. 
 
 The determination of the amount of loss allowances and asset impairments varies by asset type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. Although we have policies and procedures in place to determine loss allowance and asset impairments, due to the subjective nature of this area, the level of impairments taken, and allowances reflected in our financial statements may not accurately reflect the actual level of risk and the amount of future losses. 
 
 There are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business. 
 
 We rely on models to measure risks and to estimate many financial values. We use models throughout many areas of our business, relying on them to inform decision making. Examples of areas where we use models include determining the pricing of various products, identifying potentially fraudulent transactions, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, and assessing capital adequacy. We depend significantly on models for credit loss accounting under CECL, capital stress testing and estimating the value of items in our financial statements. 
 
 Models generally predict or infer certain financial outcomes, leveraging historical data and assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macroeconomic conditions. Development and implementation of some of these models, such as the models for credit loss accounting under CECL, require us to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments. Poorly designed or implemented models, including in the choice of relevant historical data or forward-looking assumptions, present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. For example, our models may not be effective if historical data does not accurately represent future events or environments or if our models rely on erroneous data, formulas, algorithms or assumptions and our internal model review processes fail to detect and address these flaws. 
 
 Models, if flawed, could cause information we provide to the public or to our regulators to be inaccurate or misleading. Some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, would likely be affected adversely if they perceive that the quality of the relevant models we use is insufficient. Finally, flaws in our models that negatively 
 26 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

impact our customers or our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively affect our reputation or result in fines and penalties from our regulators. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Need for Customers 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services. 
 
 Our performance is subject to risks associated with declines in customer demand for our products and services. As a result of the nature of those products and services, we are particularly at risk for losses of economic confidence or customer trust in us. 
 
 Economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. If customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. If we fail to attract and retain customers, demand for our loans and other financial products and services could decrease, and we could experience adverse changes in payment patterns. We could lose interest income from a decline in credit usage and noninterest income from a decline in product sales, investments and other transactions. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain customer deposits is impacted by the levels of interest rates, as customers balance the benefits of bank accounts such as deposit insurance and some of the convenience associated with more traditional banking products against the possibility of higher yields from other investments. In general, if the spread between the rates we offer and those offered by alternatives to bank accounts widens, customers are often willing to forego the benefits of bank accounts (such as FDIC insurance) for higher returns elsewhere. Our customers could remove money from checking, savings or other types of deposit accounts with us in favor of other banks or other types of cash management products. In such circumstances, we would need either to increase rates to levels that are seen as competitive or lose customers, in either case with a negative impact to net interest income. In addition, deposits are a low-cost source of funds for us. Therefore, losing deposits could increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income. Loss of customers could also harm noninterest income by decreasing fee-bearing transaction volume. In addition, when rates are higher, customers tend to shift deposits from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing ones, thereby negatively impacting net interest income. 
 
 Our customers increasingly use third-party financial applications that are expected to interface with their PNC accounts. This use leads to the risk that issues with respect to the effective functioning of that interface, regardless of cause, could result in a loss of customers as they seek banking relationships that work better with these other applications. 
 
 News or other publicity that harms our reputation, or harms the reputation of our industry generally, also could cause a loss of customers or a reduction in the extent to which customers do business with us. This is described further in the Risk Factor headed We are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation. 
 
 In our asset management business, investment performance is an important factor influencing the level of assets that we manage. Poor investment advice or performance could hurt revenue and growth as existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products. Additionally, the ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. Overall economic conditions may limit the amount that customers are able or willing to invest as well as the value of the assets they do invest. The failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products offered by us without regard to the performance of our products. Such a negative contagion could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have an adverse impact on our assets under management and asset management revenues and earnings. 
 
 We are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation. 
 
 Our ability to compete effectively, to attract and retain customers and employees, and to grow our business is dependent on maintaining our reputation and having the trust of our customers, employees, the communities that we serve and other stakeholders. Many types of developments, if publicized, can negatively impact a company s reputation with adverse consequences to its business. 
 
 Financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. There also may be reputational damage from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed customers without involving misconduct, including service disruptions or negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect client data. For example, we may suffer reputational harm to the extent that we are unable to successfully detect, prevent and remedy fraud that harms our clients. Our reputation may also be harmed by failing to deliver products and services of the quality expected by our customers and support the communities that we serve. In addition, our reputation may be harmed as a result of our participation in certain programs, such as the PPP and the processing of unemployment benefits during the COVID-19 pandemic, that has exposed and may continue to expose us to increased scrutiny and criticism. The reputational impact is likely greater to the extent that the bad conduct, errors or failures are pervasive, long-standing or affect a significant number of customers, particularly retail consumers. The negative impact of such reputational damage on our business may be disproportionate to the actual harm caused to customers. It may be severe even if we fully remediate any harm suffered by our customers. Furthermore, because we conduct most of our businesses under the PNC brand, negative public opinion about one business could also affect our other businesses. In addition, we could suffer reputational harm and a loss of customer trust as a result of the conduct of others in our industry even if we have not engaged in such conduct. We use third parties to help in many aspects of our business, with the risk that their conduct can affect our reputation regardless of the degree to which we are responsible for it. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 27 

To an increasing extent, financial services companies, including PNC, are facing criticism with accompanying reputational risk from social and environmental activists, and from investors and other stakeholders who believe companies should be focusing more or less on environmental, social and governance matters. Companies in our industry, including PNC, are targeted for engaging in business with specific customers or with customers in particular industries, where the customers activities, even if legal, are perceived as having harmful impacts on matters such as the environment, consumer health and safety, or society at large. In addition, activists, investors and other stakeholders of companies in our industry, including PNC, are seeking increased transparency and action with respect to environmental, social and governance activities, political activities and activities that are or may be perceived to be politically partisan in nature. Criticism has come in many forms, including protests at PNC facilities and social media campaigns. PNC and many other financial services companies have in recent years been criticized for financing companies engaged in, for example, extraction and distribution of fossil fuels, manufacture of nuclear and other weapons (including personal firearms), private prisons and border control activities. In contrast, state laws affecting our industry have been proposed and, in some cases, enacted reflecting opposite approaches. For example, to conduct most business with a municipality in Texas, PNC must certify, among other things, that it does not discriminate against the firearms industry or the fossil fuel industry. Many of these issues are divisive without broad agreement as to the appropriate steps a company such as PNC should take. As a result, however we respond to such criticism, we expose ourselves to the risks that current or potential customers decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work for us. This can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address these concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to these pressures. These pressures can also be a factor in decisions as to which business opportunities and customers we pursue, potentially resulting in foregone profit opportunities. 
 
 The speed with which information moves through social media and other news sources on the internet means that negative information about PNC can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on our reputation. This is true whether or not the information is accurate. False information can also be spread from unaffiliated or parody social media accounts pretending to be official company communications channels. Once information has gone viral, it can be difficult to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. The potential impact of negative information going viral means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident. 
 
 We are also subject to the risk of reputational harm resulting from conduct of persons identified as our employees but acting outside of the scope of their employment, including through their misconduct, unethical behavior, or activities on personal social media. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business. 
 
 We are subject to intense competition both from other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including financial technology companies (often referred to as FinTech ). In many cases, non-bank entities can engage in many activities similar to ours or offer products and services desirable to our customers without being subject to the same types of regulation, supervision and restrictions that are applicable to banks, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Emerging financial technologies, including with respect to payment services and systems, lending, digital wallets, non-fungible tokens and digital currencies and cryptocurrencies, may affect our customers needs and expectations for products and services. We may fail to attract or retain customers if we are unable to develop and market products and services that meet evolving customer needs or demands or if we are unable to deliver them effectively and securely to our customers. We may also fail to attract or retain customers if we are unwilling to provide products or services that we deem to be speculative or risky. The competition we face is described in Item 1 of this Report under Competition. 
 
 Consolidation in our industry, including among smaller banks combining to form more competitive larger ones and between banks and non-bank entities, could result in PNC facing more intense competition, particularly in impacted regions or with respect to particular products. As we expand into new markets, we may face competitors with more experience and established relationships in these markets, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 
 A failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. On the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. In addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, competitive pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin, negatively impacting our net interest income. 
 
 We depend on skilled labor, and employee attrition, competition for talented employees and labor shortages may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. We face significant competition for these employees across many of our businesses and support areas. This presents greater risk as we expand into new markets, develop new product lines, or enhance staffing in certain areas, particularly technology. This competition leads to increased expenses in affected business areas. In addition, changes to the labor market as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (including elevated employee attrition, labor availability and wage inflation) have exacerbated and may continue to exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees. Differences in demands, expectations and priorities of the workforce (such as remote work expectations) may require us to modify our recruiting and retention strategies to attract and retain employees. Limitations on the way regulated financial institutions can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of Dodd-Frank, may make it more difficult for regulated financial institutions, including PNC, to compete with unregulated companies for talent. 
 
 28 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Risks Related to Other Operational Issues 
 We depend on the effectiveness and integrity of employees, and the systems and controls for which they are responsible, to manage operational risks. 
 
 We are a large company that offers a wide variety of products and services to a broad and diverse group of customers. We rely on our employees to design, manage and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. In some cases, we rely on employees of third parties to perform these tasks. We also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. These concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, acquire or invest in a business or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. These concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover and labor shortages. 
 
 As a result of our necessary reliance on employees, whether ours or those of third parties, to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. These range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. Our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. We may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees. 
 
 Errors by our employees or others responsible for systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of those systems and controls to prevent unethical, fraudulent, improper or illegal conduct could result in significant harm to PNC. This harm could include customer remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties, litigation or enforcement actions or limitations on our business activities. We could also suffer damage to our reputation, as described under We are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation. 
 
 We use automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence and robotic process automation tools to help reduce some risks of human error. Nonetheless, we continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. In addition, use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to make sure they operate as intended. Enhanced use of automation may present its own risks. Automated systems may themselves experience outages or problems. Some tools are dependent on the quality of the data used by the tool to learn and enhance the process for which it is responsible. Not only bad or missing data but also anomalous data can adversely affect the functioning of such tools. It is possible that humans in some cases are better able than highly automated tools to identify that anomalous data is being used or that results are themselves anomalous. 
 
 We rely on third-party vendors, service providers and other counterparties to help support many aspects of our business. When we do so, our direct control of activities related to our business is reduced, which could introduce risk. 
 
 Our use of third parties to support our business needs typically means that we do not directly control the activities we are having them perform. Any disruption in services provided by these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Replacing third parties could also entail significant delay and expense. Risks can arise through inadequate performance by a third party (including by its downstream service providers), specifically where that performance could affect us or our customers, and even when the result of factors or events are beyond such third party s control. Many of the kinds of risks presented by activities performed by third parties are described elsewhere in these Risk Factors. For example, we use outside companies to assist us in processing some confidential customer or employee information. In such a case, a cyber attack on such a company may result in access to our customers or employees information. We are also vulnerable, including to regulatory penalties, if an outside company fails to comply with legal requirements relevant to its work on our behalf. We may in any such circumstance suffer financial losses, legal consequences and injury to our reputation. Even if the other company makes us whole for financial losses, which is not necessarily the case, it is unlikely that it would be able to restore any injury to our reputation. As a result, the use of third parties to assist in our business activities heightens the risks to us inherent in those activities. 
 
 Other Key Risks 
 We are at risk for the impact of adverse results in legal proceedings. 
 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. We have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. In addition, we are regularly the subject of governmental investigations and other forms of regulatory inquiry. We also are at risk when we have agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings they face, such as in connection with the sale of a business or assets by us. The results of these legal proceedings could lead to significant monetary damages or penalties, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business or reputational harm. 
 Although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued often do not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, our ultimate future losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies. We discuss further the unpredictability of legal proceedings and describe certain of our pending legal proceedings in Note 21 Legal Proceedings. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 29 

We grow our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses from time to time. Sometimes these are businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us even if they do not themselves provide financial services to customers. These acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into PNC after closing. 
 
 Acquisitions of other companies or of financial assets and deposits and other liabilities present risks and uncertainties to us in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired. Many of the same risks arise when we engage in strategic partnerships. 
 
 Specific factors that can affect the ultimate results from acquisitions include, depending on the nature of the business acquired, the following: 
 Diligence risk: Our ability to analyze the risks presented by prospective acquisitions, as well as our ability to prepare in advance of closing for integration, depends, in part, on the information we can gather with respect to the business we are acquiring. We may not have access to all of the information that would be desirable. Our pre-acquisition review of the business also impacts our ability to prepare for and execute on the integration of an acquired business. 
 Accuracy of assumptions: We make certain assumptions related to an acquisition that may prove to be inaccurate. Anticipated benefits (such as cost savings from synergies or strategic gains from being able to offer enhanced product sets) may take longer or require greater resources to achieve or may not be achieved in their entirety. Acquisitions also may be substantially more expensive or take longer to complete than anticipated. We may also incur unanticipated costs in connection with the integration of an acquired business. 
 Regulatory approval: Completing attractive acquisition opportunities generally requires various governmental and regulatory approvals and consents prior to closing. These authorities have broad discretion, and regulatory approvals could be delayed, restrictively conditioned or denied, including due to regulatory issues we (or the target company) have, or may have, under any of the numerous governmental regulations to which we (or it) are subject. Moreover, as a condition to approval, governmental authorities may impose requirements, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the business of the combined company, which could limit the benefits of the acquisition or result in delay or the failure to close the acquisition. Significant acquisitions by large banks also often attract public scrutiny, which may result in negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. Our ability to make large acquisitions may be limited by the regulatory agencies responsible for reviewing or approving the transaction, changes in regulatory rules or standards or the application of those rules or standards, or future regulatory initiatives designed to limit systemic risk and the potential for a financial institution to become too big to fail. 
 Pre-closing risk: Prospective acquisition targets are also subject to their own risks that we cannot manage or control prior to closing. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected after closing to the extent that any such risks result in non-indemnified losses for which we are responsible. 
 Target-specific risk: Acquisition targets have their own risks specific to their businesses that could impact the success of a transaction. 
 If a significant aspect of the value of transaction is intellectual property, the extent to which the intellectual property may be utilized or protected and commercialized by PNC. 
 If the acquisition includes loan portfolios, the extent of actual credit losses and the required allowance for credit losses following completion of the acquisition. 
 If the acquisition involves entering into new businesses or geographic or other markets, potential limitations on our ability to take advantage of these opportunities because of our inexperience with respect to them. 
 The results of litigation and governmental investigations that may be pending at the time of the acquisition or that may be filed or commenced thereafter, because of an acquisition or otherwise. It is often hard to predict the results of such legal proceedings. It may also be hard to anticipate what legal proceedings may be started following an acquisition based on the prior activities of the acquired company (and its predecessors). 
 If the acquired company depends on models for, among other things, capital planning and credit loss accounting, we may have to rely on the acquired company s models post-closing prior to integrating the acquired company s data into PNC s models. These models may be designed or implemented in a manner different than the models used by PNC. As a result, incorporation of the acquired company s data into our models could materially impact our results of operations or financial position to the extent that our estimates based on the acquired company s models prove to be inaccurate. 
 The acquired company may operate under enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures that are different and less mature than those of PNC, and we may need to rely on the acquired company s enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures for a period of time after acquisition, which might limit PNC s ability to identify, monitor, manage and report risks. The acquired company may also implement its policies and procedures in a different manner than PNC would, which may result in heightened regulatory, legal, operational or reputational risk. 
 Retention risk: The success of an acquisition generally is at least partially dependent on our ability to retain and expand upon the acquired company s customer base. It is also frequently subject to risks related to human capital, including, to the extent being retained, the quality of leadership of the acquired company. 
 Integration risk: Successful integration of an acquired company may present challenges due to differences in policies, procedures and systems, the level of details or comprehensiveness of an acquired company s financial and business information and data, and corporate culture. Integration challenges could also result in damage to our reputation, as described under We are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation. 

30 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, by international hostilities or by domestic civil unrest. 
 
 Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural and other disasters (including severe weather events), health emergencies, dislocations, geopolitical instabilities, terrorist activities, international hostilities or other extraordinary events beyond PNC s control can be predicted. However, these occurrences could adversely impact us, for example, by causing significant damage to our facilities or preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course. Also, their impact on our borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties could result in indirect adverse effects on us. Other indirect adverse consequences from these occurrences could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any region, or key parts of the infrastructure (such as the power grid) on which we and our customers rely. These types of indirect effects, whether specific to our counterparties or more generally applicable, could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in PNC experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. They could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide. 
 
 Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. This includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. The adverse impact of these occurrences also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that we deal with, many of which we depend on but have limited or no control over. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no SEC staff comments regarding PNC s periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act that are pending resolution. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 Our executive and primary administrative offices are currently located at The Tower at PNC Plaza, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The 33-story structure is owned by PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 We own or lease numerous other premises for use in conducting business activities, including operations centers, offices, and branches and other facilities. We consider the facilities owned or occupied under lease by our subsidiaries to be adequate for the purposes of our business operations. We include here by reference the additional information regarding our properties in Note 7 Leases and Note 8 Premises, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See the information set forth in Note 21 Legal Proceedings, which is incorporated here by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 31 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Information regarding each of our executive officers as of February 20, 2023 is set forth below. Executive officers do not have a stated term of office. Each executive officer has held the position or positions indicated or another executive position with the same entity or one of its affiliates for the past five years unless otherwise indicated below. 
 Name Age Position with PNC Year Employed (a) Carole L. Brown 58 Executive Vice President and Head of Asset Management Group 2019 Richard K. Bynum 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer 2005 William S. Demchak 60 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (b) 2002 Kieran J. Fallon 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer 2011 Deborah Guild 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer and Head of Enterprise Technology 2013 Michael J. Hannon 66 Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer 1982 Vicki C. Henn 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 1994 Gregory B. Jordan 63 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Head of Regulatory and Government Affairs 2013 Stacy M. Juchno 47 Executive Vice President and General Auditor 2009 Ganesh Krishnan 47 Executive Vice President and Enterprise Chief Information Officer 2008 Michael P. Lyons 52 Executive Vice President and Head of Corporate Institutional Banking 2011 Alexander E. C. Overstrom 39 Executive Vice President and Head of Retail Banking 2014 E William Parsley, III 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 2003 Robert Q. Reilly 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 1987 Gregory H. Kozich 59 Senior Vice President and Controller 2010 
 (a) Where applicable, refers to year employed by predecessor company. 
 (b) Mr. Demchak also serves as a director. Biographical information for Mr. Demchak is included in Election of Directors (Item 1) in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. See Item 10 of this Report. 
 
 Carole L. Brown was appointed Executive Vice President and Head of Asset Management Group in July 2020. Previously, she was the Chief Change and Risk Officer for PNC s Asset Management Group and Corporate Institutional Banking businesses. Prior to joining PNC in 2019, she served as chief financial officer for the City of Chicago from May 2015 to May 2019. Prior to her work for the City of Chicago, Ms. Brown had a more than 25-year career as a municipal finance investment banker. 
 
 Richard K. Bynum was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer in July 2020. Prior to his appointment, he served as regional president for PNC s Greater Washington market from 2017 to 2020. He previously served as a member of PNC s retail executive leadership team, where he led the Business Banking division. Prior to that, he served as the Greater Washington retail market executive from 2010 to 2014. 
 
 Kieran J. Fallon was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer in February 2021. Prior to his appointment, he served as PNC s Senior Deputy General Counsel with legal oversight responsibility for PNC s government, regulatory affairs and enterprise risk, and as PNC s primary liaison with PNC s regulatory bodies. Previously, he served as PNC s chief counsel of Regulatory Affairs and briefly as acting general counsel. Prior to joining PNC in 2011, Mr. Fallon served as associate general counsel for legislation and special projects with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in Washington, D.C. 
 
 Deborah Guild was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer and Head of Enterprise Technology in November 2020. Prior to her appointment, she was PNC s Chief Security Officer, and previously served as PNC s Chief Technology Officer. Prior to joining PNC in October 2013, Ms. Guild spent 21 years at Bank of America where she most recently served as Chief Technology Officer of Enterprise Functions and End User Computing. 
 
 Michael J. Hannon has served as Executive Vice President since 2009, prior to which he was a Senior Vice President. He has served as Chief Credit Officer since 2001 and was Interim Chief Risk Officer from December 2011 to February 2012. 
 
 Vicki C. Henn has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of PNC since July 2014. Ms. Henn joined PNC in 1994 and has held numerous management positions. Prior to being named to her current position, Ms. Henn was a Senior Vice President, responsible for Human Resources for Retail Banking. 
 
 Gregory B. Jordan joined PNC in 2013 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Head of Regulatory and Government Affairs. In February 2016, Mr. Jordan was also appointed Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining PNC, he served as the Global Managing Partner for the last 13 years of his 29 year tenure at Reed Smith LLP. 
 
 32 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Stacy M. Juchno has served as Executive Vice President and General Auditor of PNC since April 2014 and previously served as Senior Vice President and Finance Governance and Oversight Director. 
 
 Ganesh Krishnan was appointed Executive Vice President and Enterprise Chief Information Officer in November 2020. Prior to being named to his current role, he served as Chief Information Officer for PNC s Corporate Institutional Banking business and Staff Service Technology starting in 2017. Mr. Krishnan joined PNC in 2008 as a Technology Infrastructure Services manager and has held a variety of technology leadership roles with PNC. 
 
 Michael P. Lyons has been an Executive Vice President since 2011 and is Head of Corporate Institutional Banking. Prior to joining PNC in October 2011, from May 2010 until October 2011, Mr. Lyons was head of corporate development and strategic planning for Bank of America. 
 
 Alexander E. C. Overstrom was appointed Executive Vice President and Head of Retail Banking in July 2022. Previously, he held numerous management roles including Head of Small Business, Deputy Head of Retail Banking, Head of Merchant Services, and Chief Operating Officer of Corporate Institutional Banking and Asset Management. Prior to joining PNC in 2014, he worked in strategy and investment banking at Goldman Sachs. 
 
 E William Parsley, III has served as Executive Vice President since 2009 and was appointed Chief Operating Officer in February 2018. Previously, he served as Treasurer and Chief Investment Officer starting in 2004 and Head of Consumer Lending starting in the spring of 2016. 
 
 Robert Q. Reilly was appointed Chief Financial Officer in 2013. He served as the Head of PNC s Asset Management Group from 2005 until April 2013. Previously, he held numerous management roles in both Corporate Banking and Asset Management. He was appointed Executive Vice President in 2009. 
 
 Gregory H. Kozich has served as Controller of PNC since 2011. He was appointed as Senior Vice President in 2010. Prior to joining PNC in 2010, Mr. Kozich was with the Federal National Mortgage Association from 2005 until late 2010, most recently serving as its corporate controller. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is traded under the symbol PNC. At the close of business on February 10, 2023, there were 44,958 common shareholders of record. 
 
 Holders of PNC common stock are entitled to receive dividends when declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for this purpose. Our Board of Directors may not pay or set apart dividends on the common stock until dividends for all past dividend periods on any series of outstanding preferred stock and certain outstanding capital securities issued by the parent company have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. The Board of Directors presently intends to continue the policy of paying quarterly cash dividends. The amount of any future dividends will depend on economic and market conditions, our financial condition and operating results, and other factors, including contractual restrictions and applicable government regulations and policies (such as those relating to the ability of bank and non-bank subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company and regulatory capital limitations). PNC s ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to PNC s compliance with its SCB, which is determined at least annually through the Federal Reserve s CCAR process as described in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report. Consistent with the SCB framework, which allows for capital return in amounts in excess of the SCB minimum levels, our Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on April 4, 2019 of up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 49 were still available for repurchase at December 31, 2022. Under this framework, PNC expects quarterly repurchases of up to 500 million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. PNC s SCB for the four-quarter period beginning October 1, 2022 is 2.9 . 
 
 For further information concerning dividend restrictions and other factors that could limit our ability to pay dividends, as well as restrictions on loans, dividends or advances from bank subsidiaries to the parent company, see the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1, Item 1A Risk Factors and the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in Item 7, and Note 10 Borrowed Funds, Note 12 Equity and Note 20 Regulatory Matters, which we include here by reference. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 33 

We include here by reference the information regarding our compensation plans under which PNC equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022 in the table (with introductory paragraph and notes) in Item 12 of this Report. 
 Our stock transfer agent and registrar is: 
 Computershare 
 150 Royall Street, Suite 101 
 Canton, MA 02021 
 800-982-7652 
 Hearing impaired: 800-952-9245 
 www.computershare.com/pnc 
 Registered shareholders may contact Computershare regarding dividends and other shareholder services. 
 We include here by reference the information that appears under the Common Stock Performance Graph caption at the end of this Item 5. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Equity Security Repurchases 
 Details of our repurchases of PNC common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022 are included in the following table: 
 
 In thousands, except per share data 
 
 2022 period Total shares purchased (a) Average price paid per share Total shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs (b) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the programs (b) October 1 31 1,534 154.72 1,523 51,280 November 1 30 1,234 161.33 1,234 50,046 December 1 31 1,052 154.63 1,052 48,994 Total 3,820 156.83 3,809 
 (a) Includes PNC common stock purchased in connection with our various employee benefit plans generally related to forfeitures of unvested restricted stock awards and shares used to cover employee payroll tax withholding requirements. Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans and Note 18 Stock Based Compensation Plans include additional information regarding our employee benefit and equity compensation plans that use PNC common stock. 
 (b) Consistent with the SCB framework, which allows for capital return in amounts in excess of the SCB minimum levels, our Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program of up to 100 million common shares approved on April 4, 2019. Under the SCB framework we repurchased 21.1 million shares in 2022 and 5.0 million shares in 2021. A maximum amount of 49.0 million shares remained available for repurchase under the new stock program authorization at December 31, 2022. 
 34 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Common Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph shows the cumulative total shareholder return i.e. , price change plus reinvestment of dividends) on our common stock during the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, as compared with: (i) a selected peer group as set forth below and referred to as the Peer Group (ii) an overall stock market index, the S P 500 Index; and (iii) a published industry index, the S P 500 Banks. The yearly points marked on the horizontal axis of the graph correspond to December 31 of each year. The stock performance graph assumes that 100 was invested at market close on December 31, 2017 for the five-year period and that dividends were reinvested. The table below the graph shows the resultant compound annual growth rate for the performance period. 
 
 Base Period Assumes 100 investment at Close of Market on December 31, 2017 Total Return = Price change plus reinvestment of dividends 5-Year Compound Growth Rate Dec. 2017 Dec. 2018 Dec. 2019 Dec. 2020 Dec. 2021 Dec. 2022 PNC 100 83.02 116.97 113.78 157.26 128.07 5.07 S P 500 Index 100 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 9.41 S P 500 Banks 100 83.56 117.52 101.35 137.28 110.91 2.09 Peer Group 100 81.35 107.62 103.04 140.25 109.51 1.83 
 
 The Peer Group for the preceding chart and table above consists of the following companies: Bank of America Corporation; Capital One Financial Corporation; Citizens Financial Group, Inc.; Fifth Third Bancorp; JPMorgan Chase Co.; KeyCorp; M T Bank Corporation; Regions Financial Corporation; The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.; Truist Financial Corporation; U.S. Bancorp; and Wells Fargo Company. For Truist Financial Corporation, the preceding chart and table reflects historical BB T Corporation data from December 2017 to December 2018 without inclusion of historical data from SunTrust Banks, Inc. This Peer Group was approved for 2022 by the Board s Personnel and Compensation Committee, and the Committee has approved the same peer group for 2023. 
 Each yearly point for the Peer Group is determined by calculating the cumulative total shareholder return for each company in the Peer Group from December 31, 2017 to December 31 of that year, or the last business day of that year (End of Month Dividend Reinvestment Assumed) and then using the median of these returns as the yearly plot point. 
 
 In accordance with the rules of the SEC, this section, captioned Common Stock Performance Graph, is not incorporated by reference into any of our future filings made under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933. The Common Stock Performance Graph, including its accompanying table and footnotes, is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6 RESERVED 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 35 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD A) 
 
 E XECUTIVE S UMMARY 
 
 Key Strategic Goals 
 At PNC we manage our company for the long term. We are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. We continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business. 
 
 We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. 
 
 We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of: 
 Expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, 
 Deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and 
 Leveraging technology to create efficiencies that help us better serve customers. 
 
 Our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments and return excess capital to shareholders, while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the Basel III framework and other regulatory expectations. For more detail, see the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 Business, the Capital Highlights portion of this Executive Summary and the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section in this Item 7. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Financial Performance 
 We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time. The extent of such impacts may vary depending on factors such as the current business and economic conditions, political and regulatory environment and operational challenges. Many of these risks and our risk management strategies are described in more detail elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Our success will depend upon, among other things, the following factors that we manage or control: 
 Effectively managing capital and liquidity including: 
 Continuing to maintain and, over time, grow our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source, 
 Prudent liquidity and capital management to meet evolving regulatory capital, capital planning, stress testing and liquidity standards, and 
 Actions we take within the capital and other financial markets. 
 Execution of our strategic priorities, 
 Management of credit risk in our portfolio, 
 Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment, 
 The impact of legal and regulatory-related contingencies, 
 The appropriateness of critical accounting estimates and related contingencies, and 
 Our ability to manage operational risks related to new products and services, changes in processes and procedures or the implementation of new technology. 
 
 Our financial performance is also substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including the following: 
 Global and domestic economic conditions, including the length and extent of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the actions taken to mitigate and manage it, 
 The effect of climate change on our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers, 
 The actions by the Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates and inflation, 
 The level of, and direction, timing and magnitude of movement in, interest rates and the shape of the interest rate yield curve, 
 The functioning and other performance of, and availability of liquidity in, U.S. and global financial markets, including capital markets, 
 The impact of tariffs and other trade policies of the U.S. and its global trading partners, 
 36 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Changes in the competitive landscape, 
 Impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs, 
 The impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations, 
 The ability of customers, counterparties and issuers to perform in accordance with contractual terms, and the resulting impact on our asset quality, 
 Loan demand, utilization of credit commitments and standby letters of credit, and 
 The impact on customers and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or regulatory or legislative initiatives. 
 
 For additional information on the risks we face, see Item 1A Risk Factors and the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information section in this Item 7. 
 
 Presentation of Noninterest Income 
 
 Effective for the first quarter of 2022, PNC updated the presentation of its noninterest income categorization to be based on product and service type, and accordingly, has changed the basis of presentation of its noninterest income revenue streams to: (i) Asset management and brokerage, (ii) Capital markets related, (iii) Card and cash management, (iv) Lending and deposit services, (v) Residential and commercial mortgage and (vi) Other noninterest income. For a description of each updated noninterest income revenue stream, see Note 1 Accounting Policies. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, PNC updated the name of the noninterest income line item Capital markets related to Capital markets and advisory. This update did not impact the components of the category. All periods presented herein reflect these changes. 
 
 Acquisition of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 On June 1, 2021, PNC acquired BBVA, a U.S. financial holding company conducting its business operations primarily through its U.S. banking subsidiary, BBVA USA. PNC paid 11.5 billion in cash as consideration for the acquisition. 
 
 On October 8, 2021, BBVA USA merged into PNC Bank. On October 12, 2021, PNC converted approximately 2.6 million customers, 9,000 employees and over 600 branches across seven states. Our results of operations and balance sheets for all periods presented in this Report reflect the benefit of BBVA s acquired businesses for the period since the acquisition closed on June 1, 2021. 
 
 For additional information on the acquisition of BBVA, see Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 In the second quarter of 2020, PNC divested its entire 22.4 equity investment in BlackRock. Net proceeds from the sale were 14.2 billion with an after-tax gain on sale of 4.3 billion. BlackRock s historical results are reported as discontinued operations. For additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in BlackRock, see Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 37 

Selected Financial Data 
 The following tables include selected financial data which should be reviewed in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in Item 8 of this Report as well as the other disclosures in this Report concerning our historical financial performance, our future prospects and the risks associated with our business and financial performance. 

Table 1: Summary of Operations, Per Common Share Data and Performance Ratios 
 Year ended December 31 Dollars in millions, except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Summary of Operations Net interest income 13,014 10,647 9,946 Noninterest income 8,106 8,564 6,955 Total revenue 21,120 19,211 16,901 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses 477 (779) 3,175 Noninterest expense 13,170 13,002 10,297 Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 7,473 6,988 3,429 Income taxes from continuing operations 1,360 1,263 426 Net income from continuing operations 6,113 5,725 3,003 Income from discontinued operations before taxes 5,777 Income taxes from discontinued operations 1,222 Net income from discontinued operations 4,555 Net income 6,113 5,725 7,558 Net income attributable to common shareholders 5,735 5,436 7,284 Per Common Share Diluted earnings from continuing operations 13.85 12.70 6.36 Diluted earnings from discontinued operations 10.60 Total diluted earnings 13.85 12.70 16.96 Book value per common share 99.93 120.61 119.11 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) (a) 72.12 94.11 97.43 Performance Ratios Net interest margin (non-GAAP) (b) 2.65 2.29 2.53 Noninterest income to total revenue 38 45 41 Efficiency 62 68 61 Return on: Average common shareholders equity 13.52 10.78 15.21 Average assets 1.11 1.09 1.68 
 (a) See explanation and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure in Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value Per Common Share (non-GAAP) Statistical Information (Unaudited) section in Item 8 of this Report. 
 (b) See explanation and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure in Average Consolidated Balance Sheet and Net Interest Analysis and Reconciliation of Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income (non-GAAP) Statistical Information (Unaudited) section in Item 8 of this Report. 

Table 2: Balance Sheet Highlights and Other Selected Ratios 
 Year ended December 31 Dollars in millions, except as noted 2022 2021 Balance Sheet Highlights Assets 557,263 557,191 Loans 326,025 288,372 Allowance for loan and lease losses 4,741 4,868 Interest-earning deposits with banks 27,320 74,250 Investment securities 139,334 132,962 Total deposits 436,282 457,278 Borrowed funds 58,713 30,784 Total shareholders equity 45,774 55,695 Common shareholders equity 40,028 50,685 Other Selected Ratios Common equity Tier 1 9.1 10.3 Dividend payout 41.7 37.8 Loans to deposits 75 63 Common shareholders equity to total assets 7.2 9.1 Average common shareholders equity to average assets 7.7 9.6 
 38 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Income Statement Highlights 
 
 Net income for 2022 was 6.1 billion, or 13.85 per diluted common share, an increase of 0.4 billion compared to net income of 5.7 billion, or 12.70 per diluted common share, for 2021. The increase was driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses, lower noninterest income and higher expenses. 
 Total revenue increased 1.9 billion, or 10 , to 21.1 billion. 
 Net interest income increased 2.4 billion, or 22 , to 13.0 billion, primarily due to higher interest-earning asset yields and balances, partially offset by higher funding costs. 
 Net interest margin increased to 2.65 for 2022 compared to 2.29 for 2021, due to higher interest-earning asset yields, partially offset by higher funding rates. 
 Noninterest income decreased 458 million, or 5 , to 8.1 billion, primarily due to lower capital markets and advisory income, a decrease in private equity revenue and lower residential and commercial mortgage fees, partially offset by an increase in card and cash management revenue. 
 Provision for credit losses was 477 million in 2022, driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio. Provision recapture was 779 million for 2021. 
 Noninterest expense increased 168 million to 13.2 billion, reflecting the addition of a full year of BBVA operating expenses and continued business investment. The increase was partially offset by lower integration expenses. 
 
 For additional detail, see the Consolidated Income Statement Review section of this Item 7. 
 
 Balance Sheet Highlights 
 Our balance sheet was well positioned at December 31, 2022. In comparison to December 31, 2021: 
 Total assets were stable. 
 Total loans increased 37.7 billion, or 13 , to 326.0 billion. 
 Total commercial loans grew 32.0 billion, or 17 , to 225.0 billion, due to new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by PPP loan forgiveness. 
 PNC had 0.4 billion of PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Total consumer loans increased 5.7 billion, or 6 , to 101.0 billion, primarily due to increases in residential mortgages, home equity and credit card, partially offset by declines in the remaining portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations. 
 Investment securities increased 6.4 billion, or 5 , to 139.3 billion due to net purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by a decline in valuation driven by interest rates. 
 Interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve Bank, decreased 46.9 billion, or 63 to 27.3 billion, reflecting higher loans outstanding, lower deposits and higher securities balances. 
 Total deposits decreased 21.0 billion, or 5 , to 436.3 billion, due to lower commercial and consumer deposits, reflecting the impact of inflationary pressures and competitive pricing dynamics. 
 Borrowed funds of 58.7 billion increased 27.9 billion, or 91 , due to higher FHLB borrowings, partially offset by lower senior debt. 
 
 For additional detail, see the Consolidated Balance Sheet Review section of this Item 7. 
 
 Credit Quality Highlights 
 2022 reflected strong credit quality performance. 
 At December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021: 
 Nonperforming assets of 2.0 billion decreased 487 million, or 19 , due to lower commercial and consumer nonperforming loans. 
 Total loan delinquencies of 1.5 billion decreased 495 million, or 25 , driven by lower consumer and commercial delinquencies. 
 The ACL related to loans, which consists of the ALLL and the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments, decreased to 5.4 billion, or 1.67 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 5.5 billion, or 1.92 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and improvements in credit quality, partially offset by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth. 
 Net charge-offs of 563 million or 0.18 of average loans in 2022 decreased 14 compared to net charge-offs of 657 million or 0.24 of average loans for 2021. The decline was primarily driven by fewer commercial net charge-offs, partially offset by higher consumer net charge-offs due to a decrease in recoveries. Net charge-offs in the comparative period included BBVA-related charge-offs resulting from required purchase accounting treatment. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 39 

For additional detail, see the Credit Risk Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Item 7. 
 
 Capital Highlights 
 
 We maintained a strong capital position during 2022. 
 Common shareholders equity decreased to 40.0 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 50.7 billion at December 31, 2021 as the benefit of net income was more than offset by a decrease in AOCI, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. The decline was also attributable to share repurchases and common dividends paid. 
 In 2022, we returned 6.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of 2.4 billion and repurchases of 21.2 million common shares for 3.6 billion. 
 The SCB framework allows for capital returns in amounts up to the level of capital in excess of the firm s SCB plus the regulatory minimum level of capital. Consistent with the flexibility provided under the SCB framework, our Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on April 4, 2019 of up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 49 were still available for repurchase at December 31, 2022. Under this framework, PNC expects quarterly repurchases of up to 500 million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. PNC s SCB for the four-quarter period beginning October 1, 2022 is 2.9 . 
 On January 4, 2023, the PNC Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of 1.50 per share. The dividend, with a payment date of February 5, 2023, was paid on the next business day. 
 The Basel III CET1 capital ratio decreased to 9.1 at December 31, 2022 from 10.3 at December 31, 2021. 
 PNC elected to delay the estimated impact of CECL on CET1 capital through December 31, 2021, followed by a three-year transition period. CECL s estimated impact on CET1 capital is defined as the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25 of the change in CECL ACL at the balance sheet date, excluding the allowance for PCD loans, compared to CECL ACL at adoption. Effective for the first quarter of 2022, PNC is now in the three-year transition period, and the full impact of the CECL standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through December 31, 2024. The CET1 fully implemented ratio, which reflects the full impact of CECL and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition, was 8.9 at December 31, 2022 compared to 10.0 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 PNC s ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to PNC meeting or exceeding a SCB established by the Federal Reserve Board in connection with the Federal Reserve Board s CCAR process. See additional discussion of the CCAR process in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 Business and Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 
 
 See the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Item 7 for more detail on our 2022 capital and liquidity actions as well as our capital ratios. 
 
 Business Outlook 
 Statements regarding our business outlook are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. These statements are based on our views that: 
 The economy continues to expand in early 2023, but economic growth is slowing in response to the ongoing Federal Reserve monetary policy tightening to slow inflation. This has led to large increases in both short- and long-term interest rates. With much higher mortgage rates the housing market is already in contraction, with steep drops in existing home sales and single-family housing starts, and a modest decline in house prices. Other sectors where interest rates play an outsized role, such as business investment and consumer spending on durable goods, will contract in 2023. 
 PNC s baseline outlook is for a recession starting in the second half of 2023, with real GDP contracting a modest 1 before recovery starts in early 2024 as the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates in response to a deteriorating labor market and slower inflation. The unemployment rate will increase throughout 2023, peaking at above 5 in the first half of 2024. Inflation will slow with the recession and be back to the Federal Reserve s 2 long-term objective by early 2024. 
 PNC expects the FOMC to increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in March. This would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75 to 5.00 by mid-March. PNC expects a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the FOMC s 2 long-term objective. 
 
 See Item 1A Risk Factors and the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information section in this Item 7 for other factors that could cause future events to differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

40 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

For the full year 2023, compared to full year 2022, we expect: 
 Period-end loans to be up 2 to 4 , 
 Average loans to be up 6 to 8 , 
 Revenue to be up 6 to 8 , 
 Noninterest expense to be up 2 to 4 , and 
 The effective tax rate to be approximately 18 . 
 
 For the first quarter of 2023, compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect: 
 Period-end loans to be stable, 
 Average loans to be up 1 to 2 , 
 Net interest income to be down 1 to 2 , 
 Fee income to be down 3 to 5 , 
 Other noninterest income, excluding net securities gains and Visa activity, to be between 200 million and 250 million, 
 Total revenue to decline approximately 3 , 
 Noninterest expense to be down 2 to 4 , and 
 Net loan charge-offs to be approximately 200 million. 
 
 Additionally, as of year-end 2022, we have completed all actions associated with the integration of BBVA, and no additional integration costs are anticipated. A total of 980 million of integration costs were incurred, which included 120 million of write-offs for capitalized items. 
 
 We cannot provide, without unreasonable effort, a meaningful or accurate reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. This is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing and amounts necessary for the reconciliation when such amounts are subject to events that cannot be reasonably predicted, as noted in our Cautionary Statement. Accordingly, we cannot address the probable significance of the unavailable information. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 41 

C ONSOLIDATED I NCOME S TATEMENT R EVIEW 
 Our Consolidated Income Statement is presented in Item 8 of this Report. For the comparison of 2021 over 2020, see the Consolidated Income Statement Review section in our 2021 Form 10-K. 
 
 Net income for 2022 was 6.1 billion, or 13.85 per diluted common share, an increase of 0.4 billion compared to net income of 5.7 billion, or 12.70 per diluted common share, for 2021. The increase was driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses, lower noninterest income and higher expenses. 

Net Interest Income 
 Table 3: Summarized Average Balances and Net Interest Income (a) 
 2022 2021 Year ended December 31 Dollars in millions Average Balances Average Yields/ Rates Interest Income/ Expense Average Balances Average Yields/ Rates Interest Income/ Expense Assets Interest-earning assets Investment securities 137,149 2.00 2,747 110,974 1.67 1,855 Loans 307,699 3.86 11,886 268,696 3.37 9,060 Interest-earning deposits with banks 41,050 1.41 578 79,869 0.13 103 Other 9,651 3.50 337 8,539 2.23 190 Total interest-earning assets/interest income 495,549 3.14 15,548 468,078 2.39 11,208 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits 299,042 0.42 1,267 279,228 0.05 126 Borrowed funds 42,450 2.72 1,155 34,508 1.05 361 Total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense 341,492 0.71 2,422 313,736 0.16 487 Net interest margin/income (non-GAAP) 2.65 13,126 2.29 10,721 Taxable-equivalent adjustments (112) (74) Net interest income (GAAP) 13,014 10,647 
 (a) Interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. To provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. This adjustment is not permitted under GAAP on the Consolidated Income Statement. For more information, see Reconciliation of Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income (non-GAAP) in the Statistical Information (Unaudited) section in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Changes in net interest income and margin result from the interaction of the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and related yields, interest-bearing liabilities and related rates paid, and noninterest-bearing sources of funding. See the Statistical Information (Unaudited) Average Consolidated Balance Sheet and Net Interest Analysis and Analysis Of Year-To-Year Changes In Net Interest Income in Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Net interest income increased 2.4 billion, or 22 in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher interest-earning asset yields and balances, partially offset by higher funding costs. Net interest margin increased 36 basis points, due to higher interest-earning asset yields, partially offset by higher funding rates. 
 
 Average investment securities grew 26.2 billion, or 24 , driven by net securities purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury and government agency securities. Average investment securities represented 28 of average interest-earning assets in 2022, compared to 24 in 2021. 
 
 Average loans increased 39.0 billion, or 15 , due to growth in commercial and consumer loans, partially offset by PPP loan forgiveness. Average loans represented 62 of average interest-earning assets in 2022 compared to 57 in 2021. 
 
 Average interest-earning deposits with banks decreased 38.8 billion reflecting higher loan balances and net securities purchases, partially offset by higher deposits and borrowed funds. 
 
 Average interest-bearing deposits grew 19.8 billion, or 7 , and included a shift in commercial deposits from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing as deposit rates have risen. In total, average interest-bearing deposits represented 88 of average interest-bearing liabilities in 2022 compared to 89 in 2021. 
 
 42 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Average borrowed funds increased 7.9 billion, or 23 , primarily due to higher FHLB borrowings, partially offset by lower senior debt. 
 
 Further details regarding average loans and deposits are included in the Business Segments Review section of this Item 7. 

Noninterest Income 
 Table 4: Noninterest Income 
 Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Noninterest income Asset management and brokerage 1,444 1,438 6 Capital markets and advisory 1,296 1,577 (281) (18) Card and cash management 2,633 2,398 235 10 Lending and deposit services 1,134 1,102 32 3 Residential and commercial mortgage 647 850 (203) (24) Other 952 1,199 (247) (21) Total noninterest income 8,106 8,564 (458) (5) 
 
 Noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue was 38 for 2022 and 45 for 2021. 
 
 Asset management and brokerage fees increased due to the full-year benefit of BBVA and increased product sales, partially offset by lower average equity markets. PNC s discretionary client assets under management decreased to 173 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 192 billion at December 31, 2021, driven by lower spot equity markets. 
 
 Capital markets and advisory fees decreased primarily due to lower advisory and underwriting fees, partially offset by higher fees on customer-related derivative activities. 
 
 Growth in card and cash management revenue was primarily due to increased treasury management product revenue, including the full-year benefit of BBVA, in addition to higher consumer spending. 
 
 Lending and deposit services increased and included the full-year benefit of BBVA. 
 
 Residential and commercial mortgage decreased due to lower residential and commercial mortgage banking activities driven by a decline in both origination and sales activity, partially offset by higher residential mortgage servicing income. 
 
 Other noninterest income decreased compared to 2021, primarily due to lower private equity revenue and net losses on securities, partially offset by the benefit of lower negative Visa Class B derivative fair value adjustments. Further details regarding our customer-related trading activities are included in the Market Risk Management Customer-Related Trading Risk portion of the Risk Management section of this Item 7. Further details regarding private and other equity investments are included in the Market Risk Management Equity and Other Investment Risk section. 

Noninterest Expense 
 Table 5: Noninterest Expense 
 Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Noninterest expense Personnel 7,244 7,141 103 1 Occupancy 992 940 52 6 Equipment 1,395 1,411 (16) (1) Marketing 355 319 36 11 Other 3,184 3,191 (7) Total noninterest expense 13,170 13,002 168 1 
 
 The increase to noninterest expense included a full year of BBVA operating expenses and continued business investment, as well as the write-off of insignificant technology projects connected to crypto currency product development, all of which has ceased as of the reporting date. The increase was partially offset by lower integration expenses. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 43 

We exceeded our 2022 continuous improvement program savings goal of 300 million. In 2023, we increased our goal to 400 million in cost savings. 
 
 Effective Income Tax Rate 
 The effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 18.2 for 2022 compared with 18.1 for 2021. 
 
 The effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits we receive from our investments in low- income housing and new markets investments, as well as earnings on other tax exempt investments. Additional information regarding our effective tax rate is included in the Reconciliation of Statutory and Effective Tax Rates table in Note 19 Income Taxes. 
 
 Provision for (Recapture of) Credit Losses 
 Table 6: Provision for (Recapture of) Credit Losses 
 Year ended December 31 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses Loans and leases 439 (887) Unfunded lending related commitments 32 32 Investment securities 17 51 Other financial assets (11) 25 Total provision for (recapture of) credit losses 477 (779) 
 
 Provision for credit losses was 477 million in 2022, driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio. 
 
 Net interest income less the provision for (recapture of) credit losses was 12.5 billion, 11.4 billion and 6.8 billion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

C ONSOLIDATED B ALANCE S HEET R EVIEW 
 The summarized balance sheet data in Table 7 is based upon our Consolidated Balance Sheet in Item 8 of this Report. For additional detail of the comparison of 2021 over 2020, see the Consolidated Balance Sheet Review section in our 2021 Form 10-K. 
 
 Table 7: Summarized Balance Sheet Data 
 December 31 December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Assets Interest-earning deposits with banks 27,320 74,250 (46,930) (63) Loans held for sale 1,010 2,231 (1,221) (55) Investment securities 139,334 132,962 6,372 5 Loans 326,025 288,372 37,653 13 Allowance for loan and lease losses (4,741) (4,868) 127 3 Mortgage servicing rights 3,423 1,818 1,605 88 Goodwill 10,987 10,916 71 1 Other 53,905 51,510 2,395 5 Total assets 557,263 557,191 72 Liabilities Deposits 436,282 457,278 (20,996) (5) Borrowed funds 58,713 30,784 27,929 91 Allowance for unfunded lending related commitments 694 662 32 5 Other 15,762 12,741 3,021 24 Total liabilities 511,451 501,465 9,986 2 Equity Total shareholders equity 45,774 55,695 (9,921) (18) Noncontrolling interests 38 31 7 23 Total equity 45,812 55,726 (9,914) (18) Total liabilities and equity 557,263 557,191 72 
 44 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Our balance sheet was well-positioned at December 31, 2022. In comparison to December 31, 2021: 
 Total assets were stable as higher loans, securities and MSRs were offset by lower balances held with the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 Total liabilities increased primarily due to higher borrowed funds, partially offset by a decrease in deposits. 
 Total equity decreased as the benefits from net income and preferred stock issuances were more than offset by a decrease in AOCI, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. The decline was also attributable to common share repurchases, dividends paid and the redemption of preferred stock. 
 
 The ACL related to loans totaled 5.4 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.1 billion since December 31, 2021. The 
 decrease was primarily driven by the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and improvements in credit quality, partially offset by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth. 
 
 See the following for additional information regarding our ACL related to loans: 
 Allowance for Credit Losses in the Credit Risk Management section of this Item 7, 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments section of this Item 7, and 
 Note 1 Accounting Policies and Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 The following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our balance sheet. Information regarding our capital and regulatory compliance is included in the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Item 7 and in Note 20 Regulatory Matters. 
 
 Loans 
 Table 8: Loans 
 December 31 December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial 182,219 152,933 29,286 19 Commercial real estate 36,316 34,015 2,301 7 Equipment lease financing 6,514 6,130 384 6 Total commercial 225,049 193,078 31,971 17 Consumer Residential real estate 45,889 39,712 6,177 16 Home equity 25,983 24,061 1,922 8 Automobile 14,836 16,635 (1,799) (11) Credit card 7,069 6,626 443 7 Education 2,173 2,533 (360) (14) Other consumer 5,026 5,727 (701) (12) Total consumer 100,976 95,294 5,682 6 Total loans 326,025 288,372 37,653 13 
 Commercial loans increased primarily due to new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by PPP loan forgiveness. PNC had 0.4 billion of PPP loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Consumer loans increased primarily due to increases in residential mortgages, home equity and credit card, partially offset by declines 
 in the remaining portfolios as paydowns outpaced new originations. 
 
 For additional information regarding our loan portfolio, see the Credit Risk Management portion of the Risk Management section, Note 1 Accounting Policies and Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 Investment securities of 139.3 billion at December 31, 2022 increased 6.4 billion, or 5 , compared to December 31, 2021, due to net purchases, primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, partially offset by a decline in valuation driven by interest rates. 
 
 The level and composition of the investment securities portfolio fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth, and balance sheet management activities. We manage our investment securities portfolio to optimize returns, while providing a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering the LCR, NSFR and other internal and external guidelines and constraints. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 45 

Table 9: Investment Securities (a) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Amortized Cost (b) Fair Value Amortized Cost (b) Fair Value U.S. Treasury and government agencies 45,767 43,330 47,024 47,054 Agency residential mortgage-backed 77,385 71,073 67,326 67,632 Non-agency residential mortgage-backed 973 1,074 927 1,158 Agency commercial mortgage-backed 2,693 2,501 1,740 1,773 Non-agency commercial mortgage-backed (c) 2,992 2,883 3,423 3,436 Asset-backed (d) 7,291 7,183 6,380 6,409 Other debt (e) 6,642 6,394 5,404 5,596 Total investment securities (f) 143,743 134,438 132,224 133,058 
 (a) Of our total securities portfolio, 97 and 96 were rated AAA/AA as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Amortized cost is presented net of the allowance for investment securities, which totaled 149 million at December 31, 2022 and primarily related to non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. The comparable amount at December 31, 2021 was 133 million. 
 (c) Collateralized primarily by office buildings, multifamily housing, retail properties, lodging properties and industrial properties. 
 (d) Collateralized primarily by corporate debt, government guaranteed education loans and other consumer credit products. 
 (e) Includes state and municipal securities. 
 (f) Includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, which are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value and amortized cost, respectively. 
 
 Table 9 presents the distribution of our investment securities portfolio by amortized cost and fair value. The relationship of fair value to amortized cost at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily reflected the impact of higher interest rates on the valuation of fixed rate securities. We continually monitor the credit risk in our portfolio and maintain the allowance for investment securities at an appropriate level to absorb expected credit losses on our investment securities portfolio for the remaining contractual term of the securities adjusted for expected prepayments. See Note 3 Investment Securities for additional details regarding the allowance for investment securities. 
 
 During 2022, we transferred securities with a fair value of 82.7 billion from available for sale to held to maturity. We changed our intent and committed to hold these high-quality securities to maturity in order to reduce the impact of price volatility on AOCI and tangible capital. See Note 3 Investment Securities for additional details regarding these transfers. 
 
 The duration of investment securities was 4.5 years at December 31, 2022. We estimate that at December 31, 2022 the effective 
 duration of investment securities was 4.4 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel increase in interest rates and 4.5 years for an 
 immediate 50 basis points parallel decrease in interest rates. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 for the effective duration of 
 investment securities were 3.8 years and 3.5 years, respectively. 
 
 Based on expected prepayment speeds, the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio was 6.0 years at December 31, 2022 compared to 4.4 years at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Table 10: Weighted-Average Expected Maturities of Mortgage and Asset-Backed Debt Securities 
 December 31, 2022 Years Agency residential mortgage-backed 7.7 Non-agency residential mortgage-backed 10.0 Agency commercial mortgage-backed 5.6 Non-agency commercial mortgage-backed 1.4 Asset-backed 2.4 
 Additional information regarding our investment securities portfolio is included in Note 3 Investment Securities and Note 15 Fair Value. 
 
 46 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Funding Sources 
 Table 11: Details of Funding Sources 
 December 31 December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Deposits Noninterest-bearing 124,486 155,175 (30,689) (20) Interest-bearing Money market 64,150 61,229 2,921 5 Demand 126,143 115,910 10,233 9 Savings 103,033 107,598 (4,565) (4) Time deposits 18,470 17,366 1,104 6 Total interest-bearing deposits 311,796 302,103 9,693 3 Total deposits 436,282 457,278 (20,996) (5) Borrowed funds Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 32,075 32,075 Senior debt 16,657 20,661 (4,004) (19) Subordinated debt 6,307 6,996 (689) (10) Other 3,674 3,127 547 17 Total borrowed funds 58,713 30,784 27,929 91 Total funding sources 494,995 488,062 6,933 1 
 
 Total deposits decreased due to lower commercial and consumer deposits, reflecting competitive pricing dynamics and the impact of inflationary pressures. In addition, there was a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits in 2022, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. 
 
 Borrowed funds increased due to higher FHLB borrowings, partially offset by lower senior debt. 
 
 The level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loans, investment securities, deposit growth and capital considerations. We manage our borrowed funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering our LCR and NSFR requirements and other internal and external guidelines and constraints. See the Liquidity and Capital Management portion of the Risk Management section of this Item 7 for additional information regarding our 2022 liquidity and capital activities. See Note 10 Borrowed Funds for additional information related to our borrowings. 
 
 Shareholders Equity 
 Total shareholders equity was 45.8 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 9.9 billion compared to December 31, 2021, as increases related to net income of 6.1 billion and preferred stock issuances of 2.2 billion were more than offset by a decrease in AOCI of 10.6 billion, reflecting the negative impact of higher interest rates on securities and swap values. The decline was also attributable to common share repurchases of 3.6 billion, dividends paid of 2.6 billion and a preferred stock redemption of 1.5 billion. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 47 

B USINESS S EGMENTS R EVIEW 
 
 We have three reportable business segments: 
 Retail Banking 
 Corporate Institutional Banking 
 Asset Management Group 
 
 Business segment results and a description of each business are included in Note 23 Segment Reporting. Certain amounts included in this Business Segments Review differ from those amounts shown in Note 23, primarily due to the presentation in this Item 7 of business net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis. Note 23 presents results of businesses for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. Assets receive a funding charge, and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors. 
 
 Total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. The impact of these differences is reflected in the Other category as shown in Table 120 in Note 23 Segment Reporting. Other includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities including net securities gains or losses, ACL for investment securities, certain trading activities, certain runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, exited businesses, and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (GAAP). 
 
 48 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Retail Banking 
 Retail Banking s core strategy is to help all of our consumer and small business customers move forward financially. We aim to grow our primary checking and transaction relationships through strong customer acquisition and retention. We seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, payments investment and retirement solutions. A strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, and ATM access while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. In addition, we are focused on consistently engaging both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention and relationship expansion. 
 
 Table 12: Retail Banking Table 
 (Unaudited) Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions, except as noted 2022 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 7,540 6,206 1,334 21 Noninterest income 2,967 2,796 171 6 Total revenue 10,507 9,002 1,505 17 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses 259 (101) 360 Noninterest expense 7,598 6,916 682 10 Pretax earnings 2,650 2,187 463 21 Income taxes 621 508 113 22 Noncontrolling interests 55 31 24 77 Earnings 1,974 1,648 326 20 Average Balance Sheet Loans held for sale 927 1,328 (401) (30) Loans Consumer Residential real estate 33,643 25,230 8,413 33 Home equity 23,221 22,387 834 4 Automobile 15,425 15,787 (362) (2) Credit card 6,620 6,182 438 7 Education 2,381 2,770 (389) (14) Other consumer 2,164 2,397 (233) (10) Total consumer 83,454 74,753 8,701 12 Commercial 11,177 14,321 (3,144) (22) Total loans 94,631 89,074 5,557 6 Total assets 113,829 106,331 7,498 7 Deposits Noninterest-bearing 64,775 57,729 7,046 12 Interest-bearing 199,614 184,040 15,574 8 Total deposits 264,389 241,769 22,620 9 Performance Ratios Return on average assets 1.73 1.55 Noninterest income to total revenue 28 31 Efficiency 72 77 
 (continued on following page) 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 49 

(Continued from previous page) Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions, except as noted 2022 2021 Supplemental Noninterest Income Information Asset management and brokerage 528 465 63 14 Card and cash management 1,338 1,281 57 4 Lending and deposit services 670 619 51 8 Residential and commercial mortgage 319 456 (137) (30) Residential Mortgage Information Residential mortgage servicing statistics (in billions, except as noted) (a) Serviced portfolio balance (b) 190 133 57 43 Serviced portfolio acquisitions 74 44 30 68 MSR asset value (b) 2.3 1.1 1.2 109 MSR capitalization value (in basis points) (b) 122 81 41 51 Servicing income: (in millions) Servicing fees, net (c) 192 34 158 Mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge 9 64 (55) (86) Residential mortgage loan statistics Loan origination volume (in billions) 15.1 24.8 (9.7) (39) Loan sale margin percentage 2.14 2.84 Percentage of originations represented by: 
 Purchase volume (d) 67 43 Refinance volume 33 57 Other Information (b) Customer-related statistics (average) Non-teller deposit transactions (e) 64 65 Digital consumer customers (f) 78 79 Credit-related statistics Nonperforming assets 1,003 1,220 (217) (18) Net charge-offs - loans and leases 435 393 42 11 Other statistics ATMs 8,933 9,523 (590) (6) Branches (g) 2,518 2,629 (111) (4) Brokerage account client assets (in billions) (h) 70 78 (8) (10) 
 - Not Meaningful 
 (a) Represents mortgage loan servicing balances for third parties and the related income. 
 (b) Presented as of period end, except for average customer-related statistics and net charge-offs, which are both shown for the year ended, respectively. 
 (c) Servicing fees net of impact of decrease in MSR value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan payments, prepayments and loans that were paid down or paid off during the period. 
 (d) Mortgages with borrowers as part of residential real estate purchase transactions. 
 (e) Percentage of total consumer and business banking deposit transactions processed at an ATM or through our mobile banking application. 
 (f) Represents consumer checking relationships that process the majority of their transactions through non-teller channels. 
 (g) Reflects all branches and solution centers excluding standalone mortgage offices and satellite offices (e.g., drive-ups, electronic branches and retirement centers) that provide limited products and/or services. 
 (h) Includes cash and money market balances. 
 
 Retail Banking earnings increased 326 million in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase in earnings was attributable to higher net interest income and noninterest income, partially offset by increased noninterest expense and a higher provision for credit losses. 
 
 Net interest income increased primarily due to growth in average deposits and loan balances, reflecting the full-year benefit of BBVA acquisition, along with wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans. 
 
 Noninterest income included the full-year impact of the BBVA acquisition and increased due to the favorable impact of Visa Class B derivative fair value adjustments, higher brokerage fees reflecting favorable annuity activity, growth in card and cash management revenue driven by increased credit and debit card activity, and higher lending and deposit related fees driven by increased service charges on deposits. The increase in noninterest income was partially offset by declines in residential mortgage revenue, driven by lower loan sales revenue reflecting the higher interest rate environment. 
 
 50 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Provision for credit losses was driven by our weakened economic outlook, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased due to the full-year impact of BBVA operating expenses, increased business activity and continued investments to support business growth. 
 
 The deposit strategy of Retail Banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to PNC. In 2022, average total deposits increased compared to 2021 primarily driven by growth in demand and savings deposits, which benefited from the full-year impact of the BBVA acquisition. 
 
 Retail Banking average total loans increased in 2022 compared to 2021. Average consumer loans increased 12 due to the full-year impact of the BBVA acquisition on all loan classes except education loans, which BBVA did not have in its loan portfolio, partially offset by a decline in auto and other consumer loans as paydowns outpaced new originations. In addition, average residential real estate loans increased, as new originations outpaced runoff. Average commercial loans decreased primarily due to PPP loans. 
 
 As part of our strategic focus on growing customers and meeting their financial needs, we have established a coast-to-coast network of retail branches, solution centers and ATMs that operate alongside PNC s suite of digital capabilities. Over time, we plan to continue to convert a portion of branches into solution centers, which have a distinctive layout and the capability to support transactions, sales and advice, using a combination of technology and personalized banker assistance. PNC began to deploy solution centers in 2018. 
 
 Retail Banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, payments and investment products. In 2021, we successfully rolled out Low Cash Mode to all Virtual Wallet customers, providing them with the ability to avoid unnecessary overdraft fees through real-time alerts, extra time to prevent or address overdrafts and controls to choose whether to return certain debits rather than the bank making the decision. In 2022, we continued to make product benefit enhancements, such as by eliminating non-sufficient fund fees for all consumer checking account customers. Virtual Wallet customers had previously received this benefit with the launch of Low Cash Mode . 
 
 Retail Banking continued to execute on its strategy of transforming the customer experience through transaction channel migration, branch network and home lending process transformations and multi-channel engagement and service strategies. We are also continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased and, as a result, we had a net closure of 111 branches in 2022, consistent with our plan. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 51 

Corporate Institutional Banking 
 
 Corporate Institutional Banking s strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. We aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. We continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. 
 
 Table 13: Corporate Institutional Banking Table 
 (Unaudited) Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 5,270 4,571 699 15 Noninterest income 3,621 3,783 (162) (4) Total revenue 8,891 8,354 537 6 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses 198 (646) 844 Noninterest expense 3,651 3,479 172 5 Pretax earnings 5,042 5,521 (479) (9) Income taxes 1,155 1,183 (28) (2) Noncontrolling interests 17 14 3 21 Earnings 3,870 4,324 (454) (10) Average Balance Sheet Loans held for sale 475 583 (108) (19) Loans Commercial Commercial and industrial 155,551 126,928 28,623 23 Commercial real estate 33,373 31,584 1,789 6 Equipment lease financing 6,195 6,286 (91) (1) Total commercial 195,119 164,798 30,321 18 Consumer 9 13 (4) (31) Total loans 195,128 164,811 30,317 18 Total assets 219,941 188,470 31,471 17 Deposits Noninterest-bearing demand 76,956 79,109 (2,153) (3) Interest-bearing demand 71,388 72,210 (822) (1) Total deposits 148,344 151,319 (2,975) (2) Performance Ratios Return on average assets 1.76 2.29 Noninterest income to total revenue 41 45 Efficiency 41 42 Other Information Consolidated revenue from: (a) Treasury Management (b) 2,801 2,169 632 29 Commercial mortgage banking activities: Commercial mortgage loans held for sale (c) 77 145 (68) (47) Commercial mortgage loan servicing income (d) 256 334 (78) (23) Commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge 138 80 58 73 Total 471 559 (88) (16) MSR asset value (e) 1,113 740 373 50 Average Loans by C IB business Corporate Banking 104,798 81,069 23,729 29 Real Estate 45,335 42,936 2,399 6 Business Credit 28,461 24,047 4,414 18 Commercial Banking 9,294 12,054 (2,760) (23) Other 7,240 4,705 2,535 54 Total average loans 195,128 164,811 30,317 18 Credit-related statistics Nonperforming assets (e) 761 1,007 (246) (24) Net charge-offs - loans and leases 143 289 (146) (51) 
 - Not Meaningful 
 (a) See the additional revenue discussion regarding treasury management and commercial mortgage banking activities in the Product Revenue section of this Corporate Institutional Banking section. 
 (b) Amounts are reported in net interest income and noninterest income. 
 (c) Represents commercial mortgage banking income for valuations on commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related commitments, derivative valuations, origination fees, gains on sale of loans held for sale and net interest income on loans held for sale. 
 (d) Represents net interest income and noninterest income from loan servicing, net of reduction in commercial mortgage servicing rights due to amortization expense and payoffs. Commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge is shown separately. 
 (e) As of December 31. 
 52 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Corporate Institutional Banking earnings decreased 454 million in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by a higher provision for credit losses, higher noninterest expense and lower noninterest income, partially offset by higher net interest income. 
 
 Net interest income increased in the comparison primarily due to higher average loan balances reflecting organic growth and the full-year benefit of BBVA, as well as wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans and lower average deposit balances. 
 
 Noninterest income decreased in the comparison driven by lower capital markets and advisory fees and lower commercial mortgage banking activities, partially offset by higher treasury management product revenue. 
 
 Provision for credit losses was driven by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth, partially offset by the impacts from the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and credit quality improvement in the portfolio. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased in the comparison largely due to a full-year of BBVA operating expenses and continued investments to support business growth, partially offset by lower variable compensation associated with decreased business activity. 
 
 Average loans increased compared with 2021 due to increases in Corporate Banking, Business Credit and Real Estate, partially offset by a decline in Commercial Banking: 
 Corporate Banking provides lending, equipment finance, treasury management and capital markets products and services to mid-sized and large corporations and government, and not-for-profit entities. Average loans for this business increased, driven by strong new production and higher average utilization of loan commitments as well as the full-year benefit of loans from BBVA. 
 Business Credit provides asset-based lending and equipment financing solutions. The loan and lease portfolio is relatively high yielding, with acceptable risk as the loans are mainly secured by business assets. Average loans for this business increased, primarily driven by higher utilization of loan commitments and new production. 
 Real Estate provides banking, financing, and servicing solutions for commercial real estate clients across the country. Average loans for this business increased reflecting new production, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments. 
 Commercial Banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets products and services to smaller corporations and businesses. Average loans for this business decreased, primarily driven by PPP loan forgiveness, partially offset by the full-year benefit of loans from BBVA. 
 
 The deposit strategy of Corporate Institutional Banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to PNC. Average total deposits decreased in the comparison reflecting the impact of competitive pricing dynamics, partially offset by the full-year benefit of deposits from BBVA. We continue to actively monitor the interest rate environment and make adjustments to our deposit strategy in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs and client relationship dynamics. 
 
 In 2021, the BBVA acquisition accelerated Corporate Institutional Banking s geographic expansion. Following the BBVA acquisition and our de novo expansion efforts, we are now a coast-to-coast franchise and have a presence in the largest 30 U.S. metropolitan statistical areas. These expanded locations complement Corporate Institutional Banking s national businesses with a significant presence in these cities, and our full suite of commercial products and services is now offered nationally. 
 
 Product Revenue 
 In addition to credit and deposit products for commercial customers, Corporate Institutional Banking offers other services, including treasury management, capital markets and advisory products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities, for customers of all business segments. On a consolidated basis, the revenue from these other services is included in net interest income and noninterest income, as appropriate. From a business perspective, the majority of the revenue and expense related to these services is reflected in the Corporate Institutional Banking segment results, and the remainder is reflected in the results of other businesses where the customer relationship exists. The Other Information section in Table 13 includes the consolidated revenue to PNC for treasury management and commercial mortgage banking services. A discussion of the consolidated revenue from these services follows. 
 
 The Treasury Management business provides corporations with cash and investment management services, receivables and disbursement management services, funds transfer services, international payment services and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services. Treasury management revenue is reported in noninterest income and net interest income. Noninterest income includes treasury management product revenue less earnings credits provided to customers on compensating deposit balances used to pay for products and services. Net interest income primarily includes revenue from all treasury management customer deposit balances. Compared with 2021, treasury management revenue increased due to wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits and higher noninterest income, reflecting the impact of customer growth and the full-year benefit of BBVA. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 53 

Commercial mortgage banking activities include revenue derived from commercial mortgage servicing (both net interest income and 
 noninterest income), revenue derived from commercial mortgage loans held for sale and hedges related to those activities. Total 
 revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities decreased in the comparison primarily due to lower commercial mortgage servicing income and commercial mortgage loans held for sale, partially offset by a higher benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge. 
 
 Capital markets and advisory includes services and activities primarily related to merger and acquisition advisory, equity capital markets advisory, asset-backed financing, loan syndication, securities underwriting and customer-related trading. The decrease in capital markets and advisory fees in the comparison was mostly driven by lower advisory and underwriting fees, partially offset by higher fees on customer-related derivative activities. 

54 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Asset Management Group 
 
 The Asset Management Group strives to be the leading relationship-based provider of investment, planning, credit and cash management solutions and fiduciary services to affluent individuals and institutions by endeavoring to proactively deliver value-added ideas, solutions and exceptional service. Asset Management Group s priorities are to serve our clients financial objectives, grow and deepen customer relationships and deliver solid financial performance with prudent risk and expense management. 
 Table 14: Asset Management Group Table 
 (Unaudited) Year ended December 31 Change Dollars in millions, except as noted 2022 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 608 476 132 28 Noninterest income 936 987 (51) (5) Total revenue 1,544 1,463 81 6 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses 28 (7) 35 Noninterest expense 1,086 941 145 15 Pretax earnings 430 529 (99) (19) Income taxes 100 123 (23) (19) Earnings 330 406 (76) (19) Average Balance Sheet Loans Consumer Residential real estate 8,029 5,033 2,996 60 Other consumer 4,550 4,321 229 5 Total consumer 12,579 9,354 3,225 34 Commercial 1,505 1,746 (241) (14) Total loans 14,084 11,100 2,984 27 Total assets 14,505 11,677 2,828 24 Deposits Noninterest-bearing 2,664 2,919 (255) (9) Interest-bearing 27,830 22,782 5,048 22 Total deposits 30,494 25,701 4,793 19 Performance Ratios Return on average assets 2.28 3.48 Noninterest income to total revenue 61 67 Efficiency 70 64 Supplemental Noninterest Income Information Asset management fees 908 964 (56) (6) Brokerage fees 8 9 (1) (11) Total 916 973 (57) (6) Other Information Nonperforming assets (a) 56 62 (6) (10) Net charge-offs - loans and leases 17 2 15 750 Brokerage account client assets (in billions) (a) 4 5 (1) (20) Client Assets Under Administration (in billions) (a) (b) 
 Discretionary client assets under management 173 192 (19) (10) Nondiscretionary client assets under administration 152 175 (23) (13) Total 325 367 (42) (11) Discretionary client assets under management PNC Private Bank 105 123 (18) (15) Institutional Asset Management 68 69 (1) (1) Total 173 192 (19) (10) - Not Meaningful 
 (a) As of December 31. 
 (b) Excludes brokerage account client assets. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 55 

The Asset Management Group consists of two primary businesses: PNC Private Bank and Institutional Asset Management. 
 
 The PNC Private Bank is focused on being a premier private bank in each of the markets it serves. This business seeks to deliver high quality banking, trust, and investment management services to our emerging affluent, high net worth, and ultra-high net worth clients through a broad array of products and services. 
 
 Institutional Asset Management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement plan fiduciary investment services to institutional clients, including corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities and non-profits. 
 
 With the inclusion of BBVA, PNC Private Bank has approximately 100 offices operating in nine of the ten most affluent states in the U.S. with a majority co-located within retail banking branches. 
 
 Asset Management Group earnings decreased 76 million in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by an increase in noninterest expense, lower noninterest income and a higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher net interest income. 
 
 Net interest income increased due to growth in average loan and deposit balances, reflecting the full-year benefit of the BBVA acquisition and organic growth, as well as wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits. This was partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans. 
 
 Noninterest income decreased in the comparison primarily attributable to lower average equity markets. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased due to the full-year impact of BBVA operations and continued investments to support business growth. 
 
 Discretionary client assets under management decreased in comparison to the prior year primarily attributable to lower equity markets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 R ISK M ANAGEMENT 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 We encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business. Accordingly, we design our risk governance framework, referred to as the ERM Framework, and risk management processes to help manage this risk. We manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers and communities. 
 
 Our ERM Framework is structurally aligned with regulatory enhanced prudential standards and heightened standards promulgated by the Federal Reserve and OCC, respectively, which establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. This Risk Management section describes our ERM Framework, which consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the Board of Directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. The seven core components are risk culture, enterprise strategy (including risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing), risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting (see the figure below). The overall Risk Management section of this Item 7 also provides an analysis of the firm s Capital Management and our key areas of risk, which include, but are not limited to Credit, Market, Liquidity and Operational (including Compliance and Information Security). Our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this Risk Management section. 
 We operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment. Accordingly, we are actively focused on the timely incorporation of applicable regulatory pronouncements into our ERM Framework. 
 56 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Risk Culture 
 A strong risk culture helps us make well informed decisions, helps ensure individuals conform to the established culture, reduces an individual s ability to do something for personal gain, and rewards employees for working toward a common goal rather than individual interests. Our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. These protocols are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior and risk management practices. 
 
 Managing risk is every employee s responsibility. All of our employees, individually and collectively, are responsible for ensuring the organization is performing with the utmost integrity, is applying sound risk management practices and is striving to achieve our stated objectives. All employees are also responsible for understanding our Enterprise Risk Appetite Statement, the ERM Framework and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. Employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks and elevate issues as required. We reinforce risk management responsibilities through a performance management system where employee performance goals include risk management objectives and incentives for employees to reinforce balanced measures of risk-adjusted performance. 
 Proactive and open communication, between groups and up to the Board of Directors, facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues. Our multi-level risk committee structure provides formal channels to identify and report risk. 
 Enterprise Strategy 
 We seek to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing processes. These components are reviewed and approved at least annually by the Board of Directors or one of its committees. 
 Risk Appetite : Our risk appetite represents the organization s desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. The Enterprise Risk Appetite Statement qualitatively describes the aggregate level of risk we are willing to accept in order to execute our business strategies. Qualitative guiding principles further define each of the risks within our taxonomy to support the risk appetite statement. Risk appetite metrics and limits, including forward-looking metrics, quantitatively measure whether we are operating within our stated Risk Appetite. Our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established Risk Appetite Framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and are adjusted to changes in the external and internal risk environments. 
 Strategic Planning : Our enterprise and line of business strategic plans outline major objectives, strategies and goals which are expected to be achieved over the next five years while seeking to ensure we remain compliant with all capital, risk appetite and liquidity targets and guidelines. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer lead the development of the corporate strategic plan. 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing : Capital planning helps to ensure we are maintaining safe and sound operations and viability. The capital planning process and the resulting capital plan evolve as our overall risks, activities and risk management practices change. Capital planning aligns with our strategic planning process. Stress testing is an essential element of the macroeconomics capital planning process. Effective stress testing enables us to consider the estimated effect on capital of various hypothetical scenarios. 
 Risk Governance and Oversight 
 We employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return and risks are adequately monitored and managed. Risk committees established within this risk governance and oversight framework provide oversight for risk management activities at the Board of Directors, executive, corporate 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 57 

and business levels. Committee composition is designed to provide effective oversight balanced across the three lines of defense in accordance with the OCC s heightened standards and the Federal Reserve Board s enhanced prudential standards. See the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report for more information. 
 To ensure appropriate risks are being taken and effectively managed and controlled, risk is managed across three lines of defense. The Board of Directors and each line of defense s responsibilities are detailed below: 
 Board of Directors The Board of Directors oversees our risk-taking activities, holds management accountable for adhering to the ERM Framework and is responsible for exercising sound, independent judgment when assessing risk. 
 First line of defense The front line units are accountable for identifying, owning and managing risks to within acceptable levels while adhering to the ERM Framework. Our businesses strive to enhance risk management and internal control processes within their areas. Integrated and comprehensive processes are designed to adequately manage the business risk profile and risk appetite through identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting risks that may significantly impact each business. 
 Second line of defense The second line of defense is independent from the first line of defense and is responsible for establishing the risk governance framework and the standards within each independent risk area for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks. As the second line of defense, the independent risk areas monitor the risks generated by the first line of defense, review and challenge the implementation of effective risk management practices, and report on issues or exceptions. The risk areas help to ensure processes and controls owned by the businesses are designed and operating as intended . 
 Third line of defense As the third line of defense, Internal Audit is independent from the first and second lines of defense. Internal Audit provides the Board of Directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of the ERM Framework and the risk management practices across the organization. 
 Within the three lines of defense, the independent risk organization has sufficient authority to influence material decisions. Our business oversight and decision-making is supported through a governance structure at the Board of Directors and management level. Specific responsibilities include: 
 Board of Directors Our Board of Directors oversees our business and affairs as managed by our officers and employees. The Board of Directors may receive assistance in carrying out its duties and may delegate authority through standing or special committees. The following provides a summary of some of the key responsibilities of the Board s standing committees: 
 Audit Committee : monitors the integrity of our consolidated financial statements; monitors internal control over financial reporting; monitors compliance with our code of ethics; evaluates and monitors the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors; and evaluates and monitors the performance of our Internal Audit function and our independent auditors. 
 Nominating and Governance Committee : oversees the implementation of sound corporate governance principles and practices while promoting our best interests and those of our shareholders. 
 Human Resources Committee : oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other specified responsibilities related to talent and human capital matters affecting us. The committee is also responsible for evaluating the relationship between risk-taking activities and incentive compensation plans. 
 Risk Committee : oversees our enterprise-wide risk structure and the processes established to identify, measure, monitor and manage the organization s risks and evaluates and approves our risk governance framework. The Risk Committee has formed a Compliance Subcommittee to facilitate Board-level oversight of risk management in the compliance area. 
 Special Committee on Equity Inclusion : oversees management s equity and inclusion efforts, internally and externally, focusing on our systemic processes (including for employees and suppliers); low- and moderate-income communities (including community development banking, and product offerings and financial support for such communities); and advocacy (including partnerships with leading organizations, and advocacy for necessary structural changes to help provide greater access to the banking system and end systemic racism). 
 Technology Committee : oversees technology strategy and significant technology initiatives and programs, including those that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages, and fulfills the oversight responsibilities delegated from the Risk Committee with respect to technology risk, technology risk management, cybersecurity, information security, business continuity and significant technology initiatives and programs. 
 Management Level Executive Committee The Management Level Executive Committee is responsible for guiding the creation and execution of our business strategy across the company. With this responsibility, the Management Level Executive Committee executes various strategic approval and review activities, with a focus on capital deployment, business performance and risk management. This Committee also helps ensure PNC is staffed with sufficient resources and talent to operate within its risk appetite. 
 Corporate Committees The Corporate Committees generally operate based on the delegated approval authority from a Board-level Committee, the Management Level Executive Committee or other Corporate Committees. These Committees operate at the 
 58 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

senior management level and are designed to facilitate the review, evaluation, oversight and approval of key business and risk activities. 
 Working Committees Working Committees generally operate on delegated approval authority from a Corporate Committee or other Working Committees. Working Committees are intended to provide oversight of regulatory/legal matters, assist in the implementation of key enterprise-level activities within a business or function and support the oversight of key risk activities. 
 Transactional Committees Transactional Committees generally operate based on delegated approval authority from a Corporate or Working Committee to approve individual transactions, transactional related activities or movements on the organization s balance sheet. 
 Policies and Procedures We have established risk management Policies and Procedures to support our ERM Framework, articulate our risk culture, define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities and to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the Board of Directors. These Policies and Procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant Committees, including where appropriate Committees of the Board of Directors, or management. 
 Risk Identification 
 Risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization. These risk types include, but are not limited to, credit, liquidity and capital, market and operational (which includes, among other types of risk, compliance and information security). Risks are identified based on a balanced use of analytical tools and management judgment for both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. Our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. These risks are prioritized based on quantitative and qualitative analysis and assessed against our risk appetite. Multiple tools and approaches are used to help identify and prioritize risks, including Risk Appetite Metrics, Key Risk Indicators, Key Performance Indicators, Risk and Control Self-Assessments, scenario analysis, stress testing and special investigations. 
 
 Risks are aggregated and assessed within and across risk functions and businesses. The aggregated risk information is reviewed and reported at an enterprise level to the Board of Directors or appropriate committees. This enterprise aggregation and reporting approach promotes the identification and appropriate escalation of material risks across the organization and supports an understanding of the cumulative impact of risk in relation to our risk appetite. 
 Risk Assessment 
 Once risks are identified, they are evaluated based on quantitative and qualitative analysis to determine whether they are material. Risk assessments support the overall management of an effective ERM Framework and help us to control and monitor our actual risk level and risk management effectiveness. Comprehensive, accurate and timely assessments of risk are essential to an effective ERM Framework. Effective risk measurement practices are designed to uncover recurring risks that have been experienced in the past; facilitate the monitoring, understanding, analysis and reporting of known risks; and reveal unanticipated risks that may not be easy to understand or predict. 
 Risk Controls and Monitoring 
 Our ERM Framework consists of policies, processes, personnel and control systems. Risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our Risk Appetite Statement and associated guiding principles to the risk-taking activities of our businesses. In addition to risk appetite limits, a system of more detailed internal controls exists which oversees and monitors our various processes and functions. These control systems measure performance, help employees make correct decisions, help ensure information is accurate and reliable and facilitate compliance with laws and regulations. 
 We design our monitoring and evaluation of risks and controls to provide assurance that policies, procedures and controls are effective and also to result in the identification of control improvement recommendations. Risk monitoring is a daily, ongoing process used by both the first and second line of defense to help ensure compliance with our ERM Framework. Risk monitoring is accomplished in many ways, including performing risk assessments at the business and risk assessment unit level, monitoring an area s key controls, the timely reporting of issues and establishing a quality control and/or quality assurance function, as applicable. 
 Risk Aggregation and Reporting 
 Risk reporting is a comprehensive way to: (i) communicate aggregate risks, including identified concentrations; (ii) escalate instances where we are outside of our risk appetite; (iii) monitor our risk profile in relation to our risk appetite; and (iv) communicate risks and views on the effectiveness of our risk management activities to the Board of Directors and executive management. 
 Risk reports are produced at the line of business, functional risk and enterprise levels. Each individual risk report includes an assessment of inherent risk, quality of risk management, residual risk, risk appetite and risk outlook. The enterprise level risk report aggregates material risks identified in the risk area reports and in the business reports to define the enterprise risk profile. The enterprise risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of enterprise risk and represents our overall risk position in relation to the desired 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 59 

enterprise risk appetite. The determination of the enterprise risk profile is based on analysis of quantitative reporting of risk limits and other measures along with qualitative assessments. Quarterly aggregation of risk reports from the risk areas and lines of business is designed to provide a clear view of our risk level relative to our quantitative risk appetite. The enterprise level report is provided through the governance structure to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Credit Risk Management 
 
 Credit risk represents the possibility that a customer, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with the contractual terms of their loan, extension of credit or other financial obligation with PNC. Credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from extending credit to customers, purchasing securities and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Our processes for managing credit risk are designed to be embedded in our risk culture and in our decision-making processes using a systematic approach whereby credit risks and related exposures are identified and assessed, managed through specific policies and processes, measured and evaluated against our risk appetite and credit concentration limits, and reported, along with specific mitigation activities, to management and the Board of Directors through our governance structure. Our most significant concentration of credit risk is in our loan portfolio. 
 
 Credit Risk Management employs a governance, policy and monitoring framework for environmental and social risk topics that may include updates to PNC s Credit Portfolio Strategy Committee. Outcomes from those updates may be incorporated into credit policies and risk procedures that govern our risk appetite, credit decisioning, portfolio management and reserve processes. 
 
 Credit Risk Management is currently working to understand, and incorporate into our credit risk management framework, the impacts to credit risk that may accelerate or be introduced as a result of climate change, including impacts from physical risk events and risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. These risk events may impact a borrower s income, cash flow or collateral due to frequency or severity of weather events, changing market conditions, consumer preferences and demand for products, or changes to the legislative and regulatory landscape. As disruptive events occur, PNC follows a process to determine if enhanced portfolio monitoring, reporting and executive communication is warranted to ensure appropriate oversight and action. 
 
 To address environmental and social-related risks, including climate change, PNC limits new originations in sectors that are no longer consistent with our strategic direction, such as mountain-top mining, Arctic oil and gas and private prisons. Corporate Institutional Banking transactions may be subjected to an Environmental and Social Risk Management assessment designed to help us better identify and mitigate environmental, human rights and other social risks early in the credit application process. Transactions identified as having a potential environmental, human rights or other social risk are evaluated to determine whether enhanced due diligence is warranted. Additionally, PNC strives to ensure flood insurance is present for properties as required by applicable regulations, while also monitoring other water-related risks (such as the increased shoreline (and coastal) erosion) and weather-related events (such as hurricanes and wildfires). 

Loan Portfolio Characteristics and Analysis 
 
 Table 15: Details of Loans 
 In billions 
 
 60 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

We use several credit quality indicators, as further detailed in Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses, to monitor and measure our exposure to credit risk within our loan portfolio. The following provides additional information about the significant loan classes that comprise our Commercial and Consumer portfolio segments. 
 
 Commercial 
 
 C ommercial and Industrial 
 Commercial and industrial loans comprised 56 and 53 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of our commercial and industrial loans are secured by collateral that provides a secondary source of repayment for the loan should the borrower experience cash generation difficulties. Examples of this collateral include short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and securities, and long-lived assets, such as equipment, owner-occupied real estate and other business assets. 
 
 We actively manage our commercial and industrial loans to assess any changes (both positive and negative) in the level of credit risk at both the borrower and portfolio level. To evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign internal risk ratings reflecting our estimates of the borrower s PD and LGD for each related credit facility. This two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process and is updated on an ongoing basis through our credit risk management processes. In addition to monitoring the level of credit risk, we also monitor concentrations of credit risk pertaining to both specific industries and geographies that may exist in our portfolio. Our commercial and industrial portfolio is well-diversified across industries as shown in the following table which provides a breakout by industry classification (classified based on the North American Industry Classification System). 

Table 16: Commercial and Industrial Loans by Industry 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial and industrial Manufacturing 30,845 17 22,597 15 Retail/wholesale trade 29,176 16 22,803 15 Service providers 23,548 13 20,750 14 Financial services 21,320 12 17,950 12 Real estate related (a) 17,780 10 15,123 10 Technology, media telecommunications 11,845 7 10,070 7 Health care 10,649 6 9,944 7 Transportation and warehousing 7,858 4 7,136 5 Other industries 29,198 15 26,560 15 Total commercial and industrial loans 182,219 100 152,933 100 
 (a) Represents loans to customers in the real estate and construction industries. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loan growth from December 31, 2021 was driven by new production and higher utilization of loan commitments, partially offset by PPP loan forgiveness. PPP loans outstanding totaled 0.4 billion and 3.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Commercial real estate loans comprised 22.3 billion related to commercial mortgages on income-producing properties, 6.4 billion of real estate construction project loans and 7.6 billion of intermediate term financing loans as of December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts as of December 31, 2021 were 18.6 billion, 7.3 billion and 8.1 billion, respectively. 
 
 We monitor credit risk associated with our commercial real estate loans similar to commercial and industrial loans by analyzing PD and LGD. Additionally, risks associated with these types of credit activities tend to be correlated to the loan structure, collateral location and quality, project progress and business environment. These attributes are also monitored and utilized in assessing credit risk. The portfolio is geographically diverse due to the nature of our business involving clients throughout the U.S. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 61 

The following table presents our commercial real estate loans by geography and property type: 
 
 Table 17: Commercial Real Estate Loans by Geography and Property Type 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Amount of Total Amount of Total Geography (a) California 6,224 17 5,561 16 Texas 3,871 11 3,458 10 Florida 3,275 9 2,987 9 Pennsylvania 1,638 5 1,482 4 Virginia 1,638 5 1,720 5 Maryland 1,496 4 1,557 5 Colorado 1,336 4 1,126 3 Illinois 1,321 4 970 3 Ohio 1,236 3 1,219 4 North Carolina 1,150 3 823 2 Other 13,131 35 13,112 39 Total commercial real estate loans 36,316 100 34,015 100 Property Type (a) Multifamily 13,738 38 10,581 31 Office 9,123 25 9,547 28 Industrial/warehouse 4,035 11 2,413 7 Retail 2,855 8 3,570 10 Seniors housing 2,228 6 2,602 8 Hotel/motel 1,896 5 2,008 6 Mixed use 701 2 724 2 Other 1,740 5 2,570 8 Total commercial real estate loans 36,316 100 34,015 100 
 (a) Presented in descending order based on loan balances at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As remote work continues to be a feasible alternative and notable portions of leased space remain unoccupied, real estate related to the office sector is an area of continuing uncertainty. Evolving conditions suggest a structural change for office demand moving forward; however, the change is anticipated to develop more fully over time. PNC continues to closely monitor our exposure in the office sector as these concerns develop, and while internal risk and regulatory classification assessments have weakened, we have not seen a notable change in loan performance at this time. 
 
 Consumer 
 
 Residential Real Estate 
 Residential real estate loans primarily consisted of residential mortgage loans at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We obtain loan attributes at origination, including FICO scores and LTVs, and we update these and other credit metrics at least quarterly. We track borrower performance monthly. We also segment the mortgage portfolio into pools based on product type e.g. , nonconforming or conforming). This information is used for internal reporting and risk management. As part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, FICO scores, LTV and geographic concentrations. Loan performance is evaluated by source originators and loan servicers. 

62 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The following table presents certain key statistics related to our residential real estate portfolio: 
 
 Table 18: Residential Real Estate Loan Statistics 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Amount of Total Amount of Total Geography (a) California 18,609 41 15,041 38 Texas 4,194 9 4,397 11 Florida 3,360 7 3,124 8 Washington 3,009 7 1,909 5 New Jersey 1,925 4 1,660 4 New York 1,558 3 1,279 3 Arizona 1,436 3 1,435 4 Colorado 1,192 3 1,145 3 Pennsylvania 1,188 3 1,069 3 Illinois 970 2 957 2 Other 8,448 18 7,696 19 Total residential real estate loans 
 45,889 100 39,712 100 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average loan origination statistics (b) Loan origination FICO score 770 775 LTV of loan originations 71 67 
 (a) Presented in descending order based on loan balances at December 31, 2022. 
 (b) Weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We originate residential mortgage loans nationwide through our national mortgage business as well as within our branch network. Residential mortgage loans underwritten to agency standards, including conforming loan amount limits, are typically sold with servicing retained by us. We also originate nonconforming residential mortgage loans that do not meet agency standards, which we retain on our balance sheet. Our portfolio of originated nonconforming residential mortgage loans totaled 40.6 billion at December 31, 2022 with 44 located in California. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were 34.9 billion and 42 , respectively. 
 
 Home Equity 
 Home equity loans comprised 19.5 billion of primarily variable-rate home equity lines of credit and 6.5 billion of closed-end home equity installment loans at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts were 15.8 billion and 8.3 billion as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Similar to residential real estate loans, we track borrower performance of this portfolio on a monthly basis. We also segment the population into pools based on product type e.g. , home equity loans, brokered home equity loans, home equity lines of credit or brokered home equity lines of credit) and track the historical performance of any related mortgage loans regardless of whether we hold such liens. This information is used for internal reporting and risk management. As part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, FICO scores, LTV, lien position and geographic concentration. 
 
 The credit performance of the majority of the home equity portfolio where we hold the first lien position is superior to the portion of the portfolio where we hold the second lien position, but do not hold the first lien. Lien position information is generally determined at the time of origination and monitored on an ongoing basis for risk management purposes. We use a third-party service provider to obtain updated loan information, including lien and collateral data that is aggregated from public and private sources. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 63 

The following table presents certain key statistics related to our home equity portfolio: 
 
 Table 19: Home Equity Loan Statistics 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Amount of Total Amount of Total Geography (a) Pennsylvania 5,051 19 5,108 21 New Jersey 3,266 13 3,117 13 Ohio 2,352 9 2,398 10 Florida 2,082 8 1,701 7 Michigan 1,263 5 1,246 5 Maryland 1,254 5 1,206 5 California 1,247 5 705 3 Texas 1,144 4 978 4 Illinois 1,126 4 1,154 5 North Carolina 995 4 918 4 Other 6,203 24 5,530 23 Total home equity loans 25,983 100 24,061 100 Lien type 1st lien 58 62 2nd lien 42 38 Total 100 100 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average loan origination statistics (b) Loan origination FICO score 774 782 LTV of loan originations 67 66 
 (a) Presented in descending order based on loan balances at December 31, 2022. 
 (b) Weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Automobile 
 Auto loans comprised 13.7 billion in the indirect auto portfolio and 1.1 billion in the direct auto portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts as of December 31, 2021 were 15.4 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. The indirect auto portfolio consists of loans originated primarily through franchised dealers, including from expansion into new markets. This business is strategically aligned with our core retail banking business. 

The following table presents certain key statistics related to our indirect and direct auto portfolios: 
 
 Table 20: Auto Loan Statistics 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average loan origination FICO score (a) (b) Indirect auto 784 791 Direct auto 776 775 Weighted-average term of loan originations - in months (a) Indirect auto 73 72 Direct auto 63 62 
 (a) Weighted-averages calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Calculated using the auto enhanced FICO scale. 
 
 We continue to focus on borrowers with strong credit profiles as evidenced by the weighted-average loan origination FICO scores noted in Table 20. We offer both new and used auto financing to customers through our various channels. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio balance was composed of 50 new vehicle loans and 50 used vehicle loans. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were 53 and 47 , respectively. 
 
 The auto loan portfolio s performance is measured monthly, including updated collateral values that are obtained monthly and updated FICO scores that are obtained at least quarterly. For internal reporting and risk management, we analyze the portfolio by product channel and product type and regularly evaluate default and delinquency experience. As part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we segment the portfolio by geography, channel, collateral attributes and credit metrics which include FICO score, LTV and term. 
 64 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Nonperforming Assets and Loan Delinquencies 
 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming TDRs and PCD loans, OREO and foreclosed assets. Loans held for sale, certain government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option are excluded from nonperforming loans. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for details on our nonaccrual policies. 

The following table presents a summary of nonperforming assets by major category: 
 
 Table 21: Nonperforming Assets by Type 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Dollars in millions Nonperforming loans Commercial 858 1,168 (310) (27) Consumer (a) 1,127 1,312 (185) (14) Total nonperforming loans 1,985 2,480 (495) (20) OREO and foreclosed assets 34 26 8 31 Total nonperforming assets 2,019 2,506 (487) (19) TDRs included in nonperforming loans 699 988 (289) (29) Percentage of total nonperforming loans 35 40 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.61 0.86 Nonperforming assets to total loans, OREO and foreclosed assets 0.62 0.87 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.36 0.45 Allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans 239 196 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans (b) 274 223 
 (a) Excludes most unsecured consumer loans and lines of credit, which are charged off after 120 to 180 days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status. 
 (b) Calculated excluding allowances for investment securities and other financial assets. 

The following table provides details on the change in nonperforming assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 22: Change in Nonperforming Assets 
 In millions 2022 2021 January 1 2,506 2,337 Acquired nonperforming assets (a) 880 New nonperforming assets 1,523 1,216 Charge-offs and valuation adjustments (370) (255) Principal activity, including paydowns and payoffs (868) (1,023) Asset sales and transfers to loans held for sale (52) (134) Returned to performing status (720) (515) December 31 2,019 2,506 
 (a) Represents the June 30, 2021 balance of nonperforming assets attributable to BBVA. Changes in this acquired portfolio for the six months ended December 31, 2021 are reflected in the appropriate category based on activity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 98 of total nonperforming loans were secured by collateral which lessened reserve requirements and is expected to reduce credit losses. 
 
 Within consumer nonperforming loans, residential real estate TDRs comprised 50 of total residential real estate nonperforming loans, while home equity TDRs comprised 31 of home equity nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were 42 and 36 , respectively. TDRs generally remain in nonperforming status until a borrower has made at least six consecutive months of both principal and interest payments under the modified terms or ultimate resolution occurs. Loans where borrowers have been discharged from personal liability through Chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us and loans to borrowers not currently obligated to make both principal and interest payments under the restructured terms are not returned to accrual status. See Troubled Debt Restructurings and Loan Modifications within this Credit Risk Management section for more information on how certain loans to borrowers experiencing COVID-19 related difficulties were treated prior to the expiration of CARES Act TDR relief. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 65 

Loan Delinquencies 
 We regularly monitor the level of loan delinquencies and believe these levels may be a key indicator of credit quality in our loan portfolio. Measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. Loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. Loan delinquencies include government insured or guaranteed loans, loans accounted for under the fair value option and PCD loans. Amounts exclude loans held for sale. 
 
 We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower, repayment sources, underlying collateral, and other support given current events, economic conditions and expectations. We refine our practices to meet the changing environment resulting from rising inflation levels, supply chain disruptions, higher interest rates and secular changes fostered by the COVID-19 pandemic. To mitigate losses and enhance customer support, we have customer assistance, loan modification and collection programs that align with the CARES Act and subsequent interagency guidance. As a result, under the CARES Act credit reporting rules, certain loans modified due to COVID-19 related hardships are not being reported as past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on the contractual terms of the loan, even where borrowers may not be making payments on their loans during the modification period. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of accruing loans past due by delinquency status: 
 
 Table 23: Accruing Loans Past Due (a) Amount of Total Loans Outstanding December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Early stage loan delinquencies Accruing loans past due 30 to 59 days 747 1,011 (264) (26) 0.23 0.35 Accruing loans past due 60 to 89 days 261 355 (94) (26) 0.08 0.12 Total early stage loan delinquencies 1,008 1,366 (358) (26) 0.31 0.47 Late stage loan delinquencies Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 482 619 (137) (22) 0.15 0.21 Total accruing loans past due 1,490 1,985 (495) (25) 0.46 0.69 
 (a) Past due loan amounts include government insured or guaranteed loans of 0.4 billion and 0.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The decrease in accruing loans past due from December 31, 2021 was the result of lower delinquencies in both the consumer and commercial portfolios. 
 
 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more continue to accrue interest because they are (i) well secured by collateral and are in the process of collection, (ii) managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines, or (iii) certain government insured or guaranteed loans. As such, they are excluded from nonperforming loans. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings and Loan Modifications 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 A TDR is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. TDRs result from our loss mitigation activities and include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and extensions, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. Additionally, TDRs also result from court-imposed concessions e.g. , a Chapter 7 bankruptcy where the debtor is discharged from personal liability to us and a court approved Chapter 13 bankruptcy repayment plan). Prior to the expiration of TDR relief on January 1, 2022, PNC elected not to apply a TDR designation to loans that were restructured due to a COVID-19 hardship pursuant to specific criteria under the CARES Act. Consistent with the expiration of this relief, loans that experience a COVID-19 related hardship and are restructured after January 1, 2022 are subject to existing GAAP guidance related to TDRs. 

66 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The following table provides a summary of troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 
 
 Table 24: Summary of Troubled Debt Restructurings (a) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Dollars in millions Commercial 561 672 (111) (17) Consumer 841 919 (78) (8) Total TDRs 1,402 1,591 (189) (12) Nonperforming 699 988 (289) (29) Accruing (b) 703 603 100 17 Total TDRs 1,402 1,591 (189) (12) 
 (a) Amounts in table do not include associated valuation allowances. 
 (b) Accruing loans include consumer credit card loans and certain loans that have demonstrated a period of at least six months of performance under the restructured terms and are excluded from nonperforming loans. 
 
 Nonperforming TDRs represented approximately 35 of total nonperforming loans and 50 of total TDRs at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were 40 and 62 , respectively. The remaining portion of TDRs represents TDRs that have been returned to accrual status after performing under the restructured terms for at least six consecutive months. 
 
 See Note 1 Accounting Policies and Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information on TDRs. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 PNC provides relief to our customers experiencing financial hardships through a variety of solutions. Commercial loan and lease modifications are based on each individual borrower s situation and may involve reduction of the interest rate, extension of the loan term and/or forgiveness of principal. Consumer loan modifications are evaluated under our hardship relief programs, including COVID-19 related hardships that extended beyond the initial relief period. 
 
 See Troubled Debt Restructurings within this Credit Risk Management section for more information on how certain loans to borrowers experiencing COVID-19 related difficulties were treated prior to the expiration of CARES Act TDR relief. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Our determination of the ACL is based on historical loss and performance experience, current economic conditions, reasonable and 
 supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors, including current borrower and/or transaction characteristics. We maintain the ACL at an appropriate level for expected losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, trade receivables and other financial assets and off-balance sheet credit exposures and determine this allowance based on assessments of the remaining estimated contractual term as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 Expected losses are estimated primarily using a combination of (i) the expected losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period, (ii) a period of reversion to long run average expected losses where applicable and (iii) long run average expected losses for the remaining estimated contractual term. 
 
 We use forward-looking information in estimating expected credit losses for our reasonable and supportable forecast period. For this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three-year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios and associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes. Forward-looking information, such as forecasted relevant macroeconomic variables, is incorporated into the expected credit loss estimates using quantitative macroeconomic models, as well as through analysis from PNC s economists and management s judgment in qualitatively assessing the ACL. 
 
 The reversion period is used to bridge our three-year reasonable and supportable forecast period and the long-run average expected credit losses. We may consider a number of factors in determining the duration of the reversion period, such as contractual maturity of the asset, observed historical patterns and the estimated credit loss rates at the end of the forecast period relative to the beginning of the long run average period. The reversion period is typically 1-3 years, if not immediate. 
 
 The long-run average expected credit losses are derived from our available historical credit information. We use long-run average expected loss for the portfolio over the estimated remaining contractual term beyond our reasonable and supportable forecast period and the reversion period. 
 
 The following discussion provides additional information related to our reserves under CECL for loans and leases as well as unfunded lending related commitments. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for further discussion on our ACL, including details of 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 67 

our methodologies and discussion of the allowances for investment securities and other financial assets. See also the Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments section for further discussion of the assumptions used in the determination of the ACL. 
 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 Our pooled expected credit loss methodology is based upon the quantification of PD, LGD, EAD and the remaining estimated contractual term for a loan, loan segment or lease. We also consider the impact of prepayments and amortization on contractual maturity in our expected loss estimates. We use historical data, current borrower characteristics and forecasted economic variables in quantitative methods to estimate these risk parameters by loan, loan segment or lease. PDs represent a quantification of risk that a borrower may not be able to pay their contractual obligation over a defined period of time. LGD describes the estimate of potential loss if a borrower were to default, and EAD (or utilization rates for revolving loans) is the estimated balance outstanding at the time of default. These parameters are calculated for each forecasted scenario and are combined to generate expected loss estimates by scenario in proportion to the scenario weights. 
 
 We use a discounted cash flow methodology for our consumer real estate related loan classes and for certain TDR loans. For non-TDR residential real estate loans and lines, we determine effective interest rates considering contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayments and market interest rates. We then determine the net present value of expected cash flows and ALLL by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for both prepayments and expected credit losses using the effective interest rates. 
 
 For loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics with a pool of loans, we establish individually assessed reserves using methods prescribed by GAAP. Reserves for individual commercial nonperforming loans and commercial nonperforming TDRs exceeding a defined dollar threshold are based on an analysis of the present value of the loan s expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral, if appropriate under our policy for collateral dependent loans. Commercial nonperforming loans that are below the defined threshold and accruing TDRs are collectively reserved for, as we believe these loans continue to share similar risk characteristics. For consumer nonperforming loans classified as collateral dependent, charge-off and ALLL related to recovery of amounts previously charged-off are evaluated through an analysis of the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. 
 
 While our reserve methodologies strive to reflect all relevant credit risk factors, there continues to be uncertainty associated with, but not limited to, potential imprecision in the estimation process due to the inherent time lag of obtaining information and normal variations between expected and actual outcomes. We may hold additional reserves that are designed to provide coverage for losses attributable to such risks. A portion of the allowance is related to qualitative measurement factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Industry concentrations and conditions, 
 Changes in market conditions, including regulatory and legal requirements, 
 Changes in the nature and volume of our portfolio, 
 Recent credit quality trends, 
 Recent loss experience in particular portfolios, including specific and unique events, 
 Recent macroeconomic factors that may not be reflected in the forecast information, 
 Limitations of available input data, including historical loss information and recent data such as collateral values, 
 Model imprecision and limitations, 
 Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in loss recognition and mitigation policies and procedures, and 
 Timing of available information. 
 
 Allowance for Unfunded Lending Related Commitments 
 We maintain the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments on off-balance sheet credit exposures that are not unconditionally cancelable, e.g., unfunded loan commitments, letters of credit and certain financial guarantees) at a level we believe is appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on these exposures. Other than the estimation of the probability of funding, this reserve is estimated in a manner similar to the methodology used for determining reserves for loans and leases. The allowance for unfunded lending related commitments is recorded as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Net adjustments to this reserve are included in the provision for credit losses. 
 68 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The following table summarizes our ACL related to loans: 
 
 Table 25: Allowance for Credit Losses by Loan Class (a) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Allowance Amount Total Loans of Total Loans Allowance Amount Total Loans of Total Loans Allowance for loans and lease losses Commercial Commercial and industrial 1,957 182,219 1.07 1,879 152,933 1.23 Commercial real estate 1,047 36,316 2.88 1,216 34,015 3.57 Equipment lease financing 110 6,514 1.69 90 6,130 1.47 Total commercial 3,114 225,049 1.38 3,185 193,078 1.65 Consumer Residential real estate 92 45,889 0.20 21 39,712 0.05 Home equity 274 25,983 1.05 149 24,061 0.62 Automobile 226 14,836 1.52 372 16,635 2.24 Credit card 748 7,069 10.58 712 6,626 10.75 Education 63 2,173 2.90 71 2,533 2.80 Other consumer 224 5,026 4.46 358 5,727 6.25 Total consumer 1,627 100,976 1.61 1,683 95,294 1.77 Total 4,741 326,025 1.45 4,868 288,372 1.69 Allowance for unfunded lending related commitments 
 694 662 Allowance for credit losses 
 5,435 5,530 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.67 1.92 Commercial 1.66 1.94 Consumer 1.69 1.87 
 (a) Excludes allowances for investment securities and other financial assets, which together totaled 176 million and 171 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 69 

The following table summarizes our loan charge-offs and recoveries: 
 Table 26: Loan Charge-Offs and Recoveries 
 Year ended December 31 Dollars in millions Gross Charge-offs Recoveries Net Charge-offs / (Recoveries) of Average Loans 2022 Commercial Commercial and industrial 257 101 156 0.09 Commercial real estate 44 5 39 0.11 Equipment lease financing 6 8 (2) (0.03) Total commercial 307 114 193 0.09 Consumer Residential real estate 11 17 (6) (0.01) Home equity 15 71 (56) (0.23) Automobile 152 124 28 0.18 Credit card 256 51 205 3.09 Education 16 5 11 0.46 Other consumer 228 40 188 3.44 Total consumer 678 308 370 0.38 Total 985 422 563 0.18 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial 385 88 297 0.21 Commercial real estate 36 7 29 0.09 Equipment lease financing 13 11 2 0.03 Total commercial 434 106 328 0.18 Consumer Residential real estate 15 28 (13) (0.04) Home equity 20 86 (66) (0.27) Automobile 169 143 26 0.16 Credit card 256 46 210 3.39 Education 15 8 7 0.25 Other consumer 192 27 165 3.05 Total consumer 667 338 329 0.38 Total 1,101 444 657 0.24 
 
 Total net charge-offs decreased 94 million, or 14 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The decline was primarily driven by fewer commercial net charge-offs, partially offset by higher consumer net charge-offs primarily due to a decrease in recoveries. Net charge-offs in the comparative period included BBVA-related charge-offs resulting from required purchase accounting treatment. 
 
 See Note 1 Accounting Policies and Note 4 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information. 

Liquidity and Capital Management 
 
 Liquidity risk has two fundamental components. The first is potential loss assuming we were unable to meet our funding requirements at a reasonable cost. The second is the potential inability to operate our businesses because adequate contingent liquidity is not available. We manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level (bank, parent company and all subsidiaries combined) to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal business as usual and stressful circumstances, and to help ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of contingent liquidity. 
 
 Management monitors liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market, or PNC-specific, liquidity stress event. In addition, management performs a set of liquidity stress tests over multiple time horizons with varying levels of severity and maintains a contingency funding plan to address a potential liquidity stress event. In the most severe liquidity stress simulation, we assume that our liquidity position is under pressure, while the market in general is under systemic pressure. The simulation considers, among other things, the impact of restricted access to both secured and unsecured external sources of funding, accelerated runoff of customer deposits, valuation pressure on assets and heavy demand to fund committed obligations. Parent company liquidity guidelines are designed to help ensure that sufficient liquidity is available to meet our parent company obligations over the succeeding 24-month period. Liquidity-related risk limits are established within our Enterprise Liquidity Management Policy 
 70 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

and supporting policies. Management committees, including the Asset and Liability Committee, and the Board of Directors and its Risk Committee regularly review compliance with key established limits. 
 
 In addition to these liquidity monitoring measures and tools described above, we also monitor our liquidity by reference to the LCR, which is calculated on a daily basis, and the NSFR which are further described in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 Business of this Report. 
 
 We provide additional information regarding regulatory liquidity requirements and their potential impact on us in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 Business and Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses. These deposits provide relatively stable and low-cost funding. Total deposits decreased to 436.3 billion at December 31, 2022 from 457.3 billion at December 31, 2021 and included a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits in 2022, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. See the Funding Sources section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Review in this Item 7 for additional information related to our deposits. Additionally, certain assets determined by us to be liquid as well as unused borrowing capacity from a number of sources are also available to manage our liquidity position. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our liquid assets consisted of cash and due from banks and short-term investments (federal funds sold, resale agreements, trading securities and interest-earning deposits with banks) totaling 37.8 billion and securities available for sale totaling 44.2 billion. The level of liquid assets fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth and balance sheet management activities. PNC pledges securities as collateral to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes. Pledged securities included 25.3 billion of securities held to maturity and an immaterial amount of available for sale and trading securities. 
 We also obtain liquidity through various forms of funding, including long-term debt (senior notes, subordinated debt and FHLB borrowings) and short-term borrowings (securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings). See Note 10 Borrowed Funds and the Funding Sources section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Review in this Item 7 for additional information related to our borrowings. 

Total senior and subordinated debt, on a consolidated basis, decreased during 2022 due to the following activity: 
 Table 27: Senior and Subordinated Debt 
 In billions 2022 January 1 27.7 Issuances 4.5 Calls and maturities (7.3) Other (1.9) December 31 23.0 
 
 Bank Liquidity 
 Under PNC Bank s 2014 bank note program, as amended, PNC Bank may from time to time offer up to 40.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of its unsecured senior and subordinated notes with maturity dates more than nine months (in the case of senior notes) and five years or more (in the case of subordinated notes) from their date of issue. At December 31, 2022, PNC Bank had 8.5 billion of notes outstanding under this program of which 4.7 billion were senior notes and 3.8 billion were subordinated notes. 

The following table details PNC Bank note issuances in 2022: 
 
 Table 28: PNC Bank Notes Issued 
 Issuance Date Amount Description of Issuance December 2, 2022 200 million 200 million in aggregate principal amount of its senior floating rate notes due December 2, 2024. Interest is payable monthly in arrears at a floating rate per annum of the one-month BSBY, plus 0.700 on the second day of each month from January 2, 2023 to the maturity date of December 2, 2024. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 71 

The following table details PNC Bank note redemptions in 2022: 
 Table 29: PNC Bank Notes Redeemed Redemption Date Amount Description of Redemption January 18, 2022 1.25 billion All outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of February 17, 2022. The securities had a distribution rate of 2.625 . The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of January 18, 2022. February 24, 2022 1.0 billion All outstanding senior floating rate bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of February 24, 2023. The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of February 24, 2022. February 24, 2022 500 million All outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of February 24, 2023. The securities had a distribution rate of 1.743 . The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of February 24, 2022. May 31, 2022 750 million All outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of June 29, 2022. The securities had a distribution rate of 2.875 . The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of May 31, 2022. June 28, 2022 750 million All outstanding senior bank notes with an original scheduled maturity date of July 28, 2022. The securities had a distribution rate of 2.450 . The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of June 28, 2022. 
 
 PNC Bank maintains additional secured borrowing capacity with the FHLB-Pittsburgh and through the Federal Reserve Bank discount window. The Federal Reserve Bank, however, is not viewed as a primary means of funding our routine business activities, but rather as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. At December 31, 2022, our unused secured borrowing capacity at the FHLB-Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank totaled 67.2 billion. 
 
 PNC Bank has the ability to offer up to 10.0 billion of its commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, there were no issuances outstanding under this program. 
 
 Additionally, PNC Bank may access funding from the parent company through deposits placed at the bank or through issuing senior unsecured notes. 
 
 Parent Company Liquidity 
 In addition to managing liquidity risk at the bank level, we monitor the parent company s liquidity. The parent company s contractual obligations consist primarily of debt service related to parent company borrowings and funding non-bank affiliates. Additionally, the parent company maintains liquidity to fund discretionary activities such as paying dividends to our shareholders, share repurchases and acquisitions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, available parent company liquidity totaled 9.6 billion. Parent company liquidity is held in intercompany cash and investments. For investments with longer durations, the related maturities are aligned with scheduled cash needs, such as the maturity of parent company debt obligations. 
 
 The principal source of parent company liquidity is the dividends or other capital distributions it receives from PNC Bank, which may be impacted by the following: 
 Bank-level capital needs, 
 Laws, regulations and the results of supervisory activities, 
 Corporate policies, 
 Contractual restrictions, and 
 Other factors. 
 
 There are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of a national bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions or to extend credit to the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries. The amount available for dividend payments by PNC Bank to the parent company without prior regulatory approval was 3.5 billion at December 31, 2022. See Note 20 Regulatory Matters for further discussion of these limitations. 
 
 In addition to dividends from PNC Bank, other sources of parent company liquidity include cash and investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments from other subsidiaries and dividends or distributions from equity investments. We can also generate liquidity for the parent company and PNC s non-bank subsidiaries through the issuance of debt and equity securities, including certain capital instruments, in public or private markets and commercial paper. As authorized by the Board of Directors, the parent company has the ability to offer up to 5.0 billion of commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, there were no commercial paper issuances outstanding. 

72 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The following table details Parent Company note issuances in 2022: 
 
 Table 30: Parent Company Notes Issued 
 Issuance Date Amount Description of Issuance June 6, 2022 850 million 850 million of subordinated fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of June 6, 2033. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 4.626 per annum, on June 6 and December 6 of each year, beginning on December 6, 2022. Beginning on June 6, 2032, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus 1.850 , on September 6, 2032, December 6, 2032, March 6, 2033 and at the maturity date. October 28, 2022 1.0 billion 1.0 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of October 28, 2025. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 5.671 per annum, on April 28 and October 28 of each year, beginning on April 28, 2023. Beginning on October 28, 2024, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus 1.09 , on January 28, 2025, April 28, 2025, July 28, 2025 and at the maturity date. 
 October 28, 2022 1.5 billion 1.5 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of October 28, 2033. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 6.037 per annum, on April 28 and October 28 of each year, beginning on April 28, 2023. Beginning on October 28, 2032, interest is payable on the 2033 Senior Notes quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus 2.14 , on January 28, 2033, April 28, 2033, July 28, 2033 and at the maturity date. 
 December 2, 2022 1.0 billion 1.0 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of December 2, 2028. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of 5.354 per annum, on June 2 and December 2 of each year, beginning on June 2, 2023. Beginning on December 2, 2027, interest is payable quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus 1.62 , on March 2, 2028, June 2, 2028, September 2, 2028 and at the maturity date. 
 
 See Note 25 Subsequent Events for details on the parent company s issuance of 1.25 billion of its 4.758 senior fixed-to-floating rate notes that mature on January 26, 2027 and 1.5 billion of its 5.068 senior fixed-to-floating rate notes that mature on January 24, 2034. 

The following table details Parent Company note redemptions in 2022: 
 Table 31: Parent Company Notes Redeemed 
 Redemption Date Amount Description of Redemption February 7, 2022 1.0 billion 1.0 billion of senior notes with a maturity date of March 8, 2022. The securities had a distribution rate of 3.30 . The redemption price was equal to 1,000 per 1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of February 7, 2022. 
 
 Parent company senior and subordinated debt outstanding totaled 13.1 billion at December 31, 2022 compared with 11.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 We enter into various contractual arrangements in the normal course of business, certain of which require future payments that could impact our liquidity and capital resources. These obligations include commitments to extend credit, outstanding letters of credit, customer deposits, borrowed funds, operating lease payments and future pension and post-retirement benefits. For further discussion related to these contractual obligations and other commitments, see Note 7 Leases, Note 9 Time Deposits, Note 10 Borrowed Funds, Note 11 Commitments and Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans. 
 Credit Ratings 
 PNC s credit ratings affect the cost and availability of short and long-term funding, collateral requirements for certain derivative instruments and the ability to offer certain products. 
 In general, rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the current legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. A decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely affect liquidity and financial condition. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 73 

The following table presents credit ratings for PNC and PNC Bank as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 32: Credit Ratings for PNC and PNC Bank 
 December 31, 2022 Moody s Standard Poor s Fitch PNC Senior debt A3 A- A Subordinated debt A3 BBB+ A- Preferred stock Baa2 BBB- BBB PNC Bank Senior debt A2 A A+ Subordinated debt A3 A- A Long-term deposits Aa3 A AA- Short-term deposits P-1 A-1 F1+ Short-term notes P-1 A-1 F1 
 
 Capital Management 
 We manage our funding and capital positions by making adjustments to our balance sheet size and composition, issuing or redeeming debt, issuing equity or other capital instruments, executing treasury stock transactions and capital redemptions or repurchases and managing dividend policies and retaining earnings. 
 
 On April 26, 2022, PNC issued 1,000,000 depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of 6.000 fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series U, with a par value of 1 per share. 
 
 On August 19, 2022, PNC issued 1,250,000 depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of 6.200 fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series V, with a par value of 1 per share. 
 
 On November 1, 2022, PNC redeemed all 15,000 shares of its Series P Preferred Stock, as well as all 60 million depositary shares each representing fractional interest in such shares. 
 
 In 2022, we returned 6.0 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends on common shares of 2.4 billion and repurchases of 21.2 million common shares for 3.6 billion. Consistent with the SCB framework, which allows for capital return in amounts in excess of the SCB minimum levels, our Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on April 4, 2019 of up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 49 were still available for repurchase at December 31, 2022. Under this framework, PNC expects quarterly repurchases of up to 500 million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. PNC s SCB for the four-quarter period beginning October 1, 2022 is 2.9 . 
 
 On January 4, 2023, the PNC Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of 1.50 per share. The dividend, with a payment date of February 5, 2023, was paid on the next business day. 
 
 See Note 25 Subsequent Events for details on PNC s issuance of 1.5 billion in Series W preferred stock. 
 
 See the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 Business in this Report for further information concerning the CCAR and DFAST process and the factors the Federal Reserve takes into consideration in its evaluation of capital plans. 
 
 74 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table 33: Basel III Capital 
 December 31, 2022 Dollars in millions Basel III (a) (Fully Implemented) (estimated) (b) Common equity Tier 1 capital Common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock (3,372) (3,372) Retained earnings 54,296 53,572 Goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities (10,758) (10,758) Other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities (380) (380) Other adjustments/(deductions) (101) (101) Common equity Tier 1 capital (c) 39,685 38,961 Additional Tier 1 capital Preferred stock plus related surplus 5,746 5,746 Tier 1 capital 45,431 44,707 Additional Tier 2 capital Qualifying subordinated debt 3,544 3,544 Eligible credit reserves includable in Tier 2 capital 4,465 5,180 Total Basel III capital 53,440 53,431 Risk-weighted assets Basel III standardized approach risk-weighted assets (d) 435,537 435,581 Average quarterly adjusted total assets 552,085 551,360 Supplementary leverage exposure (e) 653,776 653,775 Basel III risk-based capital and leverage ratios (f) Common equity Tier 1 9.1 8.9 Tier 1 10.4 10.3 Total 12.3 12.3 Leverage (g) 8.2 8.1 Supplementary leverage ratio (e) 6.9 6.8 
 (a) The ratios are calculated to reflect PNC s election to adopt the CECL five-year transition provisions. Effective for the first quarter 2022, PNC is now in the three-year transition period and the full impact of the CECL standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through December 31, 2024. 
 (b) The ratios are calculated to reflect the full impact of CECL and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition. 
 (c) As permitted, PNC and PNC Bank have elected to exclude AOCI related to both available for sale securities and pension and other post-retirement plans from CET1 capital. 
 (d) Basel III standardized approach weighted-assets are based on the Basel III standardized approach rules and include credit and market risk-weighted assets. 
 (e) The Supplementary leverage ratio is calculated based on Tier 1 capital divided by Supplementary leverage exposure, which takes into account the quarterly average of both on balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure under derivative contracts. 
 (f) All ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to PNC and calculated based on the standardized approach. 
 (g) Leverage ratio is calculated based on Tier 1 capital divided by Average quarterly adjusted total assets. 
 
 PNC s regulatory risk-based capital ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. Under the standardized approach for determining credit risk-weighted assets, exposures are generally assigned a pre-defined risk weight. Exposures to high volatility commercial real estate, nonaccruals, TDRs, past due exposures and equity exposures are generally subject to higher risk weights than other types of exposures. 
 
 The regulatory agencies have adopted a rule permitting certain banks, including PNC, to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from implementing CECL. CECL s estimated impact on CET1 capital, as defined by the rule, is the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25 of the change in CECL ACL at the balance sheet date, excluding the allowance for PCD loans, compared to CECL ACL at adoption. Effective for the first quarter of 2022, PNC is now in the three-year transition period, and the full impact of the CECL standard is being phased-in to regulatory capital through December 31, 2024. See additional discussion of this rule in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 Business and Item 1A Risk Factors . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, PNC and PNC Bank were considered well capitalized, based on applicable U.S. regulatory capital ratio requirements. To qualify as well capitalized , PNC must have Basel III capital ratios of at least 6 for Tier 1 risk-based capital and 10 for Total risk-based capital, and PNC Bank must have Basel III capital ratios of at least 6.5 for CET1 risk-based capital, 8 for Tier 1 risk-based capital, 10 for Total risk-based capital and a Leverage ratio of at least 5 . 
 
 Federal banking regulators have stated that they expect the largest U.S. BHCs, including PNC, to have a level of regulatory capital well in excess of the regulatory minimum and have required the largest U.S. BHCs, including PNC, to have a capital buffer sufficient to withstand losses and allow them to meet the credit needs of their customers through estimated stress scenarios. We seek to manage our capital consistent with these regulatory principles and believe that our December 31, 2022 capital levels were aligned with them. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 75 

We provide additional information regarding regulatory capital requirements and some of their potential impacts on us in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 Business, Item 1A Risk Factors and Note 20 Regulatory Matters. 
 Market Risk Management 
 Market risk is the risk of a loss in earnings or economic value due to adverse movements in market factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. We are exposed to market risk primarily by our involvement in the following activities, among others: 
 Traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans, 
 Fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange activities, as a result of customer activities, securities underwriting and our investment portfolio, and 
 Other investments, including equity and activities whose economic values are directly impacted by market factors. 
 
 We have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. Market Risk Management provides independent oversight by monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks in the business to management committees and, where appropriate, the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Market Risk Management Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk results primarily from our traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities and the level of our noninterest-bearing funding sources. Due to the repricing term mismatches and embedded options inherent in certain of these products, changes in market interest rates not only affect expected near-term earnings, but also the economic values of these assets and liabilities. 
 
 Our Asset and Liability Management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies, which are approved by management s Asset and Liability Committee and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Sensitivity results and market interest rate benchmarks for the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 follow: 
 Table 34: Interest Sensitivity Analysis 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Fourth Quarter 2021 Net Interest Income Sensitivity Simulation (a) Effect on net interest income in first year from gradual interest rate change over the following 12 months of: 100 basis point increase 1.2 3.7 100 basis point decrease (a) (1.4) N/A Effect on net interest income in second year from gradual interest rate change over the preceding 12 months of: 100 basis point increase 3.1 9.9 100 basis point decrease (a) (4) N/A 
 (a) Due to the prevailing low interest rate environment during the COVID-19 pandemic, the reporting of Net interest income sensitivities for the 100 basis point decrease scenario was suspended from the first quarter of 2020 to the first quarter of 2022. 
 In addition to measuring the effect on net interest income assuming parallel changes in current interest rates, we routinely simulate the effects of a number of nonparallel interest rate environments. Table 35 reflects the estimated percentage change in net interest income over the next two 12-month periods assuming (i) PNC s most likely rate forecast, (ii) implied market forward rates and (iii) a yield curve slope flattening (a 100 basis point yield curve slope flattening between one-month and ten-year rates superimposed on current base rates) scenario. 
 All changes in forecasted net interest income are relative to results in a base rate scenario where current market rates are assumed to remain unchanged over the forecast horizon. 
 
 Table 35: Net Interest Income Sensitivity to Alternative Rate Scenarios 
 December 31, 2022 PNC Economist Market Forward Slope Flattening First year sensitivity 0.1 2.0 (0.6) Second year sensitivity (2.5) (1.6) (2.6) 
 When forecasting net interest income, we make assumptions about interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, the volume and characteristics of new business and the behavior of existing on- and off-balance sheet positions. These assumptions determine the 
 76 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

future level of simulated net interest income in the base interest rate scenario and the other interest rate scenarios presented in Tables 34 and 35. These simulations assume that as assets and liabilities mature, they are replaced or repriced at then-current market rates. 

The following graph presents the SOFR curves for the base rate scenario and each of the alternate scenarios one year forward: 
 
 Table 36: Alternate Interest Rate Scenarios: One Year Forward 

The fourth quarter 2022 interest sensitivity analyses indicate that our Consolidated Balance Sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in interest rates and an upward sloping interest rate yield curve. We believe that we have the deposit funding base and balance sheet flexibility to adjust, where appropriate and permissible, to changing interest rates and market conditions. 
 
 LIBOR Transition 
 As discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors, the scheduled cessation of the requirement that banks submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after June 30, 2023, presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held, or serviced by PNC that use LIBOR as a reference rate. PNC holds instruments and services its instruments and instruments owned by others that may be impacted by the likely cessation of LIBOR, including loans, investments, hedging products, floating-rate obligations and other financial instruments that use LIBOR as a reference rate. The transition from LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark will subject PNC, like other financial participants, to financial, legal, operational and reputational risks. 
 
 In order to address LIBOR cessation and the associated risks, PNC has established a cross-functional governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from LIBOR and mitigate risks associated with the transition. 
 
 Key efforts to date have included: 
 Completion of LIBOR impact and risk assessments, 
 Enhancing fallback language in new contracts and reviewing existing legal contracts/agreements to assess fallback language impacts, 
 Preparing for internal operational readiness, 
 Making necessary enhancements to PNC s infrastructure, including systems, models, valuation tools and processes, 
 Developing and delivering on internal and external LIBOR cessation communication plans, 
 Engaging with PNC clients, industry working groups, and regulators, 
 Monitoring developments associated with LIBOR alternatives and industry practices related to LIBOR-indexed instruments, and 
 Providing periodic regulator updates to the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC examination staff regarding PNC s LIBOR cessation and transition plans. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, PNC Bank ceased entering into new contracts with a LIBOR reference rate, except on a limited basis, as permissible. PNC is offering conforming adjustable-rate mortgages using SOFR instead of USD LIBOR, in line with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac requirements, nonconforming adjustable-rate residential mortgages using SOFR and private education loans using Prime. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 77 

Alternative rates, primarily SOFR and BSBY, are currently offered to our corporate and commercial customers. The focus for 2022 was planning for the cessation event in 2023 for all lines of business. Corporate Institutional Banking continues its efforts of amending contracts with inadequate fallback language, working on systems enhancements, and continuing with client outreach and education. 
 
 The Federal Reserve adopted a final rule effective February 27, 2023 that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate LIBOR Act (the Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule helps ensure that LIBOR contracts adopting a benchmark rate selected by the Federal Reserve will not be interrupted or terminated following LIBOR s replacement. The final rule identifies replacement benchmark rates based on SOFR to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month LIBOR contracts subject to the Act. These contracts include U.S. contracts that do not mature before publication of LIBOR ends June 30, 2023, and that lack adequate fallback provisions that would replace LIBOR with a practicable replacement benchmark rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, PNC had approximately 60.6 billion in loans and securities and 332.9 billion notional value in derivatives tied to LIBOR that mature after June 30, 2023. PNC is actively working to address contracts without an alternative rate or sufficient fallbacks in advance of cessation; however, PNC does expect to leverage the LIBOR Act for its intended purpose, to address difficult exposures when necessary. We anticipate these exposures to be a small subset of our overall portfolio. 
 Market Risk Management Customer-Related Trading Risk 
 We engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers investing and hedging activities. These transactions, related hedges and the credit valuation adjustment related to our customer derivatives portfolio are marked-to-market daily and reported as customer-related trading activities. We do not engage in proprietary trading of these products. 
 We use VaR as the primary means to measure and monitor market risk in customer-related trading activities. VaR is used to estimate the probability of portfolio losses based on the statistical analysis of historical market risk factors. A diversified VaR reflects empirical correlations across different asset classes. We calculate a diversified VaR at a 95 confidence interval and the results for 2022 and 2021 were within our acceptable limits. 
 To help ensure the integrity of the models used to calculate VaR for each portfolio and enterprise-wide, we use a process known as backtesting. The backtesting process consists of comparing actual observations of gains or losses against the VaR levels that were calculated at the close of the prior day. Our VaR measure assumes that exposures remain constant and that recent market variability is a good predictor of future variability. Actual observations include customer-related revenue and intraday hedging, which helps to reduce losses and can reduce the number of instances actual losses exceed the prior day VaR measure. There were no instances during 2022 and 2021 under our diversified VaR measure where actual losses exceeded the prior-day VaR measure. Our portfolio and enterprise-wide VaR models utilize a historical approach with a 500-day look-back period. 
 
 Customer-related trading revenue was 382 million in 2022 compared with 372 million in 2021 and is recorded in Other noninterest income and Other interest income on our Consolidated Income Statement. The increase was primarily due to higher foreign exchange and derivative client sales revenues, partially offset by the impact of the changes in credit valuations for customer-related derivative activities. 
 Market Risk Management Equity And Other Investment Risk 
 Equity investment risk is the risk of potential losses associated with investing in both private and public equity markets. In addition to extending credit, taking deposits, underwriting securities and trading financial instruments, we make and manage direct investments in a variety of transactions, including management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings in a variety of industries. We also have investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds that make similar investments in private equity, consistent with regulatory limitations. The economic and/or book value of these investments and other assets are directly affected by changes in market factors. 
 
 Various PNC business units manage our equity and other investment activities. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. 

A summary of our equity investments follows: 
 Table 37: Equity Investments Summary 
 Dollars in millions December 31 2022 December 31 2021 Change Tax credit investments 4,308 3,954 354 9 Private equity and other 4,129 4,226 (97) (2) Total 8,437 8,180 257 3 

78 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Tax Credit Investments 
 Included in our equity investments are direct tax credit investments and tax credit equity investments held by consolidated entities. These tax credit investment balances included unfunded commitments totaling 2.5 billion and 2.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These unfunded commitments are included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Note 5 Loan Sale and Servicing Activities and Variable Interest Entities has further information on tax credit investments. 
 
 Private Equity and Other 
 The largest component of our other equity investments is our private equity portfolio. The private equity portfolio is an illiquid portfolio consisting of mezzanine and equity investments that vary by industry, stage and type of investment. Private equity investments carried at estimated fair value totaled 1.8 billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 1.6 billion was invested directly in a variety of companies, and 0.2 billion was invested indirectly through various private equity funds. See the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this Report for discussion of the Volcker Rule limitations on our interests in and relationships with private funds. 
 
 Included in our other equity investments are Visa Class B common shares, which are recorded at cost. Visa Class B common shares that we own are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into shares of the publicly-traded Class A common shares, which cannot happen until the resolution of the pending interchange litigation. Based upon the December 31, 2022 per share closing price of 207.76 for a Visa Class A common share, the estimated value of our total investment in the Class B common shares was approximately 1.2 billion at the current conversion rate of Visa B shares to Visa A shares, while our cost basis was insignificant. See Note 15 Fair Value and Note 21 Legal Proceedings for additional information regarding our Visa agreements. The estimated value does not represent fair value of the Visa B common shares given the shares limited transferability and the lack of observable transactions in the marketplace. 
 
 We also have certain other equity investments, the majority of which represent investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds with both traditional and alternative investment strategies. Net gains related to these investments were 45 million in 2022 and 50 million in 2021. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our assets and liabilities are primarily financial in nature and typically have varying maturity dates. Accordingly, future changes in 
 prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. However, during periods of inflation, 
 there may be a subsequent impact affecting certain fixed costs or expenses, an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power, 
 and fluctuations in the need or demand for our products and services. When significant levels of inflation occur, our business could 
 potentially be impacted by, among other things, reducing our tolerance for extending credit or causing us to incur additional credit 
 losses resulting from possible increased default rates. Throughout most of 2022, inflation continued to rise but started to slow toward the end of the year. The Federal Reserve monetary policy has tightened with the intent to slow inflation, which has led to larger increases in interest rates. See Risk Factors in Item 1A, our Executive Summary and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking statements in this Item 7 for further discussion of inflation and its overall impact to the economy, our borrowers ability to repay their obligations and certain costs and expenses to PNC. 
 
 Financial Derivatives 
 We use a variety of financial derivatives as part of the overall asset and liability risk management process to help manage exposure to market (primarily interest rate) and credit risk inherent in our business activities. We also enter into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities. 
 
 Financial derivatives involve, to varying degrees, market and credit risk. Derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional amount and an underlying as specified in the contract. Therefore, cash requirements and exposure to credit risk are significantly less than the notional amount on these instruments. 
 
 Further information on our financial derivatives is presented in Note 1 Accounting Policies, Note 15 Fair Value and Note 16 Financial Derivatives. 
 
 Not all elements of market and credit risk are addressed through the use of financial derivatives, and such instruments may be ineffective for their intended purposes due to unanticipated market changes, among other reasons. 

Operational Risk Management 
 
 Operational risk is the risk to the current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct or adverse external events. Operational risk is inherent to the entire organization. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 79 

Operational risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes through a systematic approach whereby operational risks and exposures are: (i) identified and assessed; (ii) managed through the design and implementation of controls; (iii) measured and evaluated against our risk tolerance limits; and (iv) appropriately reported to management and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. Strong operational risk management and well-informed risk-based decisions benefit us by improving the customer experience, enhancing compliance, reducing reputational risk, minimizing losses and establishing an appropriate amount of required operational risk capital held by us. 
 The Operational Risk Management Framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. The primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our Risk Appetite. Additionally, the guidance established within the framework assists management in making well-informed risk-based business decisions. 
 The framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains. These domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation. 
 The operational risk domains are: 
 Operations: Risk resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, misconduct or errors of people or fraud. 
 Compliance: Risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards or other regulatory requirements. 
 Data Management: Risk associated with incomplete or inaccurate data. 
 Model: Risk associated with the design, implementation and ongoing use and management of models. 
 Technology and Systems: Risk associated with the use, operation and adoption of technology. 
 Information Security: Risk resulting from the failure to protect information and ensure appropriate access to, and use and handling of, information assets. 
 Business Continuity: Risk of potential disruptive events to business activities. 
 Third Party: Risk arising from failure of third-party providers to conduct activity in a safe and sound manner and in compliance with contract provisions and applicable laws and regulations. 
 We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including Risk and Control Self-Assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event reviews and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Program tools and methodology assist our business managers in identifying potential risks and control gaps. 
 
 Lines of business are responsible for identifying, owning, managing and monitoring the operational risks and controls associated with their business activities and product or service offerings to within acceptable levels. Centralized functions, such as Business Continuity, Enterprise Third Party Management and Information Security, are responsible for the development, implementation and management of their individual programs and for the development and maintenance of the policies, procedures, methodologies, tools and technology utilized across the enterprise to identify, assess, monitor and report program risks. Additionally, independent risk management reviews and challenges line of business adherence to the framework to help ensure proper controls are in place and appropriate risk mitigation plans are established as necessary. 
 
 Conduct, Reputational and Strategic Risk 
 PNC s risk culture seeks to reinforce the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior through sound processes and controls. In order to promote a robust risk culture, the Board and executive management establish code of conduct and professional standards to which all employees must adhere. A strong risk culture discourages misconduct and supports conduct risk management at PNC. Conduct risk is defined as the risk that employees fail to comply with the ethical standards expected of them. Strong conduct risk management is important in supporting PNC s reputation, and PNC maintains a corporate culture that emphasizes complying with laws, regulations, and managing reputational risks. Reputational risk is the risk to the franchise and/or shareholder value based on a negative perception of PNC by its stakeholders and/or the changing expectations of its stakeholders. Strategic risk is another component of the ERM Framework that is also critical to optimizing shareholder returns. Strategic risk is the risk to earnings that may arise from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and/or inadequate response to changes in the business environment. Strategic risk is considered and assessed by our businesses in the annual strategic planning processes and monitored on an on-going basis as those plans are carried out. 
 
 Compliance Risk 
 Enterprise Compliance is responsible for oversight of compliance risk for the organization. Compliance issues are identified and tracked through enterprise-wide monitoring and testing activities. Compliance risk issues are escalated through a comprehensive risk reporting process at both a business and enterprise level and incorporated, as appropriate, into the development and assessment of our operational risk profile. A management committee, chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer, is responsible for oversight of compliance and fiduciary risk management programs across PNC. Enterprise Compliance, through the Regulatory Change Program, 
 80 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

helps PNC understand and proactively address emerging regulatory topics and risks as well as respond to changes in applicable laws and regulations. To understand emerging issues impacting the industry, Enterprise Compliance communicates regularly with various regulators having supervisory or regulatory responsibilities with respect to us, our subsidiaries, or businesses and participates in forums focused on regulatory and compliance matters in the financial services industry. 
 
 Information Security Risk 
 The Information Security component of our Operational Risk Management Framework is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cybersecurity. PNC s cybersecurity program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability to help ensure resilience against information security incidents. The program includes, among other things, annual security and privacy training for all PNC employees and quarterly phishing exercises to raise employee awareness. Our security program is also regularly examined by federal regulators for compliance with financial regulations and standards. The program also establishes expectations for information asset management, system development security, identity and access management, incident management, threat and vulnerability management, security operations management and third- and fourth-party security. 
 
 C RITICAL A CCOUNTING E STIMATES AND J UDGMENTS 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying certain accounting policies. Note 1 Accounting Policies describes the most significant accounting policies that we use. Certain of these policies require us to make estimates or economic assumptions that may vary under different assumptions or conditions, and such variations may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain the ACL at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, other financial assets and unfunded lending related commitments, for the remaining contractual term of the assets or exposures, taking into consideration expected prepayments and estimated recoveries. Our determination of the ACL is based on historical loss and performance experience, as well as current borrower and transaction characteristics including collateral type and quality, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. We use methods sensitive to changes in economic conditions to interpret these factors and to estimate expected credit losses. We evaluate and, when appropriate, enhance the quality of our data and models and other methods used to estimate ACL on an ongoing basis. We incorporate qualitative factors in the ACL that reflect our best estimate of expected losses that may not be adequately represented in our quantitative methods or economic assumptions. The major drivers of ACL estimates include, but are not limited to: 
 Current economic conditions: Our forecast of expected losses depends on economic conditions as of the estimation date. As current economic conditions evolve, forecasted losses could be materially affected. 
 Scenario weights and design: Our loss estimates are sensitive to the shape, direction and rate of change of macroeconomic forecasts and thus vary significantly between upside and downside scenarios. Change to probability weights assigned to these scenarios and timing of peak business cycles reflected by the scenarios could materially affect our loss estimates. 
 Current borrower quality: Our forecast of expected losses depends on current borrower and transaction characteristics, including credit metrics and collateral type/quality. As borrower quality evolves, forecasted losses could be materially affected. 
 Portfolio volume and mix: Changes to portfolio volume and mix could materially affect our estimates, as CECL reserves 
 would be recognized upon origination or acquisition and derecognized upon paydown, maturity or sale. 
 
 For all assets and unfunded lending related commitments within the scope of the CECL standard, the applicable ACL is composed of one or a combination of the following components: (i) collectively assessed or pooled reserves, (ii) individually assessed reserves, and 
 (iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. Our methodologies and key assumptions for each of these components are discussed in Note 1 Accounting Policies. 
 
 Reasonable and Supportable Economic Forecast 
 Under the CECL standard, we are required to consider reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses. For this purpose, we have established a framework that includes a three-year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios with associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes. Credit losses estimated in our reasonable and supportable forecast period are sensitive to the shape and severity of the scenarios used and weights assigned to them. 
 
 To generate the four economic forecast scenarios we use a combination of quantitative macroeconomic models, other measures of economic activity and forward-looking expert judgment to forecast the distribution of economic outcomes over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. Each scenario is then given an associated probability (weight) in order to represent our current expectation within that distribution over the forecast period. This process is informed by current economic conditions, expected business cycle 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 81 

evolution and the expert judgment of PNC s RAC. This approach seeks to provide a reasonable representation of the forecast of expected economic outcomes and is used to estimate expected credit losses across a variety of loans and securities. Each quarter the scenarios are presented to RAC for approval, and the committee determines and approves CECL scenarios weights for use for the current reporting period. 
 
 The scenarios used for the period ended December 31, 2022 reflect an increase in downside risk compared to December 31, 2021. The current outlook considers the inflationary pressures that have broadened and intensified since the start of 2022, along with the fact that the FOMC raised interest rates more aggressively than what was expected at December 31, 2021, increasing the risk of a broader-ranged economic slowdown. Our most-likely expectation at December 31, 2022 is that the U.S. economy enters a mild recession in 2023. 

We used a number of economic variables in our scenarios, with two of the most significant drivers being Real GDP and the U.S. unemployment rate. The following table presents a comparison of these two economic variables based on the weighted-average scenario forecasts used in determining our ACL at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 38: Key Macroeconomic Variables in CECL Weighted-Average Scenarios 
 Assumptions as of December 31, 2022 2023 2024 2025 U.S. Real GDP (a) (0.4) 1.4 1.9 U.S. Unemployment Rate (b) 4.9 4.9 4.4 Assumptions as of December 31, 2021 2022 2023 2024 U.S. Real GDP (a) 2.8 1.4 1.3 U.S. Unemployment Rate (c) 4.4 4.1 3.9 
 (a) Represents year-over-year growth (loss) rates. 
 (b) Represents the average forecasted unemployment rate for the fourth quarters of 2023, 2024 and 2025 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Represents the average forecasted unemployment rate for the fourth quarters of 2022, 2023 and 2024 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Real GDP growth is expected to decline 0.4 in 2023 on a weighted average basis, driven primarily by our most likely scenario that the U.S. economy enters a mild recession during the year. Growth rises to 1.4 in 2024, before growing to 1.9 in 2025. In line with the slowing in overall economic activity, the weighted average unemployment rate is expected to increase throughout 2023, peaking at 5.1 during the first half of 2024 and gradually improving to 4.4 by the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 
 The current state of the economy reflects an environment with receding COVID-19 related risks, but heightened uncertainty remains due to structural and secular changes fostered by the pandemic for certain sectors of the economy combined with inflation, rising interest rates and ongoing supply chain pressures. As such, for both our commercial and consumer loan portfolios, PNC identified and performed significant analysis around segments impacted by such uncertainties to ensure our reserves are adequate, given our current macroeconomic expectations. 
 
 We believe the economic scenarios effectively reflect the distribution of potential economic outcomes. Additionally, through in-depth and granular analysis we have addressed reserve requirements for the specific populations most affected in the current environment. Through this approach, we believe the reserve levels appropriately reflect the expected credit losses in the portfolio as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 To provide additional context regarding the sensitivity of the ACL to a more pessimistic forecast of expected economic outcomes, we considered what our ACL would be when applying a 100 probability weighting to the most severe downside CECL scenario. This severe downside scenario estimated that Real GDP contracted in 2023 ending the year down 2.5 compared to 2022 levels, with growth picking up again by the end of 2024. The unemployment rate in this scenario increased to end 2023 at 6.3 , then sees a peak rate of 7.3 in the second half of 2024, before gradually improving to 6.4 by the end of 2025. Excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in our ACL of 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022. This scenario does not reflect our current expectation at December 31, 2022, nor does it capture all the potential unknown variables that could arise in the forecast period, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. The CECL methodology inherently requires a high degree of judgment, and as a result, it is possible that we may, at another point in time, reach different conclusions regarding our credit loss estimates. 
 
 Residential and Commercial Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 We elect to measure our MSRs at fair value. This election was made to be consistent with our risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. The fair value of our MSRs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model that 
 82 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors which are determined based on current market conditions. 
 We employ risk management strategies designed to protect the value of MSRs from changes in interest rates and related market factors. The values of the MSRs are economically hedged with securities and derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, options, and forward mortgage-backed and futures contracts. As interest rates change, these financial instruments are expected to have changes in fair value negatively correlated to the change in fair value of the hedged MSR portfolios. The hedge relationships are actively managed in response to changing market conditions over the life of the MSRs. Selecting appropriate financial instruments to economically hedge residential or commercial MSRs requires significant management judgment to assess how mortgage rates and prepayment speeds could affect the future values of MSRs. Hedging results can frequently be less predictable in the short term, but over longer periods of time, they are expected to protect the economic value of the MSRs. 
 For information on how each estimate has changed and a sensitivity analysis of the hypothetical effect of the fair value of MSRs to immediate adverse changes in key assumptions, see Note 6 Goodwill and Mortgage Servicing Rights. For additional information on our residential and commercial MSRs, see Note 1 Accounting Policies, Note 6 Goodwill and Mortgage Servicing Rights and Note 15 Fair Value. 
 Fair Value Measurements - Level 3 
 We must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. When observable price and third-party information is not available, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these valuation techniques could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We apply ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements . This guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This guidance requires a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable. Level 3 assets and liabilities are those where the fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs. While estimating potential sensitivities around fair value measurements is inherently challenging, we provide a summary of the key unobservable inputs in Note 15 Fair Value. 
 
 For additional information on Level 3 fair value measurements, see Note 15 Fair Value. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Accounting Policies regarding the impact of new accounting pronouncements that we have adopted. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 83 

C AUTIONARY S TATEMENT R EGARDING F ORWARD -L OOKING I NFORMATION 
 
 We make statements in this Report, and we may from time to time make other statements, regarding our outlook for financial performance, such as earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations, including our sustainability strategy, that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as believe, plan, expect, anticipate, see, look, intend, outlook, project, forecast, estimate, goal, will, should and other similar words and expressions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements are subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties. 
 Our businesses, financial results and balance sheet values are affected by business and economic conditions, including: 
 Changes in interest rates and valuations in debt, equity and other financial markets, 
 Disruptions in the U.S. and global financial markets, 
 Actions by the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply, market interest rates and inflation, 
 Changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or legislative or regulatory initiatives, 
 Changes in customers , suppliers and other counterparties performance and creditworthiness, 
 Impacts of tariffs and other trade policies of the U.S. and its global trading partners, 
 The impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and associated sanctions or other actions in response, on the global and U.S. economy, 
 The length and extent of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including those arising from actions taken to mitigate and manage it, 
 Impacts of changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, taxes, infrastructure spending and social programs, 
 PNC s ability to attract, recruit and retain skilled employees, and 
 Commodity price volatility. 
 Our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be 
 substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory 
 contingencies. These statements are based on our views that: 
 The economy continues to expand in early 2023, but economic growth is slowing in response to the ongoing Federal Reserve monetary policy tightening to slow inflation. This has led to large increases in both short-and long-term interest rates. With much higher mortgage rates the housing market is already in contraction, with steep drops in existing home sales and single-family housing starts, and a modest decline in house prices. Other sectors where interest rates play an outsized role, such as business investment and consumer spending on durable goods, will contract in 2023. 
 PNC s baseline outlook is for a recession starting in the second half of 2023, with real GDP contracting a modest 1 before recovery starts in early 2024 as the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates in response to a deteriorating labor market and slower inflation. The unemployment rate will increase throughout 2023, peaking at above 5 in the first half of 2024. Inflation will slow with the recession and be back to the Federal Reserve s 2 long-term objective by early 2024. 
 PNC expects the FOMC to increase the federal funds rate by an additional 25 basis points in March. This would bring the federal funds rate to a range of 4.75 to 5.00 by mid-March. PNC expects a federal funds rate cut of 25 basis points in early 2024 as inflation moves toward the FOMC s 2 long-term objective. 
 PNC s ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to PNC meeting or exceeding an SCB established by the Federal Reserve Board in connection with the Federal Reserve Board s CCAR process. 
 PNC s regulatory capital ratios in the future will depend on, among other things, the company s financial performance, the scope and terms of final capital regulations then in effect and management actions affecting the composition of PNC s balance sheet. In addition, PNC s ability to determine, evaluate and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions (such as capital distributions) based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation and regulatory review of related models and the reliability of and risks resulting from extensive use of such models. 
 Legal and regulatory developments could have an impact on our ability to operate our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, reputation or pursuit of attractive acquisition opportunities. Reputational impacts could 
 84 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

affect matters such as business generation and retention, liquidity, funding, and ability to attract and retain management. These developments could include: 
 Changes to laws and regulations, including changes affecting oversight of the financial services industry, consumer protection, bank capital and liquidity standards, pension, bankruptcy and other industry aspects, and changes in accounting and reporting standards. 
 Unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings or other claims and regulatory and other governmental investigations or other inquiries resulting in monetary losses, costs, or alterations in our business practices, and potentially causing reputational harm to PNC. 
 Results of the regulatory examination and supervision process, including our failure to satisfy requirements of agreements with governmental agencies. 
 Costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of adequacy of our intellectual property protection in general. 
 Business and operating results are affected by our ability to identify and effectively manage risks inherent in our businesses, including, where appropriate, through effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives and capital management techniques, and to meet evolving regulatory capital and liquidity standards. 
 Our reputation and business and operating results may be affected by our ability to appropriately meet or address environmental, social or governance targets, goals, commitments or concerns that may arise. 
 W e grow our business in part through acquisitions and new strategic initiatives. Risks and uncertainties include those presented by the nature of the business acquired and strategic initiative, including in some cases those associated with our entry into new businesses or new geographic or other markets and risks resulting from our inexperience in those new areas, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition transactions themselves, regulatory issues, and the integration of the acquired businesses into PNC after closing or any failure to execute strategic or operational plans. 
 Competition can have an impact on customer acquisition, growth and retention and on credit spreads and product pricing, which can affect market share, deposits and revenues. Our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes can also impact our ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands. 
 Business and operating results can also be affected by widespread natural and other disasters (including severe weather events), health emergencies, dislocations, geopolitical instabilities or events, terrorist activities, system failures or disruptions, security breaches, cyberattacks, international hostilities, or other extraordinary events beyond PNC s control through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties, customers or third-party vendors and service providers specifically. 
 
 We provide greater detail regarding these as well as other factors in this Report, including in Item 1A Risk Factors, the Risk Management section of Item 7 and Note 21 Legal Proceedings. Our forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed elsewhere in this Report or in our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 This information is set forth in the Risk Management section of Item 7 and in Note 1 Accounting Policies, Note 15 Fair Value and Note 16 Financial Derivatives in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 86 
 Consolidated Income Statement 
 88 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 89 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 90 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 91 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 92 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 94 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 85 

R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for the allowance for credit losses in 2020. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

86 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loans and Lease Losses Commercial Loans 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loans and lease losses was approximately 4,741 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 3,114 million relates to commercial loans. For commercial loans, the determination of the allowance is based on historical loss experience, current borrower risk characteristics, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable economic forecasts and other relevant factors. As disclosed by management, the Company considers reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses and has established a framework which includes the use of four economic scenarios with associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. To generate the four economic forecast scenarios, the Company uses a combination of quantitative macroeconomic models, other measures of economic activity and forward-looking judgment to forecast the distribution of economic outcomes. Management used a number of economic variables in the scenarios, which are inputs into the loss forecasting models, with the most significant drivers being Real GDP and U.S. unemployment rate. Also included in the allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Company s assessment, may not be adequately represented in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. For example, qualitative factors may include industry concentration and conditions, changes in market conditions, changes in the nature and volume of the Company s portfolio, recent credit quality trends, recent loss experience in particular portfolios, recent macroeconomic factors, limitations of available input data, model imprecision, changes in lending policies, and other factors. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in developing economic forecast scenarios of Real GDP and U.S. unemployment rate, determining weighting of each scenario, and estimating qualitative reserves, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence related to management s significant judgements and estimations and (ii) the audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans, including controls over the development and approval of economic forecast scenarios, related weightings, and qualitative reserves. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness and methodology of certain loss forecasting models, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of certain borrower risk characteristics, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of certain forecasted economic variables, including Real GDP and U.S. unemployment rate, (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s weighting of economic forecast scenarios used in the loss forecast models, (v) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the estimate, and (vi) evaluating certain qualitative reserves made to the model output results to determine the overall allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans. The procedures also included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating certain models, model inputs, economic forecasts, and qualitative reserves in the allowance for commercial loans. 

/s/ 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 87 

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 
 Year ended December 31 In millions, except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income Loans Investment securities Other Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits Borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Noninterest Income Asset management and brokerage Capital markets and advisory Card and cash management Lending and deposit services Residential and commercial mortgage Other Total noninterest income Total revenue Provision For (Recapture of) Credit Losses ) Noninterest Expense Personnel Occupancy Equipment Marketing Other Total noninterest expense Income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interests Income taxes from continuing operations Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations before taxes Income taxes from discontinued operations Net income from discontinued operations Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Preferred stock dividends Preferred stock discount accretion and redemptions Net income attributable to common shareholders Earnings Per Common Share Basic earnings from continuing operations Basic earnings from discontinued operations Total basic earnings Diluted earnings from continuing operations Diluted earnings from discontinued operations Total diluted earnings Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 88 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 
 Year ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net income from continuing operations Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax and net of reclassifications into Net income Net change in debt securities ) ) Net change in cash flow hedge derivatives ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plan adjustments ) Net change in Other ) Other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations, before tax and net of reclassifications into Net income ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations related to items of other comprehensive income ) Other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations, after tax and net of reclassifications into Net income ) ) Net income from discontinued operations Other comprehensive income from discontinued operations, before tax and net of reclassifications into Net income Income tax expense from discontinued operations related to items of other comprehensive income ) Other comprehensive income from discontinued operations, after tax and net of reclassifications into Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax and net of reclassifications into Net income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to PNC ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 89 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 December 31 December 31 In millions, except par value 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Loans held for sale (a) Investment securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity Loans (a) Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Net loans Equity investments Mortgage servicing rights Goodwill Other (a) Total assets Liabilities Deposits Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Borrowed funds Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Senior debt Subordinated debt Other (b) Total borrowed funds Allowance for unfunded lending related commitments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Preferred stock (c) Common stock par value, Authorized shares, issued shares) 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Common stock held in treasury at cost: and shares 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (a) billion, Loans of billion and Other assets of 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and Loans held for sale of billion, Loans of billion and Other assets of billion at December 31, 2021. 
 (b) billion and Other liabilities of billion at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were less than billion and . 
 (c) million at each date. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 90 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 

Shareholders Equity In millions Shares Outstanding Common Stock Common Stock Capital Surplus - Preferred Stock Capital Surplus - Common Stock and Other Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 (a) ) Cumulative effect of ASU adoptions (b) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020 (a) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared - Common ) ) Cash dividends declared - Preferred ) ) Preferred stock discount accretion ) Common stock activity (c) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption (d) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 (a) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared - Common ) ) Cash dividends declared - Preferred ) ) Preferred stock discount accretion ) Preferred stock issuance (e) Common stock activity (c) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (a) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared - Common ) ) Cash dividends declared - Preferred ) ) Preferred stock discount accretion ) Preferred stock issuance (f) (g) Common stock activity (c) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption (h) ) ) Other ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (a) ) ) 
 (a) million at each date and, therefore, is excluded from this presentation. 
 (b) 
 (c) million shares issued. 
 (d) shares of its Series Q preferred stock, as well as all million depositary shares representing a fractional interest in such shares . 
 (e) depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series T, with a par value of per share. 
 (f) depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series U, with a par value of per share. 
 (g) depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series V, with a par value of per share. 
 (h) shares of its Series P preferred stock, as well as all million depositary shares each representing a fractional interest in such shares. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 91 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 
 Year ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided (used) by operating activities Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) Depreciation, amortization and accretion Deferred income taxes (benefit) ) Net losses (gains) on sales of securities ) ) Changes in fair value of mortgage servicing rights ) Gain on sale of BlackRock ) Undistributed earnings of BlackRock ) Net change in Trading securities and other short-term investments Loans held for sale and related securitization activity ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Other ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Investing Activities Sales Securities available for sale Net proceeds from sale of BlackRock Loans Repayments/maturities Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity Purchases Securities available for sale ) ) ) Securities held to maturity ) ) ) Loans ) ) ) Net change in Federal funds sold and resale agreements ) ) Interest-earning deposits with banks ) Loans ) ) Net cash paid for acquisition ) Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) ) 

92 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 
 
 (Continued from previous page) Year ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Financing Activities Net change in Noninterest-bearing deposits ) Interest-bearing deposits ) Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements ) ) ) Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) Other borrowed funds Sales/issuances Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Senior debt Subordinated debt Other borrowed funds Preferred stock Common and treasury stock Repayments/maturities Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) Senior debt ) ) ) Subordinated debt ) Other borrowed funds ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Preferred stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash And Due From Banks And Restricted Cash ) Net Cash Provided By Discontinued Operations Net Cash Provided (Used) By Continuing Operations ) ) Cash and due from banks and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and due from banks and restricted cash at end of period Cash And Due From Banks And Restricted Cash Cash and due from banks at end of period (unrestricted cash) Restricted cash Cash and due from banks and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosures Interest paid Income taxes paid Income taxes refunded Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Non-cash Investing And Financing Items Transfer from securities available for sale to securities held to maturity (a) Transfer from trading securities to investment securities Transfer from loans to loans held for sale, net Transfer from loans to foreclosed assets 
 (a) billion includes the aggregate fair value of the securities of billion and aggregate net pretax unrealized losses of billion included in AOCI at transfer. See Note 3 Investment Securities for more detailed information on the transfers. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 93 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 T HE PNC F INANCIAL S ERVICES G ROUP , I NC . 
 
 See the Glossary on page 194 for additional information on certain terms and acronyms used throughout the Financial Statements and related Notes. 
 
 countries outside the U.S. 
 
 N OTE 1 
 
 94 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

See Note 24 Fee-based Revenue from Contracts with Customers for additional details related to these revenue streams within the scope of ASC 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 95 

96 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 97 

days past due. Most consumer loans and lines of credit, not secured by automobiles or residential real estate, are charged-off once they have reached - days past due. 
 
 For secured collateral dependent loans, collateral values are updated at least annually and subsequent declines in collateral values are charged-off resulting in incremental provision for credit loss. Subsequent increases in collateral values may be reflected as an adjustment to the ALLL to reflect the expectation of recoveries in an amount greater than previously expected, limited to amounts previously charged-off. 
 98 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 99 

100 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 101 

102 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 103 

104 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Leases 

years, and depreciate buildings over an estimated useful life of up to years. We amortize leasehold improvements over their estimated useful lives of up to years or the respective lease terms, whichever is shorter. 
 We purchase, as well as internally develop and customize, certain software to enhance or perform internal business functions. Software development costs incurred in the planning and post-development project stages are charged to Noninterest expense. Costs associated with designing software configuration and interfaces, installation, coding programs and testing systems are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging from one to years. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 105 

106 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 107 

108 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 109 

110 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 2 
 
 billion in cash. PNC did not acquire the following entities as part of the acquisition: BBVA Securities, Inc., Propel Venture Partners Fund I, L.P. and BBVA Processing Services, Inc. This transaction has been accounted for as a business combination. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities from BBVA were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change. Fair value estimates related to the assets and liabilities from BBVA were subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information became available. Valuations subject to adjustment included, but were not limited to, loans, certain deposits, certain other assets, customer relationships and the core deposit intangibles. 
 On October 12, 2021, PNC converted approximately million customers, employees and over branches across states, merging BBVA USA into PNC Bank. 
 PNC incurred merger and integration costs of million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the transaction. These costs are recorded as contra-revenue and expense on the Consolidated Income Statement. The integration expenses are primarily related to retail services and realty expenses. Cumulative integration costs, excluding write-offs for capitalized items, were million. Integration costs associated with write-offs for capitalized items were million. 
 The following table includes the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities from BBVA: 
 
 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Loans held for sale Investment securities available for sale Net loans Equity investments Mortgage servicing rights Core deposit intangibles and other intangible assets Other Total assets Liabilities Deposits Borrowed funds Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Noncontrolling interests Less: Net assets Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill of billion recorded in connection with the transaction resulted from the reputation, operating model and expertise of BBVA. The amount of goodwill recorded reflected the increased market share and related synergies that resulted from the acquisition, and represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets from BBVA. The goodwill was allocated to each of our business segments and is not deductible for income tax purposes. See Note 6 Goodwill and Mortgage Servicing Rights for additional information on the allocation of goodwill to the segments. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 111 

Commercial real estate Equipment lease financing Total commercial Consumer Residential real estate Home equity Automobile Credit card Other consumer Total consumer Total 

(a) Core deposits Accelerated Other Straight-line Total core deposits and other 
 (a) Intangible asset accounted for at fair value. 
 
 The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities. 
 
 Cash and Due from Banks and Interest-earning Deposits with Banks 
 The carrying amount of these assets is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 Residential mortgage loans are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prices for other traded mortgage loans with 
 similar characteristics, and purchase commitments and bid information received from market participants. The prices are adjusted as 
 necessary to include the embedded servicing value in the loans and to take into consideration the specific characteristics of certain similar loans. 
 
 Personal installment loans are pooled based on delinquency status, and fair value of individual loans is calculated based on traded 
 consumer unsecured loans, dealer research and loan level performance characteristics. 
 
 Available For Sale Securities 
 All investment securities from the BBVA acquisition were classified within the available for sale portfolio at acquisition. Fair value 
 estimates for available for sale securities were determined by third-party pricing vendors. The third-party vendors use a variety of 
 methods when pricing securities that incorporate relevant market data to arrive at an estimate of what a buyer in the marketplace 
 would pay for a security under current market conditions. These methods include the use of quoted prices for the identical or a similar 
 security, an alternative market-based approach or an income approach, such as a discounted cash flow pricing model. 
 
 Loans 
 Fair value for loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered credit loss and prepayment expectations, market interest rates and other market factors, such as liquidity, from the perspective of a market participant. Loan cash flows were generated on an individual loan basis. The PD, LGD, exposure at default and prepayment assumptions are the key factors driving credit losses which are embedded into the estimated cash flows. 
 
 112 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

years using an accelerated amortization methodology. 
 
 Deposits 
 The fair values for time deposits were estimated by discounting contractual cash flows using current market rates for instruments with 
 similar maturities. For deposits with no defined maturity, carrying values approximate fair values. 
 
 Borrowed Funds 
 The fair values of long-term debt instruments were estimated based on quoted market prices. 

Noninterest income Net income 

million that were incurred for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 are included in the pro forma results. PNC s financial results include the billion divestiture of BlackRock recorded in net income for the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, BBVA s financial results through the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 included a billion goodwill impairment charge recorded in noninterest expense. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results that would have occurred had PNC acquired BBVA on January 1, 2020. 
 Noninterest income Net income 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 113 

billion was established through an adjustment to the BBVA loan balance and related purchase accounting mark. Non-PCD loans and PCD loans had a fair value of billion and billion at the acquisition date and unpaid principal balance of billion and billion, respectively. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, there was no carryover of the ACL that had been previously recorded by BBVA. Subsequent to acquisition, PNC recorded an ACL on non-PCD loans of billion through an increase to the provision for credit losses. 
 
 ACL at acquisition ) Non-credit premium Purchase price 

million shares of BlackRock, Inc., common and preferred stock through a registered secondary offering at a price of per share. In addition, BlackRock repurchased million shares from PNC at a price of per share. The total proceeds from the sale were billion in cash, net of billion in expenses, and resulted in a gain on sale of billion. Additionally, PNC contributed BlackRock shares to the PNC Foundation. 
 
 Following the sale and donation, PNC has divested its entire investment in BlackRock and only holds shares of BlackRock stock in a fiduciary capacity for clients of PNC. 

Total revenue Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Income taxes Net income from discontinued operations 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 
 
 114 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 3 

) ) Residential mortgage-backed Agency ) ) Non-agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed Agency ) ) Non-agency ) ) Asset-backed ) ) Other ) ) Total securities available for sale ) ) Securities Held to Maturity U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Residential mortgage-backed Agency ) Non-agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed Agency ) Non-agency ) Asset-backed ) Other ) ) Total securities held to maturity (d) ) ) 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, the accrued interest associated with our held to maturity and available for sale portfolios totaled million and million, respectively. The comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) Credit ratings represent a primary credit quality indicator used to monitor and manage credit risk. Of our total securities portfolio, and were rated AAA/AA as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Amortized cost is presented net of allowance of million and is primarily related to non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities for securities available for sale and million for securities held to maturity at December 31, 2022. The comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 billion, at December 31, 2022, related to securities transferred, which are offset in AOCI, net of tax. 
 
 The fair value of investment securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility and liquidity conditions. Securities available for sale are carried at fair value with net unrealized gains and losses included in Total shareholders equity as AOCI, unless credit related. Net unrealized gains and losses are determined by taking the difference between the fair value of a security and its amortized cost, net of any allowance. Securities held to maturity are carried at amortized cost less any allowance. Investment securities at December 31, 2022 included billion of net unsettled purchases which represent non-cash investing activity, and accordingly, are not reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The comparable amount for December 31, 2021 was billion. 
 
 During 2022, we transferred securities with a fair value of billion from available for sale to held to maturity. The securities transferred included billion of U.S. Treasury and government agency securities, billion of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, billion of asset-backed securities and billion of various other security types. The securities were reclassified at fair value at the time of the transfer and the transfers represented non-cash transactions. AOCI at December 31, 2022 included pretax unrealized losses of billion related to the transfers. These unrealized losses will be amortized, consistent with the amortization of the discount on these securities, over the remaining life as an adjustment of yield, resulting in no impact to net interest income or net income. 
 
 We maintain the allowance for investment securities at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb 
 expected credit losses on our portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for investment securities was million and 
 primarily related to non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities in the available for sale portfolio. The comparable amount at December 31, 2021 was million. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for a discussion of the methodologies used to determine the allowance for investment securities. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 115 

million from derivatives that hedged the purchase of investment securities classified as held to maturity. The losses will be accreted to interest income as an adjustment of yield on the securities. 
 
 Table 48 presents the gross unrealized losses and fair value of securities available for sale that do not have an associated allowance for investment securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. These securities are segregated between investments that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months and twelve months or more, based on the point in time that the fair value declined below the amortized cost basis. All securities included in the table have been evaluated to determine if a credit loss exists. As part of that assessment, as of December 31, 2022, we concluded that we do not intend to sell and believe we will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. 
 ) ) Residential mortgage-backed Agency ) ) ) Non-agency ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed Agency ) ) ) Non-agency ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) Other ) ) ) Total securities available for sale ) ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) ) Residential mortgage-backed Agency ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed Agency ) ) ) Non-agency ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Other ) ) Total securities available for sale ) ) ) 

) ) ) 2021 ) 2020 ) 

116 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Residential mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Commercial mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Asset-backed Other Total securities available for sale at amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield, GAAP basis (a) Securities Held to Maturity U.S. Treasury and government agencies Residential mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Commercial mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Asset-backed Other Total securities held to maturity at amortized cost Fair value Weighted-average yield, GAAP basis (a) 
 (a) Weighted-average yields are based on amortized cost with effective yields weighted for the contractual maturity of each security. Actual maturities and yields may differ as certain securities may be prepaid. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were no securities of a single issuer, other than FNMA and FHLMC, that exceeded 10 of total shareholders equity. The FNMA and FHLMC investments had a total amortized cost of billion and billion and fair value of billion and billion, respectively. 

Accepted from others: Permitted by contract or custom to sell or repledge Permitted amount repledged to others 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 117 

N OTE 4 
 
 portfolio segments Commercial and Consumer. Each of these segments comprises multiple loan classes. Classes are characterized by similarities in risk attributes and the manner in which we monitor and assess credit risk. 
 
 See Note 1 Accounting Policies for additional information on our loan related policies. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 
 We closely monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to manage and evaluate our exposure to credit risk within the loan portfolio based on our defined loan classes. In doing so, we use several credit quality indicators, including trends in delinquency rates, nonperforming status, analysis of PD and LGD ratings, updated credit scores and originated and updated LTV ratios. 
 
 The measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. Loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. Loan delinquencies include government insured or guaranteed loans, loans accounted for under the fair value option and PCD loans. 
 
 Table 52 presents the composition and delinquency status of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower, repayment sources, underlying collateral and other support given current events, economic conditions and expectations. We refine our practices to meet the changing environment resulting from rising inflation levels, supply chain disruptions, higher rates and secular changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. To mitigate losses and enhance customer support, we have customer assistance, loan modification and collection programs that align with the CARES Act and subsequent interagency guidance. As a result, under the CARES Act credit reporting rules, certain loans modified due to COVID-19 related hardships are not being reported as past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on the contractual terms of the loan, even where borrowers may not be making payments on their loans during the modification period. 
 
 118 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Commercial real estate Equipment lease financing Total commercial Consumer Residential real estate (c) Home equity Automobile Credit card Education (c) Other consumer Total consumer Total Percentage of total loans December 31, 2021 Commercial Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Equipment lease financing Total commercial Consumer Residential real estate (c) Home equity Automobile Credit card Education (c) Other consumer Total consumer Total Percentage of total loans 
 (a) Amounts in table represent loans held for investment and do not include any associated ALLL. 
 (b) The accrued interest associated with our loan portfolio totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (c) Past due loan amounts include government insured or guaranteed Residential real estate loans and Education loans totaling billion and billion at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were billion and billion, respectively. 
 (d) Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option for which we do not expect to collect substantially all principal and interest are subject to nonaccrual accounting and classification upon meeting any of our nonaccrual policy criteria. Given that these loans are not accounted for at amortized cost, these loans have been excluded from the nonperforming loan population. 
 (e) Includes unearned income, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans and premiums or discounts on purchased loans totaling billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In the normal course of business, we originate or purchase loan products with contractual characteristics that, when concentrated, may 
 increase our exposure as a holder of those loan products. Possible product features that may create a concentration of credit risk would 
 include a high original or updated LTV ratio, terms that may expose the borrower to future increases in repayments above increases in market interest rates and interest-only loans, among others. 
 
 We originate interest-only loans to commercial borrowers. Such credit arrangements are usually designed to match borrower cash flow 
 expectations e.g. , working capital lines, revolvers). These products are standard in the financial services industry and product features are considered during the underwriting process to mitigate the increased risk that the interest-only feature may result in borrowers not 
 being able to make interest and principal payments when due. We do not believe that these product features create a concentration of 
 credit risk. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 119 

billion of commercial and other loans to the Federal Reserve Bank and billion of residential real estate and other loans to the FHLB as collateral for the ability to borrow, if necessary. The comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were billion and billion, respectively. Amounts pledged reflect the unpaid principal balances. 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases, OREO and foreclosed assets. Nonperforming loans are those loans accounted for at amortized cost whose credit quality has deteriorated to the extent that full collection of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming TDRs and PCD loans. Interest income is not recognized on these loans. Loans accounted for under the fair value option are reported as performing loans; however, when nonaccrual criteria is met, interest income is not recognized on these loans. Additionally, certain government insured or guaranteed loans for which we expect to collect substantially all principal and interest are not reported as nonperforming loans and continue to accrue interest. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for additional information on our nonperforming loan and lease policies. 

Consumer (a) Total nonperforming loans (b) OREO and foreclosed assets Total nonperforming assets Nonperforming loans to total loans Nonperforming assets to total loans, OREO and foreclosed assets Nonperforming assets to total assets 
 (a) Excludes most unsecured consumer loans and lines of credit, which are charged off after to days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status. 
 (b) Nonperforming loans for which there is no related ALLL totaled billion at December 31, 2022 and primarily include loans with a fair value of collateral that exceeds the amortized cost basis. The comparable amount at December 31, 2021 was billion. 
 
 Nonperforming loans include certain loans whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, these loans are considered TDRs. See Note 1 Accounting Policies and the Troubled Debt Restructurings section of this Note 4 for additional information on TDRs. 
 
 Total nonperforming loans in Table 53 include TDRs of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. TDRs that are performing, including consumer credit card TDR loans, are excluded from nonperforming loans and totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Additional Credit Quality Indicators by Loan Class 
 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 For commercial and industrial loans, we monitor the performance of the borrower in a disciplined and regular manner based upon the level of credit risk inherent in the loan. To evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign an internal risk rating reflecting the borrower s PD and LGD. This two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process. These ratings are generally reviewed and updated at least once per year. For small balance homogeneous pools of commercial and industrial loans and leases, we apply scoring techniques to assist in determining the PD. The combination of the PD and LGD ratings assigned to commercial and industrial loans, capturing both the combination of expectations of default and loss severity in the event of default, reflects credit quality characteristics as of the reporting date and are used as inputs into our loss forecasting process. 
 Based upon the amount of the lending arrangement and our risk rating assessment, we follow a formal schedule of written periodic reviews. Quarterly, we conduct formal reviews of a market s or business unit s loan portfolio, focusing on those loans which we perceive to be of higher risk, based upon PDs and LGDs, or loans for which credit quality is weakening. If circumstances warrant, it is our practice to review any customer obligation and its level of credit risk more frequently. We attempt to proactively manage our loans by using various procedures that are customized to the risk of a given loan, including ongoing outreach, contact, and assessment of obligor financial conditions, collateral inspection and appraisal. 

120 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 121 

Criticized Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Rated Criticized Total commercial real estate Equipment lease financing Pass Rated Criticized Total equipment lease financing Total commercial 
 
 Term Loans by Origination Year December 31, 2021 
 In millions 
 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Loans Converted to Term Total Loans Commercial and industrial Pass Rated Criticized Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Rated Criticized Total commercial real estate 
 Equipment lease financing 
 Pass Rated Criticized Total equipment lease financing 
 Total commercial 
 
 (a) Loans in our commercial portfolio are classified as Pass Rated or Criticized based on the regulatory definitions, which are driven by the PD and LGD ratings that we assign. The Criticized classification includes loans that were rated special mention, substandard or doubtful as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Residential Real Estate and Home Equity 
 We use several credit quality indicators, including delinquency information, nonperforming loan information, updated credit scores and originated and updated LTV ratios, to monitor and manage credit risk within the residential real estate and home equity loan classes. A summary of credit quality indicators follows: 
 Delinquency/Delinquency Rates : We monitor trending of delinquency/delinquency rates for residential real estate and home equity loans. See Table 55 for additional information. 
 Nonperforming Loans : We monitor trending of nonperforming loans for residential real estate and home equity loans. See Table 55 for additional information. 
 
 122 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 123 

Greater than or equal to 80 to 100 Less than 80 No LTV available Government insured or guaranteed loans 
 Total residential real estate 
 Updated FICO scores Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available 
 Government insured or guaranteed loans 
 Total residential real estate Home equity Current estimated LTV ratios Greater than 100 Greater than or equal to 80 to 100 Less than 80 Total home equity Updated FICO scores Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available 
 Total home equity 
 
 124 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Greater than or equal to 80 to 100 Less than 80 No LTV available Government insured or guaranteed loans Total residential real estate 
 Updated FICO scores Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available Government insured or guaranteed loans 
 Total residential real estate Home equity Current estimated LTV ratios Greater than 100 Greater than or equal to 80 to 100 Less than 80 Total home equity Updated FICO scores Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available 
 Total home equity 
 
 Automobile, Credit Card, Education and Other Consumer 
 We monitor a variety of credit quality information in the management of these consumer loan classes. For all loan types, we generally use a combination of internal loan parameters as well as an updated FICO score. We use FICO scores as a primary credit quality indicator for automobile and credit card loans, as well as non-government guaranteed or non-insured education loans and other secured and unsecured lines and loans. Internal credit metrics, such as delinquency status, are heavily relied upon as credit quality indicators for government guaranteed or insured education loans and consumer loans to high net worth individuals, as internal credit metrics are more relevant than FICO scores for these types of loans. 
 
 Along with the monitoring of delinquency trends and losses for each class, FICO credit score updates are obtained at least quarterly along with a variety of credit bureau attributes. Loans with high FICO scores tend to have a lower likelihood of loss. Conversely, loans with low FICO scores tend to have a higher likelihood of loss. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 125 

720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 Total automobile Credit card Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available or required (a) Total credit card Education Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available or required (a) Education loans using FICO credit metric Other internal credit metrics Total education Other consumer Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 Other consumer loans using FICO credit metric Other internal credit metrics Total other consumer 
 
 126 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 Total automobile Credit card Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available or required (a) Total credit card Education Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 No FICO score available or required (a) Education loans using FICO credit metric Other internal credit metrics Total education Other consumer Greater than or equal to 780 720 to 779 660 to 719 Less than 660 Other consumer loans using FICO credit metric Other internal credit metrics Total other consumer 
 (a) Loans with no FICO score available or required generally refers to new accounts issued to borrowers with limited credit history, accounts for which we cannot obtain an updated FICO score e.g. , recent profile changes), cards issued with a business name and/or cards secured by collateral. Management proactively assesses the risk and size of this loan category and, when necessary, takes actions to mitigate the credit risk. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 A TDR is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for additional information related to TDRs. 
 
 Table 57 quantifies the number of loans that were classified as TDRs as well as the change in the loans balance as a result of becoming a TDR during 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, the table provides information about the types of TDR concessions. The Principal Forgiveness TDR category includes principal forgiveness and accrued interest forgiveness. The Rate Reduction TDR category includes reduced interest rate and interest deferral. The Other TDR category primarily includes consumer borrowers that have been discharged from personal liability through Chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us, as well as postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and contractual extensions for both consumer and commercial borrowers. 
 
 In some cases, there have been multiple concessions granted on one loan. This is most common within the commercial loan portfolio. When there have been multiple concessions granted in the commercial loan portfolio, the principal forgiveness concession was prioritized for purposes of determining the inclusion in Table 57. Second in priority would be rate reduction. In the event that multiple concessions are granted on a consumer loan, concessions resulting from discharge from personal liability through Chapter 7 bankruptcy without formal affirmation of the loan obligations to us would be prioritized and included in the Other type of concession in Table 57. After that, consumer loan concessions would follow the previously discussed priority of concessions for the commercial loan portfolio. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 127 

Consumer Total TDRs During the year ended December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Commercial Consumer Total TDRs During the year ended December 31, 2020 Dollars in millions Commercial Consumer Total TDRs 
 (a) Impact of partial charge-offs at TDR date are included in this table. 
 (b) Represents the amortized cost basis of the loans as of the quarter end prior to TDR designation. 
 (c) Represents the amortized cost basis of the TDRs as of the end of the quarter in which the TDR occurs. 
 After a loan is determined to be a TDR, we continue to track its performance under its most recent restructured terms. We consider a TDR to have subsequently defaulted when it becomes 60 days past due after the most recent date the loan was restructured. Loans that were both (i) classified as TDRs, and (ii) subsequently defaulted during the period totaled billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain the ACL related to loans at levels that we believe to be appropriate to absorb expected credit losses in the portfolios as of the balance sheet date. See Note 1 Accounting Policies for a discussion of the methodologies used to determine this allowance. A rollforward of the ACL related to loans follows: 
 
 Adoption of ASU 2016-13 (a) ) Beginning balance, adjusted Acquisition PCD reserves Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Allowance for unfunded lending related commitments (b) Beginning balance Adoption of ASU 2016-13 (a) Beginning balance, adjusted Acquisition PCD reserves Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) ) ) Ending balance Allowance for credit losses at December 31 (c) 
 (a) Represents the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses on January 1, 2020 and our transition from an incurred loss methodology for our reserves to an expected credit loss methodology. 
 (b) See Note 11 Commitments for additional information about the underlying commitments related to this allowance. 
 (c) Represents the ALLL plus allowance for unfunded lending related commitments and excludes allowances for investment securities and other financial assets, which together totaled million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 128 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

billion, a decrease of billion since December 31, 2021. The decline in reserves was primarily driven by the reassessment of pandemic-related risks and improvements in credit quality, partially offset by our weakened economic outlook along with loan growth. 

N OTE 5 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 129 

Repurchases of previously transferred loans (c) Servicing fees (d) Servicing advances recovered/(funded), net Cash flows on mortgage-backed securities held (e) Cash Flows - Year ended December 31, 2021 Sales of loans and related securitization activity (b) Repurchases of previously transferred loans (c) Servicing fees (d) Servicing advances recovered/(funded), net ) ) Cash flows on mortgage-backed securities held (e) 
 (a) Represents both commercial mortgage loan transfer and servicing activities. 
 (b) Gains/losses recognized on sales of loans were insignificant for the periods presented. 
 (c) Includes both residential and commercial mortgage government insured or guaranteed loans eligible for repurchase through the exercise of our ROAP option, as well as residential mortgage loans repurchased due to alleged breaches of origination covenants or representations and warranties made to purchasers. 
 (d) Includes contractually specified servicing fees, late charges and ancillary fees. 
 billion in residential mortgage-backed securities and billion in commercial mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2022. Comparable amounts at December 31, 2021 were billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Table 60 presents information about the principal balances of transferred loans that we service and are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We would only experience a loss on these transferred loans if we were required to repurchase a loan, where the repurchase price exceeded the loan s fair value, due to a breach in representations and warranties or a loss sharing arrangement associated with our continuing involvement with these loans. The estimate of losses related to breaches in representations and warranties was insignificant at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Delinquent loans (b) December 31, 2021 Total principal balance Delinquent loans (b) Year ended December 31, 2022 Net charge-offs (c) Year ended December 31, 2021 Net charge-offs (c) 
 (a) Represents information at the securitization level in which we have sold loans and we are the servicer for the securitization. 
 (b) Serviced delinquent loans are 90 days or more past due or are in process of foreclosure. 
 (c) Net charge-offs for Residential mortgages represent credit losses less recoveries distributed and as reported to investors during the period. Net charge-offs for Commercial mortgages represent credit losses less recoveries distributed and as reported by the trustee for commercial mortgage backed securitizations. Realized losses for Agency securitizations are not reflected as we do not manage the underlying real estate upon foreclosure and, as such, do not have access to loss information. 
 
 Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) 
 We are involved with various entities in the normal course of business that are deemed to be VIEs. We assess VIEs for consolidation based upon the accounting policies described in Note 1 Accounting Policies. Our consolidated VIEs were insignificant at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have not provided additional financial support to these entities which we are not contractually required to provide. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of non-consolidated VIEs with which we have significant continuing involvement but are not the primary beneficiary. We have excluded certain transactions with non-consolidated VIEs from the balances presented in Table 61 where we have determined that our continuing involvement is insignificant. We do not consider our continuing involvement to be significant when it relates to a VIE where we only invest in securities issued by the VIE and were not involved in the design of the VIE or where no transfers have occurred between us and the VIE. In addition, where we only have lending arrangements in the normal 
 130 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

(c) Tax credit investments and other (d) (e) Total December 31, 2021 Mortgage-backed securitizations (b) (c) Tax credit investments and other (d) (e) Total 
 (a) Represents loans, investments and other assets related to non-consolidated VIEs, net of collateral (if applicable). The risk of loss excludes any potential tax recapture associated with tax credit investments. 
 (b) Amounts reflect involvement with securitization SPEs where we transferred to, and/or service loans for, an SPE and we hold securities issued by that SPE. Values disclosed in the PNC Risk of Loss column represent our maximum exposure to loss for those securities holdings. 
 (c) Included in Investment securities, Mortgage servicing rights and Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (d) Included in Investment securities, Loans, Equity investments and Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (e) Included in Deposits and Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Mortgage-Backed Securitizations 
 In connection with each Agency and Non-agency residential and commercial mortgage-backed securitization discussed above, we evaluate each SPE utilized in these transactions for consolidation. In performing these assessments, we evaluate our level of continuing involvement in these transactions as the nature of our involvement ultimately determines whether or not we hold a variable interest and/or are the primary beneficiary of the SPE. Factors we consider in our consolidation assessment include the significance of (i) our role as servicer, (ii) our holdings of mortgage-backed securities issued by the securitization SPE and (iii) the rights of third-party variable interest holders. 
 
 The first step in our assessment is to determine whether we hold a variable interest in the securitization SPE. We hold variable interests in Agency and Non-agency securitization SPEs through our holding of residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities issued by the SPEs and/or our recourse obligations. Each SPE in which we hold a variable interest is evaluated to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of the entity. For Agency securitization transactions, our contractual role as servicer does not give us the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the SPEs. Thus, we are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. For Non-agency securitization transactions, we would be the primary beneficiary to the extent our servicing activities give us the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the SPE and we hold a more-than-insignificant variable interest in the entity. 
 Details about the Agency and Non-agency securitization SPEs where we hold a variable interest and are not the primary beneficiary are included in Table 61. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with these SPEs is the carrying value of the mortgage-backed securities, servicing assets, servicing advances and our liabilities associated with our recourse obligations. Creditors of the securitization SPEs have no recourse to our assets or general credit. 
 
 Tax Credit Investments and Other 
 For tax credit investments in which we do not have the right to make decisions that will most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity, we are not the primary beneficiary and thus do not consolidate the entity. These investments are disclosed in Table 61. The table also reflects our maximum exposure to loss exclusive of any potential tax credit recapture. Our maximum exposure to loss is equal to our legally binding equity commitments adjusted for recorded impairment, partnership results or amortization for qualifying low income housing tax credit investments when applicable. For all legally binding unfunded equity commitments, we increase our recognized investment and recognize a liability. As of December 31, 2022, we had a liability for unfunded commitments of billion related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects which is reflected in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Table 61 also includes our involvement in lease financing transactions with LLCs engaged in solar power generation that, to a large extent, provided returns in the form of tax credits. The outstanding financings and operating lease assets are reflected as Loans and Other assets, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, whereas related liabilities are reported in Deposits and Other liabilities. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 131 

billion of amortization, billion of tax credits and less than billion of other tax benefits associated with qualified investments in LIHTCs within Income taxes. We recognized billion of amortization, billion of tax credits and less than billion of other tax benefits associated with qualified investments in LIHTCs within Income taxes in 2021. Comparable amounts for 2020 were billion, billion and less than billion, respectively. 

N OTE 6 

Other Balance as of December 31, 2021 BBVA acquisition Other Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 
 Goodwill increased during 2021 primarily as a result of the acquisition of BBVA. Goodwill was recorded and allocated to each of our three business segments and is not deductible for income tax purposes. See Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activities for additional information. 
 
 We review goodwill in each of our reporting units for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances have changed significantly from the annual test date. Based on the results of our analysis, there were impairment charges related to goodwill in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 We recognize the right to service mortgage loans for others as an intangible asset when the benefits of servicing are expected to be more than adequate compensation to a servicer for performing the servicing. MSRs are recognized either when purchased or when originated loans are sold with servicing retained. MSRs totaled billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021, and consisted of loan servicing contracts for commercial and residential mortgages measured at fair value. 
 Commercial Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 We recognize gains (losses) on changes in the fair value of commercial MSRs. Commercial MSRs are subject to changes in value from actual or expected prepayment of the underlying loans and defaults as well as market driven changes in interest rates. We manage this risk by economically hedging the fair value of commercial MSRs with securities, derivative instruments and resale agreements which are expected to increase (or decrease) in value when the value of commercial MSRs decreases (or increases). 
 
 The fair value of commercial MSRs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow model incorporating inputs for assumptions as to constant prepayment rates, discount rates and other factors determined based on current market conditions and expectations. 
 
 132 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Additions: From loans sold with servicing retained Purchases Changes in fair value due to: Time and payoffs (a) ) ) ) Other (b) ) December 31 Related unpaid principal balance at December 31 Servicing advances at December 31 
 (a) Represents decrease in MSR value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal payments, prepayments and loans paid off during the period. 
 (b) Represents MSR value changes resulting primarily from market-driven changes in interest rates. 
 Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 We recognize gains (losses) on changes in the fair value of residential MSRs. Residential MSRs are subject to changes in value from actual or expected prepayment of the underlying loans and defaults as well as market driven changes in interest rates. We manage this risk by economically hedging the fair value of residential MSRs with securities and derivative instruments that are expected to increase (or decrease) in value when the value of residential MSRs decreases (or increases). 
 
 The fair value of residential MSRs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors that are determined based on current market conditions. 

Additions: BBVA Acquisition From loans sold with servicing retained Purchases Changes in fair value due to: Time and payoffs (a) ) ) ) Other (b) ) December 31 Unpaid principal balance of loans serviced for others at December 31 Servicing advances at December 31 
 (a) Represents decrease in MSR value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal payments, prepayments and loans paid off during the period. 
 (b) Represents MSR value changes resulting from market-driven changes in interest rates. 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 The fair value of commercial and residential MSRs and significant inputs to the valuation models as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are shown in Tables 65 and 66. The expected and actual rates of mortgage loan prepayments are significant factors driving the fair value. Management uses both internal proprietary models and a third-party model to estimate future commercial mortgage loan prepayments and a third-party model to estimate future residential mortgage loan prepayments. These models have been refined based on current market conditions and management judgment. Future interest rates are another important factor in the valuation of MSRs. Management utilizes market implied forward interest rates to estimate the future direction of mortgage and discount rates. The forward rates utilized are derived from the current yield curve for U.S. dollar interest rate swaps and are consistent with pricing of capital markets instruments. Changes in the shape and slope of the forward curve in future periods may result in volatility in the fair value estimate. 
 
 A sensitivity analysis of the hypothetical effect on the fair value of MSRs to adverse changes in key assumptions is presented in Tables 65 and 66. These sensitivities do not include the impact of the related hedging activities. Changes in fair value generally cannot 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 133 

Weighted-average life (years) Weighted-average constant prepayment rate Decline in fair value from 10 adverse change Decline in fair value from 20 adverse change Effective discount rate Decline in fair value from 10 adverse change Decline in fair value from 20 adverse change 

Weighted-average life (years) Weighted-average constant prepayment rate Decline in fair value from 10 adverse change Decline in fair value from 20 adverse change Weighted-average option adjusted spread bps bps Decline in fair value from 10 adverse change Decline in fair value from 20 adverse change 
 
 billion for 2022 and billion for both 2021 and 2020. We also generate servicing fees from fee-based activities provided to others for which we do not have an associated servicing asset. Fees from commercial and residential MSRs are reported within Noninterest income on our Consolidated Income Statement in Residential and commercial mortgage . 

N OTE 7 

Operating leases (b) Lease income 
 (a) Included in Loans interest income on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 (b) Included in Lending and deposit services on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 134 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Unguaranteed residual asset values (a) Unearned income ) ) Equipment lease financing 
 billion for both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Operating lease assets were billion and accumulated depreciation was billion at December 31, 2022 compared to operating lease assets of billion and accumulated depreciation of billion at December 31, 2021. We had no lease transactions with related parties or deferred selling profits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future minimum lease receivable arrangements 
 
 Lessee Arrangements 
 We lease retail branches, datacenters, office space, land and equipment under operating and finance leases. Our leases have remaining lease terms of year to years, some of which may include options to renew the leases for up to years, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases prior to the end date of the lease term. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased asset. The exercise of lease renewal, termination and purchase options is at our sole discretion. 
 
 Certain of our lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of revenue and others include rental payments if certain bank deposit levels are met. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Subleases to third parties were not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Operating cash flows 
 (a) Included in Occupancy, Equipment and Marketing expense on the Consolidated Income Statement. 

Operating lease liabilities (b) 
 (a) Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) Included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Finance lease assets and liabilities, income, expense and cash flows at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 135 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future lease payments Less: Interest Present value of operating lease liability arrangements 

N OTE 8 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net book value 
 
 Depreciation expense on premises, equipment and leasehold improvements, as well as amortization expense, excluding intangible assets, primarily for capitalized internally developed software are shown in the following table: 

Amortization Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 136 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 9 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 

N OTE 10 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 

- 
 2024 - 2033 Subordinated debt - 
 2024 - 2033 Junior subordinated debt 2028 Subtotal Bank Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (a) - 
 2023 - 2026 Senior debt - 
 2023 - 2043 Subordinated debt - 
 2023 - 2029 Subtotal Total 
 (a) FHLB borrowings are generally collateralized by residential mortgage loans, other mortgage-related loans and investment securities. 
 In Table 78, the carrying values for Parent Company senior and subordinated debt include basis adjustments of ) million and ) million, respectively, whereas Bank senior and subordinated debt include basis adjustments of ) million and ) million, respectively, related to fair value accounting hedges as of December 31, 2022. 
 Certain borrowings are reported at fair value, refer to Note 15 Fair Value for more information on those borrowings. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 137 

million. In June 1998, PNC Capital Trust C issued million of trust preferred securities which bear interest at an annual rate of 3 month LIBOR plus basis points. The trust preferred securities are currently redeemable by PNC Capital Trust C at par. In accordance with GAAP, the financial statements of the Trust are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 The obligations of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., as the parent of the Trust, when taken collectively, are the equivalent of a full and unconditional guarantee of the obligations of the Trust under the terms of the trust preferred securities. Such guarantee is subordinate in right of payment in the same manner as other junior subordinated debt. There are certain restrictions on our overall ability to obtain funds from our subsidiaries. For additional disclosure on these funding restrictions, see Note 20 Regulatory Matters. 
 
 We are subject to certain restrictions, including restrictions on dividend payments, in connection with the outstanding junior subordinated debentures. Generally, if (i) there is an event of default under the debentures, (ii) we elect to defer interest on the debentures, (iii) we exercise our right to defer payments on the related trust preferred securities, or (iv) there is a default under our guarantee of such payment obligations, subject to certain limited exceptions, we would be unable during the period of such default or deferral to make payments on our debt securities that rank equal or junior to the debentures as well as to make payments on our equity securities, including dividend payments. 

138 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 11 

Home equity Credit card Other Total commitments to extend credit Net outstanding standby letters of credit (a) Standby bond purchase agreements (b) Other commitments (c) Total commitments to extend credit and other commitments 
 (a) Net outstanding standby letters of credit include billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which support remarketing programs. 
 (b) We enter into standby bond purchase agreements to support municipal bond obligations. 
 (c) Includes billion and billion related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Commitments to Extend Credit 
 Commitments to extend credit, or net unfunded loan commitments, represent arrangements to lend funds or provide liquidity subject to specified contractual conditions. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates, may require payment of a fee and generally contain termination clauses in the event the customer s credit quality deteriorates. 
 Net Outstanding Standby Letters of Credit 
 We issue standby letters of credit and share in the risk of standby letters of credit issued by other financial institutions, in each case to support obligations of our customers to third parties, such as insurance requirements and the facilitation of transactions involving capital markets product execution. Approximately of our net outstanding standby letters of credit were rated as Pass at December 31, 2022, with the remainder rated as Criticized. An internal credit rating of Pass indicates the expected risk of loss is currently low, while a rating of Criticized indicates a higher degree of risk. 
 If the customer fails to meet its financial or performance obligation to the third party under the terms of the contract or there is a need to support a remarketing program, then upon a draw by a beneficiary, subject to the terms of the letter of credit, we would be obligated to make payment to them. The standby letters of credit outstanding on December 31, 2022 had terms ranging from less than to . 
 As of December 31, 2022, assets of billion secured certain specifically identified standby letters of credit. In addition, a portion of the remaining standby letters of credit issued on behalf of specific customers is also secured by collateral or guarantees that secure the customers other obligations to us. The carrying amount of the liability for our obligations related to standby letters of credit and participations in standby letters of credit was billion at December 31, 2022 and is included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 139 

N OTE 12 

Issued and outstanding Series B Series O Series P (a) Series R Series S Series T Series U Series V Total issued and outstanding 
 (a) On November 1, 2022, PNC redeemed all shares of its Series P Preferred Stock, as well as all million Depositary Shares each representing a fractional interest in such shares. 
 140 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

None Series O (d) July 27, 2011 million 
 1/100 th 
 Semi-annually beginning on February 1, 2012 until August 1, 2021 Quarterly beginning on November 1, 2021 until August 1, 2021 

3 Mo. LIBOR plus per annum beginning on August 1, 2021 
 August 1, 2021 Series R (d) May 7, 2013 1/100 th 
 Semi-annually beginning on December 1, 2013 until June 1, 2023 Quarterly beginning on September 1, 2023 until June 1, 2023 

3 Mo. LIBOR plus per annum beginning June 1, 2023 
 June 1, 2023 Series S (d) November 1, 2016 1/100 th 
 Semi-annually beginning on May 1, 2017 until November 1, 2026 Quarterly beginning on February 1, 2027 until November 1, 2026 

3 Mo. LIBOR plus per annum beginning November 1, 2026 
 November 1, 2026 Series T (d) September 13, 2021 million 
 1/100 th 
 Quarterly beginning on December 15, 2021 until September 15, 2026 
 
 5 Yr. U.S. Treasury plus per annum beginning September 15, 2026 
 September 15, 2026 Series U (d) April 26, 2022 million 
 1/100 th 
 Quarterly beginning on August 15, 2022 until May 15, 2027 
 
 5 Yr. U.S. Treasury plus per annum beginning May 15, 2027 
 May 15, 2027 Series V (d) August 19, 2022 million 
 1/100 th 
 Quarterly beginning on December 15, 2022 until September 15, 2027 
 
 5 Yr. U.S. Treasury plus per annum beginning September 15, 2027 
 September 15, 2027 
 (a) Dividends are payable when, as, and if declared by our Board of Directors or an authorized committee of our Board of Directors. 
 (b) Redeemable at our option on or after the date stated. With the exception of the Series B preferred stock, also redeemable at our option within 90 days of a regulatory capital treatment event as defined in the designations. 
 (c) Cumulative preferred stock. Holders of Series B preferred stock are entitled to votes per share, which is equal to the number of full shares of common stock into which the Series B preferred stock is convertible. The Series B preferred stock was issued in connection with the consolidation of Pittsburgh National Corporation and Provident National Corporation in 1983. 
 (d) Non-Cumulative preferred stock. 
 
 Each outstanding series of preferred stock, other than the Series B, contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and make other shareholder payments. Subject to limited exceptions, if dividends are not paid on any such series of preferred stock, we cannot declare dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock. In addition, if we would like to repurchase shares of preferred stock, such repurchases must be on a pro rata basis with respect to all such series of preferred stock. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 141 

Preferred Stock Series B Series O Series P Series Q Series R Series S Series T Series U Series V 
 
 On January 4, 2023, the PNC Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of per share. The dividend, with a payment date of February 5, 2023, was paid on the next business day. 
 
 Other Shareholders Equity Matters 
 At December 31, 2022, we had reserved approximately million common shares to be issued in connection with certain stock plans. 
 
 Consistent with the SCB framework, which allows for capital return in amounts in excess of the SCB minimum levels, our Board of Directors has authorized a repurchase framework under the repurchase program approved on April 4, 2019 of up to million common shares, of which approximately were still available for repurchase at December 31, 2022. Under this framework, PNC expects quarterly repurchases of up to million with the ability to adjust those levels as conditions warrant. PNC s SCB for the four-quarter period beginning October 1, 2022 is . 

142 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 13 
 
 ) ) ) ) Less: Net realized gains (losses) reclassified to earnings (a) ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedge derivatives Net Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives 
 ) ) ) ) ) Less: Net realized gains (losses) reclassified to earnings (a) ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plan adjustments Net pension and other postretirement benefit plan activity and other reclassified to earnings (b) ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) Other Net unrealized gains (losses) on other transactions ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income from discontinued operations ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Reclassifications for pre-tax debt securities and cash flow hedges are recorded in interest income and noninterest income on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 (b) Reclassifications include amortization of actuarial losses (gains) and amortization of prior period services costs (credits) which are recorded in noninterest expense on the Consolidated Income Statement. 

) ) ) Net Activity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net activity ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net activity ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (a) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) million from derivatives that hedged the purchase of investment securities classified as held to maturity. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 143 

N OTE 14 
 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Preferred stock dividends Preferred stock discount accretion and redemptions Net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders Less: Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested restricted shares Net income from continuing operations attributable to basic common shareholders Net income from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested restricted shares Net income from discontinued operations attributable to basic common shareholders Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations (a) Basic earnings per common share from discontinued operations (a) Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income from continuing operations attributable to diluted common shareholders Net income from discontinued operations attributable to basic common shareholders Less: Impact of earnings per share dilution from discontinued operations Net income from discontinued operations attributable to diluted common shareholders Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations (a) Diluted earnings per common share from discontinued operations (a) Diluted earnings per common share 
 (a) Basic and diluted earnings per share under the two-class method are determined on net income reported on the income statement less earnings allocated to nonvested restricted shares and restricted share units with nonforfeitable dividends and dividend rights (participating securities). 

144 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 15 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 145 

146 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

years. We value indirect investments in private equity funds using the NAV practical expedient as provided in the financial statements that we receive from fund managers. Due to the time lag in our receipt of the financial information and based on a review of investments and valuation techniques applied, adjustments to the manager-provided value are made when available recent portfolio company information or market information indicates a significant change in value from that provided by the manager of the fund. Indirect investments valued using NAV are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) 
 MSRs are carried at fair value on a recurring basis. Assumptions incorporated into the MSRs valuation model reflect management s best estimate of factors that a market participant would use in valuing the MSRs. Although sales of MSRs do occur and can offer some market insight, MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices so the precise terms and conditions of sales are not available. 
 Residential MSRs 
 As a benchmark for the reasonableness of our residential MSRs fair value, we obtained opinions of value from independent brokers. These brokers provided a range (+/- bps) based upon their own discounted cash flow calculations of our portfolio that reflect conditions in the secondary market and any recently executed servicing transactions. We compare our internally-developed residential MSRs value to the ranges of values received from the brokers. If our residential MSRs fair value falls outside of the brokers ranges, management will assess whether a valuation adjustment is warranted. For the periods presented, our residential MSRs value did not fall outside of the brokers ranges. 
 Due to the nature of the unobservable valuation inputs, residential MSRs are classified as Level 3. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of residential MSRs are constant prepayment rates and spread over the benchmark curve. Significant increases (decreases) in prepayment rates and spread over the benchmark curve would have resulted in lower (higher) fair market value of residential MSRs. 
 Commercial MSRs 
 The fair value of commercial MSRs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow model incorporating unobservable inputs for assumptions such as constant prepayment rates, discount rates and other factors. Due to the nature of the unobservable valuation inputs and the limited availability of market pricing, commercial MSRs are classified as Level 3. Significant increases (decreases) in constant prepayment rates and discount rates would have resulted in significantly lower (higher) commercial MSR value determined based on current market conditions and expectations. 
 Financial Derivatives 
 Exchange-traded derivatives are valued using quoted market prices and are classified as Level 1. The majority of derivatives that we enter into are executed over-the-counter and are valued using internal models. These derivatives are primarily classified as Level 2, as the readily observable market inputs to these models are validated to external sources, such as industry pricing services, or are corroborated through recent trades, dealer quotes, yield curves, implied volatility or other market-related data. Level 2 financial derivatives are primarily estimated using observable benchmark interest rate swaps to construct projected discounted cash flows. 
 Financial derivatives that are priced using significant management judgment or assumptions are classified as Level 3. Unobservable inputs related to interest rate contracts include probability of funding of residential mortgage loan commitments and estimated servicing cash flows of commercial and residential mortgage loan commitments. Probability of default and loss severity are the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of risk participation agreements. The fair values of Level 3 assets and liabilities related to these interest rate contract financial derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are included in the Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities line item in Table 88 of this Note 15. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 147 

148 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Commercial mortgage loans held for sale Securities available for sale U.S. Treasury and government agencies Residential mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Commercial mortgage-backed Agency Non-agency Asset-backed Other Total securities available for sale Loans Equity investments (a) Residential mortgage servicing rights Commercial mortgage servicing rights Trading securities (b) Financial derivatives (b) (c) Other assets Total assets (d) Liabilities Other borrowed funds Financial derivatives (c) (e) Other liabilities Total liabilities (f) 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (b) Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (c) Amounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented gross and are not reduced by the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow us to net positive and negative positions and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparty. See Note 16 Financial Derivatives for additional information related to derivative offsetting. 
 (d) Total assets at fair value as a percentage of total consolidated assets was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Level 3 assets as a percentage of total assets at fair value was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Level 3 assets as a percentage of total consolidated assets was at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (e) Included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (f) Total liabilities at fair value as a percentage of total consolidated liabilities was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Level 3 liabilities as a percentage of total liabilities at fair value was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Level 3 liabilities as a percentage of total consolidated liabilities was less than at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 149 

: 

) ) ) ) (d) ) Commercial mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Securities available for sale Residential mortgage- backed non-agency ) ) Commercial mortgage- backed non-agency Asset-backed ) ) Other ) Total securities available for sale ) ) Loans ) ) ) (d) Equity investments ) (e) Residential mortgage servicing rights ) Commercial mortgage servicing rights ) Financial derivatives ) ) Total assets ) ) ) ) Liabilities Other borrowed funds ) Financial derivatives ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Net gains (losses) (f) (g) 
 150 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

) ) ) ) (d) ) Commercial mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Other consumer loans held for sale ) Securities available for sale Residential mortgage- backed non-agency ) Commercial mortgage- backed non-agency ) Asset-backed ) Other ) Total securities available for sale ) Loans ) ) ) (d) Equity investments ) Residential mortgage servicing rights ) Commercial mortgage servicing rights ) Financial derivatives ) Total assets ) ) ) Liabilities Other borrowed funds ) Financial derivatives ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Net gains (losses) (f) (g) 
 (a) Losses for assets are bracketed while losses for liabilities are not. 
 (b) The difference in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in Other comprehensive income and changes in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in Other comprehensive income for securities available for sale held at the end of the reporting period were insignificant. 
 (c) The amount of the total gains or losses for the period included in earnings that is attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses related to those assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period. 
 (d) Residential mortgage loan transfers out of Level 3 are primarily driven by residential mortgage loans transferring to OREO as well as reclassification of mortgage loans held for sale to held for investment. 
 (e) Transfers into Level 3 were due to certain private company investments valued using significant unobservable inputs during the current period. 
 (f) Net gains (losses) realized and unrealized included in earnings related to Level 3 assets and liabilities included amortization and accretion. The amortization and accretion amounts were included in Interest income on the Consolidated Income Statement and the remaining net gains (losses) realized and unrealized were included in Noninterest income on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 (g) Net unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period were included in Noninterest income on the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 
 An instrument s categorization within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Changes from one quarter to the next related to the observability of inputs to a fair value measurement may result in a reclassification (transfer) of assets or liabilities between hierarchy levels. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 151 

Discounted cash flow Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps - bps bps) 
 Residential mortgage-backed non-agency securities Priced by a third-party vendor using a discounted cash flow pricing model Constant prepayment rate - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps weighted-average 
 Asset-backed securities Priced by a third-party vendor using a discounted cash flow pricing model Constant prepayment rate - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps weighted-average 
 Loans - Residential real estate - Uninsured Consensus pricing (c) Cumulative default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Discount rate - 
 Loans - Residential real estate - Government insured Discounted cash flow Loss severity weighted-average 
 Discount rate weighted-average 
 Loans - Home equity - First-lien Consensus pricing (c) Cumulative default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Discount rate - 
 Loans - Home equity - Second-lien Consensus pricing (c) Credit and liquidity discount - 
 Equity investments Multiple of adjusted earnings Multiple of earnings x - x x) 
 Residential mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps - bps bps) 
 Commercial mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate - 
 Financial derivatives - Swaps related to sales of certain Visa Class B common shares ) Discounted cash flow Estimated conversion factor of Visa Class B shares into Class A shares weighted-average 
 Estimated annual growth rate of Visa Class A share price 
 Estimated length of litigation resolution date Q2 2023 
 Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (d) ) Total Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (e) 
 152 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Discounted cash flow Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps - bps bps) 
 Residential mortgage-backed non-agency securities Priced by a third-party vendor using a discounted cash flow pricing model Constant prepayment rate - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps weighted-average 
 Asset-backed securities Priced by a third-party vendor using a discounted cash flow pricing model Constant prepayment rate - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps weighted-average 
 Loans - Residential real estate - Uninsured Consensus pricing (c) Cumulative default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Discount rate - 
 Loans - Residential real estate - Government insured Discounted cash flow Loss severity weighted-average 
 Discount rate weighted-average 
 Loans - Home equity - First-lien Consensus pricing (c) Cumulative default rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Discount rate - 
 Loans - Home equity - Second-lien Consensus pricing (c) Credit and liquidity discount - 
 Equity investments Multiple of adjusted earnings Multiple of earnings x - x x) 
 Residential mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Spread over the benchmark curve (b) bps - bps bps) 
 Commercial mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate - 
 Financial derivatives - Swaps related to sales of certain Visa Class B common shares ) Discounted cash flow Estimated conversion factor of Visa Class B shares into Class A shares weighted-average 
 Estimated annual growth rate of Visa Class A share price 
 Estimated length of litigation resolution date Q2 2023 
 Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (d) Total Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (e) 
 (a) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 (b) The assumed yield spread over the benchmark curve for each instrument is generally intended to incorporate non-interest rate risks, such as credit and liquidity risks. 
 (c) Consensus pricing refers to fair value estimates that are generally internally developed using information such as dealer quotes or other third-party provided valuations or comparable asset prices. 
 (d) Represents the aggregate amount of Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are individually and in the aggregate insignificant. The amount includes certain financial derivative assets and liabilities, trading securities, other securities, residential mortgage loans held for sale, other assets, other borrowed funds and other liabilities. 
 (e) Consisted of total Level 3 assets of billion and total Level 3 liabilities of billion as of December 31, 2022 and billion and billion as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 153 

) ) ) Equity investments ) OREO and foreclosed assets ) Long-lived assets ) ) ) Total assets ) ) ) 
 (a) All Level 3 for the periods presented, except for million included in Equity investments which was categorized as Level 1 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (b) Valuation techniques applied were fair value of property or collateral. 
 (c) Unobservable inputs used were appraised value/sales price, broker opinions or projected income/required improvement costs. Additional quantitative information was not meaningful for the periods presented. 
 
 154 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

) Accruing loans 90 days or more past due Nonaccrual loans ) ) Total ) Commercial mortgage loans held for sale (a) Accruing loans less than 90 days past due ) Nonaccrual loans ) Total ) ) Loans Accruing loans less than 90 days past due ) ) Accruing loans 90 days or more past due ) ) Nonaccrual loans ) ) Total ) ) Other assets ) Liabilities Other borrowed funds ) Other liabilities 
 (a) There were no accruing loans 90 days or more past due within this category at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Commercial mortgage loans held for sale Loans Other assets ) ) Liabilities Other liabilities ) 
 (a) The impact on earnings of offsetting hedged items or hedging instruments is not reflected in these amounts. 
 
 Additional Fair Value Information Related to Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 This section presents fair value information for all other financial instruments that are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value. We used the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value amounts for these financial instruments. 
 Cash and Due from Banks and Interest-earning Deposits with Banks 
 Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amounts for Cash and due from banks and Interest-earning deposits with banks reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet approximate fair value. 
 Securities Held to Maturity 
 We primarily use prices obtained from pricing services, dealer quotes or recent trades to determine the fair value of securities. Refer to the Fair Value Measurement section of this Note 15 for additional information relating to our pricing processes and procedures. 
 Net Loans 
 Fair values are estimated based on the discounted value of expected net cash flows incorporating assumptions about prepayment rates, net credit losses and servicing fees. Nonaccrual loans are valued at their estimated recovery value. The carrying value of Net loans are presented net of the ALLL. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 155 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Deposits 
 For time deposits, fair values are estimated by discounting contractual cash flows using current market rates for instruments with similar maturities. For deposits with no defined maturity, such as noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand and interest-bearing money market and savings deposits, carrying values approximate fair values. 
 Borrowed Funds 
 For short-term borrowed funds, including federal funds purchased, commercial paper, repurchase agreements and certain other short-term borrowings and payables, carrying value approximates fair value. For long-term borrowed funds, quoted market prices are used, when available, to estimate fair value. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is estimated based on current market interest rates and credit spreads for debt with similar terms and maturities. 
 Unfunded Lending Related Commitments and Letters of Credit 
 The fair value of unfunded lending related commitments and letters of credit is determined from a market participant s view including the impact of changes in interest rates and credit. We establish a liability on these facilities related to the creditworthiness of our counterparty. 
 Other Liabilities 
 Other liabilities includes interest-bearing cash collateral held related to derivatives and other accrued liabilities. Due to its short-term nature, the carrying value of Other liabilities reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet approximates fair value. 

156 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Interest-earning deposits with banks Securities held to maturity Net loans (excludes leases) Other assets Total assets Liabilities Time deposits Borrowed funds Unfunded lending related commitments Other liabilities Total liabilities December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Securities held to maturity Net loans (excludes leases) Other assets Total assets Liabilities Time deposits Borrowed funds Unfunded lending related commitments Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The aggregate fair values in Table 92 represent only a portion of the total market value of our assets and liabilities as, in accordance with the guidance related to fair values about financial instruments, we exclude the following: 
 financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis (as they are disclosed in Table 86), 
 investments accounted for under the equity method, 
 equity securities without a readily determinable fair value that apply for the alternative measurement approach to fair value under ASU 2016-01, 
 real and personal property, 
 lease financing, 
 loan customer relationships, 
 deposit customer intangibles, 
 mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), 
 retail branch networks, 
 fee-based businesses, such as asset management and brokerage, 
 trademarks and brand names, 
 trade receivables and payables due in one year or less, 
 deposit liabilities with no defined or contractual maturities under ASU 2016-01, and 
 insurance contracts. 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 157 

N OTE 16 

Cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts: Net investment hedges Total derivatives designated for hedging Derivatives not used for hedging Derivatives used for mortgage banking activities (e): Interest rate contracts: Swaps Futures (f) Mortgage-backed commitments Other Total interest rate contracts Derivatives used for customer-related activities: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Futures (f) Mortgage-backed commitments Other Total interest rate contracts Commodity contracts: Swaps Other Total commodity contracts Foreign exchange contracts and other Total derivatives for customer-related activities Derivatives used for other risk management activities: Foreign exchange contracts and other Total derivatives not designated for hedging Total gross derivatives Less: Impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements Less: Cash collateral received/paid Total derivatives 
 (a) Centrally cleared derivatives are settled in cash daily and result in no derivative asset or derivative liability being recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) Included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (c) Included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (d) Represents primarily swaps. 
 (e) Includes both residential and commercial mortgage banking activities. 
 (f) Futures contracts are settled in cash daily and result in no derivative asset or derivative liability being recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 158 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

billion pretax, or billion after-tax, from AOCI to interest income for these cash flow hedge strategies. This reclassified amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is . 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 159 

Gains (losses) on fair value hedges recognized on: Hedged items (c) ) Derivatives ) Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d): Amount of derivative gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Total amounts on the Consolidated Income Statement Gains (losses) on fair value hedges recognized on: Hedged items (c) ) Derivatives ) Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d): Amount of derivative gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Year ended December 31, 2020 Total amounts on the Consolidated Income Statement Gains (losses) on fair value hedges recognized on: Hedged items (c) ) Derivatives ) Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges (d): Amount of derivative gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 (a) For all periods presented, there were no components of derivative gains or losses excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness for any of the fair value or cash flow hedge strategies. 
 (b) All cash flow and fair value hedge derivatives were interest rate contracts for the periods presented. 
 (c) Includes an insignificant amount of fair value hedge adjustments related to discontinued hedge relationships. 
 (d) For all periods presented, there were no gains or losses from cash flow hedge derivatives reclassified to income because it became probable that the original forecasted transaction would not occur. 
 
 ) Borrowed funds ) 
 (a) Includes less than ) billion and ) billion of fair value hedge adjustments primarily related to discontinued borrowed funds hedge relationships at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Carrying value shown represents amortized cost. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge non-U.S. dollar net investments in foreign subsidiaries against adverse changes in foreign exchange rates. We assess whether the hedging relationship is highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in the value of the hedge and hedged item by qualitatively verifying that the critical terms of the hedge and hedged item match at the inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis. Net investment hedge derivatives are classified as foreign exchange contracts. There were components of derivative gains or losses excluded from the assessment of the hedge effectiveness for the periods presented. Net gains on net investment hedge derivatives recognized in OCI were million in 2022 and insignificant in both 2021 and 2020. 
 160 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Maximum potential amount of exposure (a) 
 (a) Based on the fair value of the underlying swaps assuming all underlying third party customers referenced in the swap contracts defaulted. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 161 

) Derivatives used for customer-related activities: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts and other Gains from customer-related activities (b) Derivatives used for other risk management activities: Foreign exchange contracts and other (b) ) ) Total gains (losses) from derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) 
 (a) Included in Residential and commercial mortgage noninterest income on our Consolidated Income Statement. 
 (b) Included in Capital markets and advisory and Other noninterest income on our Consolidated Income Statement. 
 
 Offsetting and Counterparty Credit Risk 
 We generally utilize a net presentation on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for those derivative financial instruments entered into with counterparties under legally enforceable master netting agreements. The master netting agreements reduce credit risk by permitting the closeout netting of all outstanding derivative instruments under the master netting agreement with the same counterparty upon the occurrence of an event of default. The master netting agreement also may require the exchange of cash or marketable securities to collateralize either party s net position. Collateral is typically exchanged daily on unsettled positions based on the net fair value of the positions with the counterparty as of the preceding day. Collateral representing initial margin, which is based on potential future exposure, may also be required to be exchanged. In certain cases, minimum thresholds must be exceeded before any collateral is exchanged. Any cash collateral exchanged with counterparties under these master netting agreements is also netted, when appropriate, against the applicable derivative fair values on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. However, the fair value of any securities held or pledged is not included in the net presentation on the balance sheet. In order for derivative instruments under a master netting agreement to be eligible for closeout netting under GAAP, we must conduct sufficient legal review to conclude with a well-founded basis that the offsetting rights included in the master netting agreement would be legally enforceable upon an event of default, including upon an event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or a similar proceeding of the counterparty. Enforceability is evidenced by a legal opinion that supports, with sufficient confidence, the enforceability of the master netting agreement in such circumstances. 
 
 Table 98 shows the impact legally enforceable master netting agreements had on our derivative assets and derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table includes cash collateral held or pledged under legally enforceable master netting agreements. The table also includes the fair value of any securities collateral held or pledged under legally enforceable master netting agreements. Cash and securities collateral amounts are included in the table only to the extent of the related net derivative fair values. 

162 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Over-the-counter Commodity contracts Foreign exchange and other contracts Total derivative assets (a) Derivative liabilities Interest rate contracts: Over-the-counter cleared Over-the-counter Commodity contracts Foreign exchange and other contracts Total derivative liabilities (b) December 31, 2021 Derivative assets Interest rate contracts: Over-the-counter cleared Over-the-counter Commodity contracts Foreign exchange and other contracts Total derivative assets (a) Derivative liabilities Interest rate contracts: Over-the-counter cleared Over-the-counter Commodity contracts Foreign exchange and other contracts Total derivative liabilities (b) 
 (a) Represents the net amount of derivative assets included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) Represents the net amount of derivative liabilities included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 In addition to using master netting agreements and other collateral agreements to reduce credit risk associated with derivative instruments, we also seek to manage credit risk by evaluating credit ratings of counterparties and by using internal credit analysis, limits, and monitoring procedures. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, cash and debt securities (primarily agency mortgage-backed securities) totaling billion were pledged to us under master netting agreements and other collateral agreements to collateralize net derivative assets due from counterparties and to meet initial margin requirements, and we pledged cash and debt securities (primarily agency mortgage-backed securities) totaling billion under these agreements to collateralize net derivative liabilities owed to counterparties and to meet initial margin requirements. These totals may differ from the amounts presented in the preceding offsetting table because these totals may include collateral exchanged under an agreement that does not qualify as a master netting agreement or because the total amount of collateral pledged exceeds the net derivative fair values with the counterparty as of the balance sheet date due to timing or other factors, such as initial margin. To the extent not netted against the derivative fair values under a master netting agreement, the receivable for cash pledged is included in Other assets and the obligation for cash held is included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Securities pledged to us by counterparties are not recognized on our balance sheet. Likewise, securities we have pledged to counterparties remain on our balance sheet. 
 Credit-Risk Contingent Features 
 
 Certain derivative agreements contain various credit-risk-related contingent provisions, such as those that require our debt to maintain a specified credit rating from one or more of the major credit rating agencies. If our debt ratings were to fall below such specified ratings, the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing full collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The following table presents the aggregate fair value of derivative 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 163 

Collateral posted Maximum additional amount of collateral exposure 

N OTE 17 
 , subject to eligibility criteria. Pension contributions to the plan are typically based on an actuarially determined amount necessary to fund total benefits payable to plan participants. Assets of the qualified pension plan are held in a separate Trust. 
 
 We also maintain nonqualified supplemental retirement plans for certain employees and provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for qualifying retired employees (postretirement benefits) through various plans. PNC reserves the right to terminate or make changes to these plans at any time. The nonqualified pension plan is unfunded. Contributions from PNC, and participant contributions in the case of the postretirement benefit plans, cover all benefits paid under the nonqualified pension plan and postretirement benefit plans. The postretirement plan provides benefits to certain retirees that are at least actuarially equivalent to those provided by Medicare Part D and accordingly, we receive a federal subsidy. PNC has established a VEBA to partially fund postretirement medical and life insurance benefit obligations. 
 We use a measurement date of December 31 for plan assets and benefit obligations. 
 : 
 164 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Projected benefit obligation at January 1 Service cost Interest cost Amendments ) Actuarial (gains)/losses and changes in assumptions (a) ) ) ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Federal Medicare subsidy on benefits paid Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation from BBVA acquisition Projected benefit obligation at December 31 Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Participant contributions Federal Medicare subsidy on benefits paid Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets from BBVA acquisition Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheet Noncurrent asset 10 Current liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized on the consolidated balance sheet ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in AOCI consist of: Prior service cost (credit) Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Amount of loss (gain) recognized in AOCI ) ) ) 
 (a) The actuarial (gains)/losses and changes in assumptions in 2022 and 2021 were primarily related to a change in the discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligation. 
 PNC Pension Plan Assets 
 The long-term investment strategy for pension plan assets in our qualified pension plan (the Plan) is to: 
 Meet present and future benefit obligations to all participants and beneficiaries; 
 Cover reasonable expenses incurred to provide such benefits, including expenses incurred in the administration of the Trust and the Plan; 
 Provide sufficient liquidity to meet benefit and expense payment requirements on a timely basis; and 
 Provide a total return that, over the long term, maximizes the ratio of trust assets to liabilities by maximizing investment return, at an appropriate level of risk. 
 The Plan s named investment fiduciary has the ability to make short to intermediate term asset allocation shifts under the dynamic asset allocation strategy based on factors such as the Plan s funded status, the named investment fiduciary s view of return on equities relative to long term expectations, the named investment fiduciary s view on the direction of interest rates and credit spreads, and other relevant financial or economic factors which would be expected to impact the ability of the Trust to meet its obligation to participants and beneficiaries. Accordingly, the allowable asset allocation ranges have been updated to incorporate the flexibility required by the dynamic allocation policy. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 165 

International Equity 
 Private Equity 
 Total Equity 
 Domestic Fixed Income 
 High Yield Fixed Income 
 Total Fixed Income 
 Real estate 
 Other 
 Total 

The asset category represents the allocation of Plan assets in accordance with the investment objective of each of the Plan s investment managers. Certain domestic equity investment managers utilize derivatives and fixed income securities as described in their Investment Management Agreements to achieve their investment objective under the Investment Policy Statement. Other investment managers may invest in eligible securities outside of their assigned asset category to meet their investment objectives. The actual percentage of the fair value of total Plan assets held as of December 31, 2022 for equity securities, fixed income securities, real estate and all other assets are , , and , respectively. 
 We believe that, over the long term, asset allocation is the single greatest determinant of risk. Asset allocation will deviate from the target percentages due to market movement, cash flows, investment manager performance and implementation of shifts under the dynamic asset allocation policy. Material deviations from the asset allocation targets can alter the expected return and risk of the Trust. However, frequent rebalancing of the asset allocation targets may result in significant transaction costs, which can impair the Trust s ability to meet its investment objective. Accordingly, the Trust portfolio is periodically rebalanced to maintain asset allocation within the target ranges described above. 
 In addition to being diversified across asset classes, the Trust is diversified within each asset class. Secondary diversification provides a reasonable basis for the expectation that no single security or class of securities will have a disproportionate impact on the total risk and return of the Trust. 
 
 Where investment strategies permit the use of derivatives and/or currency management, language is incorporated in the managers guidelines to define allowable and prohibited transactions and/or strategies. Derivatives are typically employed by investment managers to modify risk/return characteristics of their portfolio(s), implement asset allocation changes in a cost effective manner, or reduce transaction costs. Under the managers investment guidelines, derivatives may not be used solely for speculation or leverage. Derivatives are to be used only in circumstances where they offer the most efficient economic means of improving the risk/reward profile of the portfolio. 

166 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

These methods may result in fair value calculations that may not be indicative of net realizable values or future fair values. Furthermore, while the pension plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 
 Money market funds U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt Common stock Mutual funds Other Investments measured at NAV (a) Total 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 167 

Estimated future benefit payments 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost/(credit) Amortization of actuarial (gain)/loss Net periodic cost (benefit) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: Current year prior service cost/(credit) ) Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit ) ) ) Current year actuarial loss/(gain) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial gain/(loss) ) ) ) Total recognized in OCI ) ) ) ) ) ) Total amounts recognized in net periodic cost and OCI ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The service cost component is included in Personnel expense on the Consolidated Income Statement. All other components are included in Other noninterest expense on the Consolidated Income Statement. 

168 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Nonqualified pension Postretirement benefits Rate of compensation increase (average) (b) Interest crediting rate (average) Qualified Pension Nonqualified pension Postretirement benefits Assumed health care cost trend rate (c) Initial trend Ultimate trend Year ultimate trend reached Expected long-term return on plan assets (b) (d) 
 (a) The 2021 discount rate for each plan is a blended rate that is inclusive of the BBVA plans acquired during the year. 
 (b) Rate disclosed is for the qualified pension plan. 
 (c) Rate is applicable only to the postretirement benefit plans. 
 (d) The 2021 rate is a blended rate that is inclusive of the BBVA plan assets acquired during the year. 

Nonqualified pension Postretirement benefits Rate of compensation increase (average) (a) Interest crediting rate (average) Qualified pension Nonqualified pension Postretirement benefits Assumed health care cost trend rate (b) Initial trend Ultimate trend Year ultimate trend reached 
 (a) Rate disclosed is for the qualified pension plan. 
 (b) Rate is applicable only to the postretirement benefit plans. 
 
 The discount rates are determined independently for each plan by comparing the expected future benefits that will be paid under each plan with yields available on high quality corporate bonds of similar duration. For this analysis, of bonds with the highest yields and with the lowest yields were removed from the bond universe. 
 
 With all other assumptions held constant, a decline in the discount rate would have resulted in an immaterial change in net periodic benefit cost in 2022 and to be recognized in 2023 for each of the qualified pension, nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans. 
 
 The expected return on plan assets is a long-term assumption established by considering historical and anticipated returns of the asset classes invested in by the pension plan and the allocation strategy currently in place among those classes. For purposes of setting and reviewing this assumption, long-term refers to the period over which the plan s projected benefit obligations will be disbursed. We review this assumption at each measurement date and adjust it if warranted. Our selection process references certain historical data and the current environment, but primarily utilizes qualitative judgment regarding future return expectations. We also examine the assumption used by other companies with similar pension investment strategies. Taking into account all of these factors, the expected 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 169 

. We are increasing our expected long-term return on assets to for determining pension cost for 2023. This decision was made after considering the views of both internal and external capital market advisors, particularly with regard to the effects of the recent economic environment on long-term prospective equity and fixed income returns. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The ISP is a qualified defined contribution plan that covers all of our eligible employees. Newly-hired full time employees and part-time employees who are eligible to participate in the ISP are automatically enrolled in the ISP with a deferral rate equal to of eligible compensation in the absence of an affirmative election otherwise. Employee benefits expense related to the ISP was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, representing cash contributed to the ISP by PNC. 
 The ISP is a 401(k) Plan and includes an employee stock ownership feature. Employee contributions are invested in a number of investment options, including pre-mixed portfolios and individual core funds, available under the ISP at the direction of the employee. 

N OTE 18 
 , and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of performance share unit awards and restricted share unit awards vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. We recognize compensation expense for such awards ratably over the corresponding vesting and/or performance periods for each type of program. 

Granted (a) (b) Vested/Released (a) ) ) Forfeitures ) December 31, 2022 
 (a) Includes adjustments for achieving specific performance goals for performance share unit awards granted in prior periods. 
 performance share units with market conditions. 
 In Table 108, the units and related weighted-average grant date fair value of the performance unit share awards exclude the effect of dividends on the underlying shares, as those dividends will be paid in cash if and when the underlying shares are issued to the participants. 

170 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 19 

State Total current Deferred Federal ) State ) Total deferred ) Total 

Allowance for loan and lease losses Lease obligations Compensation and benefits Allowance for unfunded lending related commitments Loss and credit carryforward Accrued expenses Other Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Leasing Fixed assets Right of Use Assets Mortgage servicing rights Goodwill and intangibles Net unrealized gains on securities and financial instruments Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 171 

Increases (decreases) resulting from: State taxes net of federal benefit Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Life insurance ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) Subsidiary liquidation ) Other ) Effective tax rate 
 
 : 
 
 2030-2032 State 2023-2039 
 
 The majority of the tax credit carryforwards expire in 2023-2040 and were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Some federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards are from acquired entities and utilization is subject to various statutory limitations. We anticipate that we will be able to fully utilize our carryforwards for federal tax purposes. However, we have recorded an insignificant valuation allowance against our carryforwards for state tax purposes as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Retained earnings included billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 in allocations for bad debt deductions of former thrift subsidiaries for which no income tax has been provided. Under current law, if certain subsidiaries use these bad debt reserves for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses, they will be subject to Federal income tax at the current corporate tax rate. 

Increases: Positions taken during a current period Acquired unrecognized tax benefits Positions taken during a prior period Decreases: Positions taken during a prior period ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 Favorable impact if recognized 

172 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

In addition, we are under continuous examinations by various state taxing authorities. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state and local and foreign income tax examinations by taxing authorities for periods before 2014. For all open audits, any potential adjustments have been considered in establishing our unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our policy is to classify interest and penalties associated with income taxes as income tax expense. For 2022 and 2021, the amount of gross interest and penalties was insignificant. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related amounts of accrued interest and penalties were also insignificant. 

N OTE 20 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 173 

N/A PNC Bank Tier 1 PNC PNC Bank Total PNC PNC Bank Leverage PNC N/A PNC Bank 
 (a) Calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to us during both 2022 and 2021. 
 The principal source of parent company cash flow is the dividends it receives from PNC Bank, which may be impacted by the following: 
 Capital needs, 
 Laws and regulations, 
 Corporate policies, 
 Contractual restrictions, and 
 Other factors. 
 
 Also, there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of national banks to pay dividends or make other capital distributions. The amount available for dividend payments to the parent company by PNC Bank without prior regulatory approval was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Under federal law, a bank subsidiary generally may not extend credit to, or engage in other types of covered transactions (including the purchase of assets) with, the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries on terms and under circumstances that are not substantially the same as comparable transactions with nonaffiliates. A bank subsidiary may not extend credit to, or engage in a covered transaction with, the parent company or a non-bank subsidiary if the aggregate amount of the bank s extensions of credit and other covered transactions with the parent company or non-bank subsidiary exceeds 10 of the capital stock and surplus of such bank subsidiary or the aggregate amount of the bank s extensions of credit and other covered transactions with the parent company and all non-bank subsidiaries exceeds 20 of the capital stock and surplus of such bank subsidiary. Such extensions of credit, with limited exceptions, must be at least fully collateralized in accordance with specified collateralization thresholds, with the thresholds varying based on the type of assets serving as collateral. In certain circumstances, federal regulatory authorities may impose more restrictive limitations. 
 
 The Federal Reserve is authorized to establish reserve requirements for certain types of deposits and other liabilities of depository institutions. Effective March 26, 2020, the reserve requirement ratios were reduced to zero. At December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding at the Federal Reserve Bank was billion. This amount is included in Interest-earning deposits with banks on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

N OTE 21 
 million. The estimates included in this amount are based on our analysis of currently available information and are subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions and uncertainties. As 
 174 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

billion collectively to the class and individual settling plaintiffs and agreed to changes in the terms applicable to their respective card networks (including an eight-month reduction in default credit interchange rates). The parties entered into a definitive agreement with respect to this settlement in October 2012. The court granted final approval of the settlement in December 2013. Several objectors appealed the order of approval to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, which issued an order in June 2016, reversing approval of the settlement and remanding for further proceedings. In November 2016, the plaintiffs filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court to challenge the court of appeal s decision. The Supreme Court denied the petition in March 2017. 
 
 As a result of the reversal of the approval of the settlement, the class actions have resumed in the district court. In November 2016, the district court appointed separate interim class counsel for a proposed class seeking damages and a proposed class seeking equitable (injunctive) relief. In February 2017, each of these counsel filed a proposed amended and supplemental complaint on behalf of its respective proposed class. These complaints make similar allegations, including that the defendants conspired to monopolize and to fix 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 175 

million, with Visa s share of the additional settlement payment being million. The additional settlement payment will be added to the approximately billion previously paid by the defendants pursuant to the original 2012 settlement agreement. 
 Up to million may be returned to the defendants (with up to million to Visa) if more than of class members (by payment volume) opt out of the class. As more than of class members opted out of the class, million has been returned to the defendants million to Visa). 
 
 This amended settlement agreement is subject to court approval. Following preliminary approval in January 2019, and after class notice, the submission of opt-outs, and the filing of objections, the district court granted final approval of the settlement in December 2019. Several objectors have appealed the district court s order granting final approval to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Oral argument of this appeal was held on March 16, 2022. Some merchants that opted out from the settlement have brought lawsuits against Visa and Mastercard and one or more of the issuing banks. Resolution by Visa of claims by merchants that opted out of the settlement, including those that file lawsuits, have been or will be paid from the Visa litigation escrow account. 
 
 National City and National City Bank entered into judgment and loss sharing agreements with Visa and certain other banks with respect to all of the above referenced litigation. We were not originally named as defendants in any of the Visa or Mastercard related antitrust litigation nor were we initially parties to the judgment or loss sharing agreements. However, we became responsible for National City s and National City Bank s position in the litigation and responsibilities under the agreements through our acquisition of National City. In addition, following Visa s reorganization in 2007 in contemplation of its initial public offering, U.S. Visa members received shares of Class B Visa common stock, convertible upon resolution of specified litigation, including the remaining litigation described above, into shares of Class A Visa common stock, with the conversion rate adjusted to reflect amounts paid or escrowed to resolve the specified litigation, and also remained responsible for indemnifying Visa against the specified litigation. Our Class B Visa common stock is all subject to this conversion adjustment provision, and we are now responsible for the indemnification obligations of our predecessors as well as ourselves. We have also entered into a Mastercard Settlement and Judgment Sharing Agreement with Mastercard and other financial institution defendants and an Omnibus Agreement Regarding Interchange Litigation Sharing and Settlement Sharing with Visa, Mastercard and other financial institution defendants. The Omnibus Agreement, in substance, apportions resolution of the claims in this litigation into a Visa portion and a Mastercard portion, with the Visa portion being two-thirds and the Mastercard portion being one-third. This apportionment only applies in the case of either a global settlement involving all defendants or an adverse judgment against the defendants, to the extent that damages either are related to the merchants inter-network conspiracy claims or are otherwise not attributed to specific Mastercard or Visa conduct or damages. The Mastercard portion (or any Mastercard-related liability not subject to the Omnibus Agreement) will then be apportioned under the Mastercard Settlement and Judgment Sharing Agreement among Mastercard and PNC and the other financial institution defendants that are parties to this agreement. The responsibility for the Visa portion (or any Visa-related liability not subject to the Omnibus Agreement) will be apportioned under the pre-existing indemnification responsibilities and judgment and loss sharing agreements. 
 
 USAA Patent Infringement Litigation 
 In September 2020, a lawsuit United Services Automobile Association v. PNC Bank N.A. (Case No. 2:20-cv-319)) was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against PNC Bank for patent infringement the first Texas case ). The plaintiff amended its complaint in December 2020. As amended, the complaint alleges that PNC s mobile remote deposit capture systems infringe on four patents owned by the plaintiff. The plaintiff seeks, among other things, a judgment that PNC is infringing 
 176 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

million. In July 2022, the parties submitted briefs on PNC s remaining equitable defenses. In August 2022, the court denied our request for relief, entered final judgment, declined to award enhanced damages for willfulness, and awarded USAA pre-judgment and applicable post-judgment interest. In September 2022, PNC filed its post-trial motions for judgment as a matter of law and for a new trial. 
 
 In July 2021, USAA filed a third lawsuit United Services Automobile Association v. PN C Bank N.A . (Case No. 2:21-cv-246)) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against PNC Bank for patent infringement the third Texas case ). The complaint alleges that PNC s mobile remote deposit capture systems, including its new versions, infringe three additional patents owned by the plaintiff. The plaintiff seeks, among other things, a judgment that PNC is infringing each of the patents, damages for willful infringement, and attorneys fees. In July 2021, we filed motions to dismiss and transfer this action; the court denied these motions in January 2022. In March 2022, the court issued a memorandum opinion and order construing certain claim terms of the patents in suit. In June 2022, the court opened a new case for PNC s patent infringement counterclaims (originally asserted in the first Texas case) the fourth Texas case and consolidated the fourth Texas case into the third Texas case (together, the second consolidated cases ). In September 2022, following a jury trial in the second consolidated cases, a jury found against PNC for infringement of at least one of the two asserted patents and awarded million, and determined that PNC did not willfully infringe the patents. The jury further found that USAA did not infringe any of PNC s asserted patents. On January 23, 2023, USAA filed a motion for a new trial regarding damages in the second consolidated cases. 
 
 In August 2021, USAA filed a lawsuit United Services Automobile Association v. BBVA USA (Case No. 2:21-cv-311)) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against BBVA USA for patent infringement the BBVA USA Texas case ). The complaint alleges that BBVA USA s remote deposit capture systems infringe the same six USAA patents at issue in the first consolidated cases. The plaintiff seeks, among other things, a judgment that BBVA USA is infringing each of the patents, damages for willful infringement, and attorneys fees. In October 2021, BBVA USA was merged into PNC Bank. Also in October 2021, we answered the complaint and asserted counterclaims for a declaratory judgment that the asserted patents are invalid and not infringed. In March 2022, the court entered the parties stipulation to, among other things, proceed under the constructions set forth in the first consolidated cases. In June 2022, the court entered a stipulation proposed by the parties, stayed all deadlines, and administratively closed the matter. 
 
 In January 2022, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board granted institution of inter partes review IPR with respect to petitions filed by PNC for three of the six patents then at issue in the first consolidated cases and in the BBVA USA Texas case. The Patent Trial and 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 177 

178 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

N OTE 22 
 
 Non-bank subsidiaries Interest income Noninterest income (loss) ) Total operating revenue Operating Expense Interest expense Other expense Total operating expense Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries from continuing operations: Bank subsidiaries and bank holding company ) Non-bank subsidiaries ) Income from continuing operations before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations ) Net income from continuing operations Dividends from discontinued operations: Bank subsidiaries and bank holding company Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries from discontinued operations: Bank subsidiaries and bank holding company Income from discontinued operations before taxes Income taxes from discontinued operations Net income from discontinued operations Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Net pension and other postretirement benefit plan activity arising during the period Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 179 

Restricted deposits with banking subsidiary Investments in: Bank subsidiaries and bank holding company Non-bank subsidiaries Loans with affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities Subordinated debt (a) Senior debt (a) Other borrowed funds from affiliates Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (a) See Note 10 Borrowed Funds for additional information on contractual rates and maturity dates of senior debt and subordinated debt for parent company. 
 In connection with certain affiliates commercial and residential mortgage servicing operations, the parent company has committed to maintain such affiliates net worth above minimum requirements. 
 
 ) 2021 2020 
 
 180 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Return on investment in subsidiaries Other ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Investing Activities Proceeds from available for sale securities Net change in loans and securities from affiliates ) ) ) Net change in nonrestricted interest-earning deposits Net cash paid for acquisition ) Other ) ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Net change in other borrowed funds from affiliates ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Preferred stock issuances Preferred stock redemptions ) ) Common and treasury stock issuances Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Preferred stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash And Due From Banks ) ) Net Cash Provided By Discontinued Operations Net Cash Activity From Continuing Operations ) ) Cash and restricted deposits held at banking subsidiary at beginning of year Cash and restricted deposits held at banking subsidiary at end of year 

The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 181 

N OTE 23 
 reportable business segments: 
 Retail Banking 
 Corporate Institutional Banking 
 Asset Management Group 
 
 Results of individual businesses are presented based on our internal management reporting practices. There is no comprehensive, authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to GAAP; therefore, the financial results of our individual businesses are not necessarily comparable with similar information for any other company. We periodically refine our internal methodologies as management reporting practices are enhanced. To the extent significant and practicable, retrospective application of new methodologies is made to prior period reportable business segment results and disclosures to create comparability with the current period. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we divested our entire investment in BlackRock, which had previously been reported as a separate business segment. See Note 2 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity for additional information on the sale and details on our results and cash flow for 2020. 
 
 Total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. These differences are reflected in the Other category in Table 120. Other includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities, including net securities gains or losses, ACL for investment securities, certain trading activities, certain runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, exited businesses and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (GAAP). Assets, revenue and earnings attributable to foreign activities were not material in the periods presented for comparison. 
 
 Financial results are presented, to the extent practicable, as if each business operated on a standalone basis. Additionally, we have aggregated the results for corporate support functions within Other for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 Net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. Assets receive a funding charge and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors. 
 
 We have allocated the ALLL and the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments based on the loan exposures within each business segment s portfolio. Key reserve assumptions and estimation processes react to and are influenced by observed changes in loan portfolio performance experience, the financial strength of the borrower and economic conditions. Key reserve assumptions are periodically updated. 
 182 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

) Noninterest income Total revenue Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization Other noninterest expense Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (benefit) and noncontrolling interests ) Income taxes (benefit) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding noncontrolling interests ) Average Assets 2021 Income Statement Net interest income ) Noninterest income Total revenue Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Other noninterest expense Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (benefit) and noncontrolling interests ) Income taxes (benefit) from continuing operations ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding noncontrolling interests ) Average Assets 2020 Income Statement Net interest income ) Noninterest income Total revenue Provision for (recapture of) credit losses Depreciation and amortization Other noninterest expense Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (benefit) and noncontrolling interests ) Income taxes (benefit) from continuing operations ) Net income from continuing operations Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income from continuing operations excluding noncontrolling interests Average Assets 
 (a) There were no material intersegment revenues for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Business Segment Products and Services 
 
 Retail Banking provides deposit, lending, brokerage, insurance services, investment management and cash management products and services to consumer and small business customers. Our customers are serviced through our branch network, ATMs, call centers, online banking and mobile channels. As a result of the BBVA acquisition, we have become a coast-to-coast retail bank. Our national expansion strategy is designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and a thin branch network as we expand into new markets. Deposit products include checking, savings and money market accounts and certificates of deposit. Lending products include residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto loans, credit cards, education loans and personal and small business 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 183 

operating units: 
 PNC Private Bank provides products and services to emerging affluent, high net worth and ultra high net worth individuals and their families including investment and retirement planning, customized investment management, credit and cash management solutions, trust management and administration. In addition, multi-generational family planning services are also provided to ultra high net worth individuals and their families which include estate, financial, tax, fiduciary and customized performance reporting through PNC Private Bank Hawthorn. 
 Institutional Asset Management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, retirement plan fiduciary investment services to institutional clients including corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities and non-profits. 

N OTE 24 
 reportable business segments: Retail Banking, Corporate Institutional Banking and Asset Management Group. Interest income, income from lease contracts, fair value gains from financial instruments (including derivatives), income from mortgage servicing rights and guarantee products, letter of credit fees, non-refundable fees associated with acquiring or originating a loan and gains from the sale of financial assets are outside of the scope of Topic 606. 
 Effective for the first quarter of 2022, PNC updated the presentation of its noninterest income categorization to be based on product and service type, and accordingly, has changed the basis of presentation of its noninterest income revenue streams to: (i) Asset management and brokerage, (ii) Capital markets related, (iii) Card and cash management, (iv) Lending and deposit services, (v) Residential and commercial mortgage and (vi) Other noninterest income. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, PNC updated the name of the noninterest income line item Capital markets related to Capital markets and advisory. This update did not impact the components of the category. All periods presented herein reflect these changes. For a description of each updated noninterest income revenue stream, see Note 1 Accounting Policies. 
 Table 121 presents the noninterest income recognized within the scope of Topic 606 for each of our three reportable business segments principal products and services, along with the relationship to the noninterest income revenue streams shown on our Consolidated Income Statement. A description of the fee-based revenue and how it is recognized for each segment s principal products and services follows this Table 121. 

184 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Brokerage fees Total asset management and brokerage Card and cash management Treasury management fees Debit card fees Net credit card fees (a) Merchant services Other Total card and cash management Lending and deposit services Deposit account fees Other Total lending and deposit services Residential and commercial mortgage (b) Capital markets and advisory Other Total in-scope noninterest income Out-of-scope noninterest income (c) Noninterest income by business segment Reconciliation to consolidated noninterest income For the year ended December 31, 2022 Total in-scope business segment noninterest income Out-of-scope business segment noninterest income (c) Noninterest income from other segments Noninterest income as shown on the Consolidated Income Statement 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 185 

Brokerage fees Total asset management and brokerage Card and cash management Treasury management fees Debit card fees Net credit card fees (a) Merchant services Other Total card and cash management Lending and deposit services Deposit account fees Other Total lending and deposit services Residential and commercial mortgage (b) Capital markets and advisory Other Total in-scope noninterest income Out-of-scope noninterest income (c) Noninterest income by business segment Reconciliation to consolidated noninterest income For the year ended December 31, 2021 Total in-scope business segment noninterest income Out-of-scope business segment noninterest income (c) Noninterest income from other segments Noninterest income as shown on the Consolidated Income Statement 
 186 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Brokerage fees Total asset management and brokerage Card and cash management Treasury management fees Debit card fees Net credit card fees (a) Merchant services Other Total card and cash management Lending and deposit services Deposit account fees Other Total lending and deposit services Residential and commercial mortgage (b) Capital markets and advisory Other Total in-scope noninterest income Out-of-scope noninterest income (c) Noninterest income by business segment Reconciliation to consolidated noninterest income For the year ended December 31, 2020 Total in-scope business segment noninterest income Out-of-scope business segment noninterest income (c) Noninterest income from other segments Noninterest income as shown on the Consolidated Income Statement 
 (a) Net credit card fees consists of interchange fees of million, million and million and credit card reward costs of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Residential mortgage noninterest income falls under the scope of other accounting and disclosure requirements outside of Topic 606 and is included within the out-of-scope noninterest income line for the Retail Banking segment. 

Retail Banking 
 
 Brokerage Fees 
 Retail Banking earns fee revenue by providing its customers a wide range of investment options through its brokerage services including mutual funds, annuities, stocks, bonds, long-term care and insurance products and managed accounts. We earn fee revenue for transaction-based brokerage services, such as the execution of market trades once the transaction has been completed as of the trade date. In other cases, such as investment management services, we earn fee revenue over the term of the customer contract. 
 
 Treasury Management Fees 
 Retail Banking earns fee revenue by providing customers with receivables and payables management services, funds transfer services, and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services. Treasury management fees are primarily recognized over time as we perform these services. 
 
 Debit Card and Net Credit Card Fees 
 As an issuing bank, Retail Banking earns interchange fee revenue from debit and credit card transactions. By offering card products, we maintain and administer card-related services, such as credit card reward programs, account data and statement information, card activation, card renewals, and card suspension and blockage. Interchange fees are earned when cardholders make purchases and are presented in Table 121 net of credit card reward costs, which are earned by customers when they make purchases. 
 
 Merchant Services 
 Retail Banking earns fee revenue for debit and credit card processing services and products. We provide these services to merchant businesses including point-of-sale payment acceptance capabilities and customized payment processing built around the merchant s specific requirements. We earn fee revenue as the merchant s customers make purchases. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 187 

N OTE 25 
 billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of January 26, 2027 (the 2027 Senior Notes and billion of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of January 24, 2034 (the 2034 Senior Notes ). Interest is payable on the 2027 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of per annum, on January 26 and July 26 of each year, beginning on July 26, 2023. Beginning on January 26, 2026, interest is payable on the 2027 Senior Notes quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus , on April 26, 2026, July 26, 2026, October 26, 2026 and at the maturity date. Interest is payable on the 2034 Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears at a fixed rate of per annum, on January 24 and July 24 of each year, beginning on July 24, 2023. Beginning on January 24, 2033, interest is payable on the 2034 Senior Notes quarterly in arrears at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as described in the Prospectus Supplement), plus , on April 24, 2033, July 24, 2023, October 24, 2033 and at the maturity date. 
 188 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

depositary shares each representing 1/100th ownership in a share of fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series W, with a par value of per share. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 189 

STATISTICAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. 

AVERAGE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AND NET INTEREST ANALYSIS (a) (b) (c) (d) 
 2022 2021 2020 Taxable-equivalent basis Dollars in millions Average Balances Interest Income/ Expense Average Yields/ Rates Average Balances Interest Income/ Expense Average Yields/ Rates Average Balances Interest Income/ Expense Average Yields/ Rates Assets Interest-earning assets: Investment securities Securities available for sale Residential mortgage-backed Agency 42,151 889 2.11 57,325 881 1.54 50,594 1,109 2.19 Non-agency 842 64 7.60 1,100 84 7.64 1,480 109 7.36 Commercial mortgage-backed 4,107 104 2.53 6,093 149 2.45 6,865 183 2.67 Asset-backed 2,184 37 1.69 5,745 99 1.72 5,090 129 2.53 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 21,642 314 1.45 34,394 448 1.30 17,234 324 1.88 Other 3,982 102 2.56 4,852 144 2.97 4,564 160 3.51 Total securities available for sale 74,908 1,510 2.02 109,509 1,805 1.65 85,827 2,014 2.35 Securities held to maturity Residential mortgage-backed 29,325 677 2.31 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,400 51 3.64 Asset-backed 4,446 122 2.74 18 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 25,074 300 1.20 805 23 2.86 786 22 2.80 Other 1,996 87 4.31 660 27 4.09 648 28 4.32 Total securities held to maturity 62,241 1,237 1.99 1,465 50 3.41 1,452 50 3.44 Total investment securities 137,149 2,747 2.00 110,974 1,855 1.67 87,279 2,064 2.36 Loans Commercial and industrial 168,663 6,079 3.60 143,389 4,180 2.92 139,254 4,276 3.07 Commercial real estate 34,954 1,389 3.97 33,159 991 2.99 28,765 858 2.98 Equipment lease financing 6,196 238 3.84 6,286 240 3.82 6,812 263 3.86 Consumer 54,721 2,814 5.14 54,338 2,602 4.79 55,423 2,730 4.93 Residential real estate 43,165 1,366 3.16 31,524 1,047 3.32 22,379 852 3.81 Total loans 307,699 11,886 3.86 268,696 9,060 3.37 252,633 8,979 3.55 Interest-earning deposits with banks 41,050 578 1.41 79,869 103 0.13 47,333 100 0.21 Other interest-earning assets 9,651 337 3.50 8,539 190 2.23 9,553 239 2.50 Total interest-earning assets/interest income 495,549 15,548 3.14 468,078 11,208 2.39 396,798 11,382 2.87 Noninterest-earning assets 55,103 55,088 52,497 Total assets 550,652 523,166 449,295 Liabilities and Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits Money market 61,376 444 0.72 68,124 19 0.03 60,229 138 0.23 Demand 118,749 583 0.49 101,471 30 0.03 82,295 109 0.13 Savings 106,577 176 0.17 91,194 44 0.05 75,574 233 0.31 Time deposits 12,340 64 0.52 18,439 33 0.18 20,673 163 0.79 Total interest-bearing deposits 299,042 1,267 0.42 279,228 126 0.05 238,771 643 0.27 Borrowed funds Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 13,674 440 3.22 661 3 0.45 9,470 103 1.09 Senior debt 16,265 401 2.47 22,390 224 1.00 27,030 428 1.58 Subordinated debt 7,081 206 2.91 6,432 86 1.34 5,936 112 1.89 Other 5,430 108 1.99 5,025 48 0.96 5,502 75 1.36 Total borrowed funds 42,450 1,155 2.72 34,508 361 1.05 47,938 718 1.50 Total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense 341,492 2,422 0.71 313,736 487 0.16 286,709 1,361 0.47 Noninterest-bearing liabilities and equity: Noninterest-bearing deposits 144,382 139,683 95,055 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,414 15,299 15,774 Equity 48,364 54,448 51,757 Total liabilities and equity 550,652 523,166 449,295 Interest rate spread 2.43 2.23 2.40 Benefit from use of noninterest bearing sources 0.22 0.06 0.13 Net interest income/margin 13,126 2.65 10,721 2.29 10,021 2.53 
 (a) Calculated using average daily balances. 
 (b) Nonaccrual loans are included in loans, net of unearned income. The impact of financial derivatives used in interest rate risk management is included in the interest income/expense and average yields/rates of the related assets and liabilities. Basis adjustments related to hedged items are included in noninterest-earning assets and noninterest-bearing liabilities. Average balances of securities are based on amortized historical cost (excluding adjustments to fair value, which are included in other assets). Average balances for certain loans and borrowed funds accounted for at fair value are included in noninterest-earning assets and noninterest-bearing liabilities, with changes in fair value recorded in Noninterest income. 
 (c) Loan fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 188 million, 208 million and 156 million, respectively. 
 (d) Interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. To provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margin by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. This adjustment is not permitted under GAAP. See Reconciliation of Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income in this Statistical Information section for more information. 
 190 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

A NALYSIS OF Y EAR - T O - Y EAR C HANGES I N N ET I NTEREST I NCOME (a) (b) 
 2022/2021 2021/2020 Taxable-equivalent basis Increase/(Decrease) in Income/ Expense Due to Changes in: Increase/(Decrease) in Income/ Expense Due to Changes in: In millions Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest-Earning Assets Investment securities Securities available for sale Residential mortgage-backed Agency (269) 277 8 134 (362) (228) Non-agency (20) (20) (29) 4 (25) Commercial mortgage-backed (50) 5 (45) (20) (14) (34) Asset-backed (60) (2) (62) 15 (45) (30) U.S. Treasury and government agencies (181) 47 (134) 247 (123) 124 Other (24) (18) (42) 10 (26) (16) Total securities available for sale (644) 349 (295) 476 (685) (209) Securities held to maturity Residential mortgage-backed 677 677 Commercial mortgage-backed 51 51 Asset-backed 122 122 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 297 (20) 277 Other 59 1 60 1 (1) Total securities held to maturity 1,217 (30) 1,187 Total investment securities 485 407 892 481 (690) (209) Loans Commercial and industrial 811 1,088 1,899 125 (221) (96) Commercial real estate 56 342 398 131 2 133 Equipment lease financing (3) 1 (2) (20) (3) (23) Consumer 18 194 212 (53) (75) (128) Residential real estate 370 (51) 319 314 (119) 195 Total loans 1,411 1,415 2,826 555 (474) 81 Interest-earning deposits with banks (73) 548 475 52 (49) 3 Other interest-earning assets 27 120 147 (24) (25) (49) Total interest-earning assets 684 3,656 4,340 1,883 (2,057) (174) Interest-Bearing Liabilities Interest-bearing deposits Money market (2) 427 425 16 (135) (119) Demand 6 547 553 21 (100) (79) Savings 8 124 132 40 (229) (189) Time deposits (14) 45 31 (16) (114) (130) Total interest-bearing deposits 10 1,131 1,141 94 (611) (517) Borrowed funds Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 335 102 437 (62) (38) (100) Senior debt (75) 252 177 (64) (140) (204) Subordinated debt 10 110 120 9 (35) (26) Other 4 56 60 (7) (20) (27) Total borrowed funds 100 694 794 (172) (185) (357) Total interest-bearing liabilities 48 1,887 1,935 113 (987) (874) Change in net interest income 654 1,751 2,405 1,704 (1,004) 700 
 (a) Changes attributable to rate/volume are prorated into rate and volume components. 
 (b) Interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. To provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. This adjustment is not permitted under GAAP. See Reconciliation of Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income in this Statistical Information section for more information. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 191 

Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 PNC reports certain financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided as supplemental information to the financial measures in this Report that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. While we believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful tools for the purpose of evaluating certain financial results, they should not be considered superior to and are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures presented in this Report. 
 
 R ECONCILIATION OF T AXABLE - E QUIVALENT N ET I NTEREST I NCOME (non - GAAP) (a) 
 Year ended December 31 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income (GAAP) 13,014 10,647 9,946 Taxable-equivalent adjustments 112 74 75 Net interest income (non-GAAP) 13,126 10,721 10,021 
 (a) The interest income earned on certain earning assets is completely or partially exempt from federal income tax. As such, these tax-exempt instruments typically yield lower returns than taxable investments. To provide more meaningful comparisons of net interest income, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. This adjustment is not permitted under GAAP. 

R ECONCILIATION OF T ANGIBLE B OOK V ALUE P ER C OMMON S HARE (non - GAAP) 
 December 31 Dollars in millions, except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Book value per common share 99.93 120.61 119.11 Tangible book value per common share Common shareholders equity 40,028 50,685 50,493 Goodwill and other intangible assets (11,400) (11,406) (9,381) Deferred tax liabilities on goodwill and other intangible assets 261 270 188 Tangible common shareholders equity 28,889 39,549 41,300 Period-end common shares outstanding (in millions) 401 420 424 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) (a) 72.12 94.11 97.43 
 (a) Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP measure and is calculated based on tangible common shareholders equity divided by period-end common shares outstanding. We believe this non-GAAP measure serves as a useful tool to help evaluate the strength and discipline of a company s capital management strategies and as an additional, conservative measure of total company value. 

S ELECTED L OAN M ATURITIES AND I NTEREST S ENSITIVITY 
 Loans Due After 1 Year Contractual Maturity Range December 31, 2022 
 In millions 
 Predetermined Rate Floating or Adjustable Rate 1 Year or Less After 1 Year Through 5 Years After 5 Years Through 15 Years After 15 Years Gross Loans Commercial Commercial and industrial 20,235 121,380 40,604 125,101 13,440 3,074 182,219 Commercial real estate 6,489 19,408 10,419 20,780 4,265 852 36,316 Equipment lease financing 4,531 145 1,838 4,017 659 6,514 Total commercial 31,255 140,933 52,861 149,898 18,364 3,926 225,049 Consumer Residential real estate 29,609 14,533 1,747 5,408 14,613 24,121 45,889 Home equity 14,237 10,388 1,358 4,716 8,433 11,476 25,983 Automobile 10,847 3,989 10,000 847 14,836 Credit card 7,069 7,069 Education 552 1,443 178 715 1,121 159 2,173 Other consumer 1,279 360 3,387 1,528 111 5,026 Total consumer 56,524 26,724 17,728 22,367 25,125 35,756 100,976 Total loans 87,779 167,657 70,589 172,265 43,489 39,682 326,025 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 39.9 billion notional amount of receive-fixed interest rate swaps were designated as part of cash flow hedging strategies that converted the floating rate (LIBOR/SOFR) on the underlying commercial loans to a fixed rate as part of risk management strategies. 

192 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Uninsured Deposits 
 The aggregate amount of uninsured deposits, defined as (i) the portion of deposit accounts in U.S. offices that exceed the FDIC insurance limit or similar state deposit insurance regime and (ii) amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit accounts that are classified as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regime were estimated to be 200.0 billion and 197.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The portion of U.S. time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit or similar state deposit regime was 9.3 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 193 

GLOSSARY 
 
 D EFINED T ERMS 
 
 2019 Tailoring Rules Rules adopted by the federal banking agencies to better tailor the application of their capital, liquidity, and enhanced prudential requirements for banking organizations to the asset size and risk profile (as measured by certain regulatory metrics) of the banking organization. Effective January 1, 2020, the agencies capital and liquidity rules classify all BHCs with 100 billion or more in total assets into one of four categories (Category I, Category II, Category III, and Category IV). 
 
 Adjusted average total assets Primarily consisted of total average quarterly (or annual) assets plus/less unrealized losses (gains) on investment securities, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets (net of eligible deferred taxes). 
 
 Allowance for credit losses (ACL) A valuation account that is deducted from or added to the amortized cost basis of the related 
 financial assets to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. 
 
 Amortized cost basis Amount at which a financial asset is originated or acquired, adjusted for applicable accretion or amortization of premiums, discounts and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, charge-offs, foreign exchange and fair value hedge accounting adjustments. 
 
 Basel III common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital (Tailoring Rules) Common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock, plus retained earnings, less goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities, less other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities and plus/less other adjustments. Investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets, must then be deducted to the extent such items (net of associated deferred tax liabilities) individually exceed 25 of our adjusted Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital. 
 
 Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio Common equity Tier 1 capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable). 
 
 Basel III Tier 1 capital Common equity Tier 1 capital, plus qualifying preferred stock, plus certain trust preferred capital securities, plus certain noncontrolling interests that are held by others and plus/less other adjustments. 
 
 Basel III Tier 1 capital ratio Basel III Tier 1 capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable). 
 
 Basel III Total capital Tier 1 capital plus qualifying subordinated debt, plus certain trust preferred securities, plus, under the Basel III transitional rules and the standardized approach, the allowance for loan and lease losses included in Tier 2 capital and other. 
 
 Basel III Total capital ratio Basel III Total capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable). 
 
 Basel Committee Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
 
 BBVA BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 BBVA USA BBVA USA, the Alabama-chartered bank subsidiary of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 BlackRock BlackRock, Inc. 
 
 Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) BSBY is a series of credit sensitive reference rates that incorporate bank credit spreads and defines a forward term structure. BSBY seeks to measure the average yields at which large global banks access senior unsecured marginal wholesale funding. 
 
 Charge-off Process of removing a loan or portion of a loan from our balance sheet because it is considered uncollectible. We also record a charge-off when a loan is transferred from portfolio holdings to held for sale by reducing the loan carrying amount to the fair value of the loan, if fair value is less than carrying amount. 
 
 Collateral dependent loans Loans expected to be repaid substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral underlying the loan when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, and for which we have elected to measure the loan at the estimated fair value of collateral (less costs to sell if sale or foreclosure of the property is expected). Additionally, we consider a loan to be collateral dependent when foreclosure or liquidation of the underlying collateral is probable. 
 
 194 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Combined loan-to-value ratio (CLTV) This is the aggregate principal balance(s) of the mortgages on a property divided by its appraised value or purchase price. 
 
 Common shareholders equity Total shareholders equity less the liquidation value of preferred stock. 
 
 Company The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (interchangeable with PNC, we, us, the Company or the Corporation on this Report). 
 
 COVID-19 The coronavirus that emerged in late 2019, which resulted in a worldwide pandemic beginning in 2020 (interchangeable with the pandemic or the COVID-19 pandemic in this Report). 
 
 Credit valuation adjustment Represents an adjustment to the fair value of our derivatives for our own and counterparties non-performance risk. 
 
 Criticized commercial loans Loans with potential or identified weaknesses based upon internal risk ratings that comply with the regulatory classification definitions of special mention, substandard or doubtful. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) Methodology for estimating the ACL on in-scope financial assets held at amortized cost and unfunded lending related commitments, which uses a combination of expected losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period, a reversion period and long run average credit losses for their estimated contractual term. 
 
 Discretionary client assets under management Assets over which we have sole or shared investment authority for our customers/clients. We do not include these assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Earning assets Assets that generate income, which include: interest-earning deposits with banks, loans held for sale, loans, investment securities and certain other assets. 
 
 Effective duration A measurement, expressed in years, that, when multiplied by a change in interest rates, would approximate the percentage change in value of on- and off- balance sheet positions. 
 
 Efficiency Noninterest expense divided by total revenue. 
 
 Estimated contractual term - In the context of CECL, the contractual term of the financial asset or credit exposure, adjusted for estimated draws and prepayments, certain embedded extension options and extensions granted under troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Exposure at default (EAD) The credit exposure estimated to be outstanding in the event of default of a credit obligor. 
 
 Fair value The price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 Federal Reserve The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 Fee income Refers to the following categories within Noninterest income: Asset management and brokerage, Capital markets and advisory, Card and cash management, Lending and deposit services, and Residential and commercial mortgage. 
 
 FICO score A credit bureau-based industry standard score created by Fair Isaac Co. which predicts the likelihood of borrower default. We use FICO scores both in underwriting and assessing credit risk in our consumer lending portfolio. Lower FICO scores indicate likely higher risk of default, while higher FICO scores indicate likely lower risk of default. 
 
 Foreign exchange contracts Contracts that provide for the future receipt and delivery of foreign currency at previously agreed-upon terms. 
 
 Futures and forward contracts Contracts in which the buyer agrees to purchase and the seller agrees to deliver a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. May be settled either in cash or by delivery of the underlying financial instrument. 
 
 Home price index (HPI) A broad measure of the movement of single-family house prices in the U.S. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 195 

Interest rate swap contracts Contracts that are entered into primarily as an asset/liability management strategy to reduce interest rate risk. Interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest rate payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate payments, based on notional principal amounts. 
 
 Intrinsic value The difference between the price, if any, required to be paid for stock issued pursuant to an equity compensation arrangement and the fair market value of the underlying stock. 
 
 Leverage ratio Basel III Tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets. 
 
 London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR) LIBOR is the average interest rate charged when banks in the London wholesale money market (or interbank market) borrow unsecured funds from each other. 
 
 Loan-to-value ratio (LTV) A calculation of a loan s collateral coverage that is used both in underwriting and assessing credit risk in our lending portfolio. LTV is the sum total of loan obligations secured by collateral divided by the market value of that same collateral. Market value of the collateral is based on an independent valuation of the collateral. For example, a LTV of less than 90 is better secured and has less credit risk than a LTV of greater than or equal to 90 . 
 
 Long run average In the context of CECL, expected credit losses or credit risk parameters for the remaining estimated 
 contractual maturity beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast and reversion periods. The long run average is generally derived 
 from historical loss information and current portfolio characteristics, without considering current or forecasted conditions. 
 
 Loss given default (LGD) Assuming a credit obligor enters default status, an estimate of loss, based on collateral type, collateral 
 value, loan exposure and other factors. LGD is net of recovery, through any means, including but not limited to the liquidation of 
 collateral or deficiency judgments rendered from foreclosure or bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans Loans for which we do not accrue interest income. Nonaccrual loans include nonperforming loans, in addition to loans accounted for under fair value option and loans accounted for as held for sale for which full collection of contractual principal and/or interest is not probable. 
 
 Nondiscretionary client assets under administration Assets we hold for our customers/clients in a nondiscretionary, custodial capacity. We do not include these assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Nonperforming assets Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans, OREO and foreclosed assets. We do not accrue interest income on assets classified as nonperforming. 
 
 Nonperforming loans Loans accounted for at amortized cost whose credit quality has deteriorated to the extent that full collection of contractual principal and interest is not probable, including TDRs which have not returned to performing status. Interest income is not recognized on nonperforming loans. Nonperforming loans exclude certain government insured or guaranteed loans for which we expect to collect substantially all principal and interest, loans held for sale, and loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 
 Notional amount The basis to which the underlying referenced interest rate, security price, credit spread or other index is applied to determine required payments under the derivative contract. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements Activities that involve entities that are not consolidated or otherwise reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Operating leverage The period to period dollar or percentage change in total revenue less the dollar or percentage change in noninterest expense. A positive variance indicates that revenue growth exceeded expense growth i.e. , positive operating leverage) while a negative variance implies expense growth exceeded revenue growth i.e. , negative operating leverage). 
 
 Options Contracts that grant the purchaser, for a premium payment, the right, but not the obligation, to either purchase or sell the associated financial instrument at a set price during a specified period or at a specified date in the future. 
 
 Other real estate owned (OREO) and foreclosed assets Assets taken in settlement of troubled loans primarily through deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or foreclosure. Foreclosed assets include real and personal property. Certain assets that have a government-guarantee which are classified as other receivables are excluded. 
 
 PNC Bank PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 Probability of default (PD) An estimate of the likelihood that a credit obligor will enter default status. 
 
 196 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Purchased credit deteriorated assets (PCD) Acquired loans or debt securities that, at acquisition, are determined to have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination or issuance. 
 
 Reasonable and supportable forecast period In the context of CECL, the period for which forecasts and projections of 
 macroeconomic variables have been determined to be reasonable and supportable, and are used as inputs for ACL measurement. 
 
 Recovery Cash proceeds received on a loan that we had previously charged-off. We credit the amount received to the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 
 Reversion period In the context of CECL, the period between the end of the reasonable and supportable forecast period and the point 
 at which losses are expected to have reverted to their long run average, in order to reflect an overall reasonable estimate of expected 
 credit losses. 
 
 Risk appetite A dynamic, forward-looking view on the aggregate amount of risk we are willing and able to take in executing business strategy in light of the current business environment. 
 
 Risk limits Quantitative measures based on forward-looking assumptions that allocate our aggregate risk appetite e.g., measure of loss or negative events) to business lines, legal entities, specific risk categories, concentrations and as appropriate, other levels. 
 
 Risk profile The risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of risk. The profile represents overall risk position in relation to the desired risk appetite. The determination of the risk profile s position is based on qualitative and quantitative analysis of reported risk limits, metrics, operating guidelines and qualitative assessments. 
 
 Risk-weighted assets Computed by the assignment of specific risk-weights (as defined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) to assets and off-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) SOFR is a reference rate that is based on overnight transactions in the U.S. Treasury repurchase market. 
 
 Servicing rights Intangible assets or liabilities created by an obligation to service assets for others. Typical servicing rights include the right to receive a fee for collecting and forwarding payments on loans and related taxes and insurance premiums held in escrow. 
 
 Supplementary leverage exposure The sum of adjusted average assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures, including undrawn credit commitments and derivative potential future exposures. 
 
 Supplementary leverage ratio Basel III Tier 1 capital divided by Supplementary leverage exposure. 
 
 Taxable-equivalent interest income The interest income earned on certain assets that is completely or partially exempt from federal income tax. These tax-exempt instruments typically yield lower returns than taxable investments. 
 
 Troubled debt restructuring (TDR) A loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. 
 
 Unfunded lending related commitments Standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, commitments to extend credit and similar 
 unfunded obligations that are not unilaterally, unconditionally, cancellable at PNC s option. 
 
 Value-at-risk (VaR) A statistically-based measure of risk that describes the amount of potential loss which may be incurred due to adverse market movements. The measure is of the maximum loss which should not be exceeded on 95 out of 100 days for a 95 VaR. 
 
 Yield curve A graph showing the relationship between the yields on financial instruments or market indices of the same credit quality with different maturities. For example, a normal or positive yield curve exists when long-term bonds have higher yields than short-term bonds. A flat yield curve exists when yields are the same for short-term and long-term bonds. A steep yield curve exists when yields on long-term bonds are significantly higher than on short-term bonds. An inverted or negative yield curve exists when short-term bonds have higher yields than long-term bonds. 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 197 

A CRONYMS 
 ACL Allowance for credit losses GNMA Government National Mortgage Association ALLL Allowance for loan and lease losses GSIB Globally systemically important bank AML Anti-Money Laundering HPI Home price index AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income ISDA International Swaps and Dealer Association ASC Accounting Standards Codification ISP The PNC Incentive Savings Plan ASU Accounting Standards Update LCR Liquidity Coverage Ratio BEC Business email compromise scams LGD Loss given default BHC Bank holding company LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate BHC Act Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 LIHTC Low income housing tax credit bps Basis points LLC Limited liability company BSA Bank Secrecy Act LTV Loan-to-value ratio BSBY Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act MSR Mortgage servicing right CCAR Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review NAV Net asset value CECL Current Expected Credit Losses NSFR Net Stable Funding Ratio CET1 Common equity tier 1 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau OCI Other comprehensive income CFTC Commodity Futures Trading Commission OREO Other real estate owned CLTV Combined loan-to-value ratio OTC Over-the-counter CRA Community Reinvestment Act OTTI Other than temporary impairment DFAST Dodd-Frank capital stress testing PCD Purchased credit deteriorated DUS Delegated Underwriting and Servicing program PD Probability of default EAD Exposure at default PPP Paycheck Protection Program ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended RAC Reserve Adequacy Committee ERM Enterprise Risk Management ROAPs Removal of account provisions FDI Act Federal Deposit Insurance Act ROU Right-of-use assets FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SCB Stress capital buffer FHA Federal Housing Administration SCCL Single counterparty credit limit FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank SEC Securities and Exchange Commission FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FICO Fair Isaac Corporation (credit score) SPE Special purpose entity FinCEN Financial Crimes Enforcement Network TDR Troubled debt restructuring FINRA Financial Industry Regulatory Authority U.S. United States of America FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association USD United States Dollar FOMC Federal Open Market Committee VA Department of Veterans Affairs FSOC Financial Stability Oversight Council VaR Value-at-risk GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America VEBA Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association GDP Gross Domestic Product VIE Variable interest entity GLB Act Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 M ANAGEMENT S R EPORT ON I NTERNAL C ONTROL OVER F INANCIAL R EPORTING 
 The management of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (PNC) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 198 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

We performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of PNC s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that PNC maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Report, has also audited the effectiveness of PNC s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is included under Item 8 of this Report. 
 D ISCLOSURE C ONTROLS AND P ROCEDURES AND C HANGES IN I NTERNAL C ONTROL OVER F INANCIAL R EPORTING 
 As of December 31, 2022, we performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures and of changes in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Based on that evaluation, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective as of December 31, 2022, and that there has been no change in PNC s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Certain of the information regarding our directors (or nominees for director), executive officers and Audit Committee (and Audit Committee financial experts), required by this item is included under the captions Election of Directors (Item 1), and Corporate Governance Board committees Audit Committee, in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Additional information regarding our executive officers is included in Part I of this Report under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 Information regarding our compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is included, to the extent necessary, under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Certain information regarding our PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics required by this item is included under the captions Corporate Governance Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Director and Executive Officer Relationships Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Our PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our corporate website at www.pnc.com/corporategovernance. In addition, any future amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the PNC Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors or executive officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller) will be posted at this internet address. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Corporate Governance Board committees Human Resources Committee Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation, Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation and Risk, Compensation Tables, Change in Control and Termination of Employment and CEO Pay Ratio in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. In accordance with Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K, the information set forth under the caption Compensation Committee Report in such Proxy Statement will be deemed to be furnished in this Report and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act as a result of furnishing the disclosure in this manner. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 199 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included under the caption Security Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding our compensation plans under which PNC equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022 is included in the table which follows. For additional information regarding these plans, see Note 18 Stock Based Compensation Plans. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 At December 31, 2022 (a) (b) (c) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 4,324,886 (2) 63.87 20,020,179 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 4,324,886 63.87 20,020,179 
 (1) The weighted-average exercise price does not take into account restricted stock units or incentive performance units because they have no exercise price. 
 (2) Of this total, the following amounts relate to the 2016 Incentive Award Plan (2016 Incentive Plan), approved by shareholders on April 26, 2016: 3,338,653 are stock-payable restricted stock units (at a maximum share award level), 871,648 are performance share units (at maximum share award level) and 59,658 are deferred stock units (at a maximum share award level). Also included in this total are the following amounts that relate to the 2006 Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated (2006 Incentive Plan): 10,750 are stock options and 44,177 are stock-payable restricted stock units (at a maximum award level). 
 Following shareholder approval of the 2016 Incentive Plan, no further grants were permitted under the 2006 Incentive Plan, and the balance of shares authorized but unissued under the 2006 Incentive Plan were made available under the 2016 Incentive Plan. 
 (3) Includes 1,786,148 shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, of which 106,038 shares are subject to purchase during the purchase period ending December 31, 2022. The amount available for awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan is 18,234,031. 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions Director and Executive Officer Relationships Director independence, Transactions with directors, Family relationships, and Indemnification and advancement of costs and Related Person Transactions in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

200 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS, F INANCIAL S TATEMENT S CHEDULES 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements required in response to this Item are incorporated by reference from Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 E XHIBIT I NDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 2.1.1 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2020, between Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 19, 2020 
 2.1.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Purchase Agreement 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1.2 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 
 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, effective January 2, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 3.1.2 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series O dated July 21, 2011 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 27, 2011 3.1.3 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series P dated April 19, 2012 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 24, 2012 3.1.4 Statement with Respect to Shares of 5.375 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series Q dated September 14, 2012 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2012 3.1.5 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series R dated May 2, 2013 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2013 3.1.6 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, effective November 19, 2015 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 20, 2015 3.1.7 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series S dated October 27, 2016 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2016 3.1.8 Statement with Respect to Shares of the 3.400 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series T 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2021 3.1.9 Statement with Respect to Shares of the 6.000 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series U 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 3.1.10 Statement with Respect to Shares of the 6.200 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series V 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022 3.1.11 Statement with Respect to Shares of the 6.250 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series W 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2023 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation effective February 10, 2022 
 Filed herewith 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 201 

Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 4.1 There are no instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Corporation and its subsidiaries that involve a total amount of securities authorized thereunder that exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Corporation agrees to provide the SEC with a copy of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Corporation and its subsidiaries on request. 4.2 Deposit Agreement dated July 27, 2011, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Computershare Inc. and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series O preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 27, 2011 4.3 Deposit Agreement, dated April 24, 2012, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Computershare Inc. and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series P preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 24, 2012 4.4 Deposit Agreement, dated May 7, 2013, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Computershare Inc. and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series R preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2013 
 4.5 Deposit Agreement, dated November 1, 2016, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Computershare Inc. and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series S preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2016 4.6 Deposit Agreement, dated September 13, 2021, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Computershare Inc. and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series T preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2021 
 4.7 Deposit Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series U preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 4.8 Deposit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2022, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series V preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022 4.9 Deposit Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2023, between the Corporation, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts representing interests in the Series W preferred stock 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2023 4.10 Form of PNC Bank, National Association Subordinated Fixed Rate Global Bank Note issued prior to January 16, 2014 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004 4.11.1 
 Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, dated January 16, 2014, between PNC Bank, National Association and PNC Bank, National Association, relating to the 25 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.25 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 
 202 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 4.11.2 Amendment No. 1 to Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, dated May 22, 2015, between PNC Bank, National Association and PNC Bank, National Association, relating to the 30 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.21.2 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 4.11.3 Amendment No. 2 to Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, dated May 27, 2016, between PNC Bank, National Association and PNC Bank, National Association, relating to the 40 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.20.3 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 4.12 Forms of PNC Bank, National Association Senior Global Bank Notes issued after January 16, 2014 (included in Exhibit 4.11.1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.25 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 4.13 Forms of PNC Bank, National Association Subordinated Global Bank Notes issued on or after May 22, 2015 (included in Exhibit 4.11.2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.21.2 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 4.14 Description of the Corporation s Securities 
 Filed herewith 10.1.1 The Corporation s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.1.2 Amendment 2009-1 to the Corporation s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 10.1.3 Amendment 2013-1 to the Corporation s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 10.2 The Corporation s ERISA Excess Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2023 
 Filed herewith 10.3.1 The Corporation s Key Executive Equity Program, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.3.2 Amendment 2009-1 to the Corporation s Key Executive Equity Program, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 10.4.1 The Corporation s Supplemental Incentive Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2010 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 10.4.2 Amendment 2013-1 to the Corporation s Supplemental Incentive Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2010 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 10.5.1 The Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 10.5.2 Amendment 2009-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 10.5.3 Amendment 2010-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 10.5.4 Amendment 2011-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 203 

Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 10.5.5 Amendment 2012-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 10.5.6 Amendment 2013-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 5, 2009 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.6 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 10.6.1 The Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2020 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6.3 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 10.6.2 Amendment 2021-1 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2020 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6.1 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 10.6.3 Amendment 2021-2 to the Corporation and Affiliates Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2020 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6.3 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 10.7 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Corporation s Form S-8 (File No. 333-210995) filed April 29, 2016 10.8.1 The Corporation s 2006 Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated effective as of March 11, 2011 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.70 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 10.8.2 Addendum to the Corporation s 2006 Incentive Award Plan, effective as of January 26, 2012 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 10.9 The Corporation s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2015 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 10.10 The Corporation s 2016 Incentive Award Plan Directors Deferred Stock Unit Program effective January 1, 2017 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 10.11 Trust Agreement between the Corporation, as settlor, and Matrix Trust Company, as trustee 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 10.12 Trust Agreement between PNC Investment Corp., as settlor, and PNC Bank, National Association, as trustee 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 10.13 Certificate of Corporate Action for Grantor Trusts effective January 1, 2012 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 10.14 Certificate of Corporate Action for Grantor Trusts effective December 1, 2021 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 10.15 The Corporation s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2020 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Corporation s Form S-8 (File No. 333-238049) filed May 6, 2020 
 
 10.16 2013 forms of employee stock option and restricted share unit agreements 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 10.17 Additional 2013 forms of employee stock option, performance unit, restricted stock and restricted share unit agreements 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.82 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 
 204 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 10.18 2020 Form of Performance Share Units Award Agreement 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.19 2020 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.20 2020 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement - Senior Leader Program 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.21 2021 Form of Performance Share Units Award Agreement 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 10.22 2021 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 10.23 2021 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement Senior Leader Program 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 10.24 2022 Form of Performance Share Units Award Agreement 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 10.25 2022 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 10.26 2022 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement Senior Leader Program 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 10.27 2022 Form of Performance Restricted Share Units Award Agreement 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 10.28 Form of Time Sharing Agreement between the Corporation and certain executives 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 
 10.29 Form of change of control employment agreements 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2016 
 10.30.1 The National City Corporation 2004 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of National City Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 10.30.2 Amendment to The National City Corporation 2004 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.56 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 10.31.1 Distribution Agreement, dated January 16, 2014, between PNC Bank, National Association and the Dealers named therein, relating to the 25 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 10.31.2 Amendment No. 1 to Distribution Agreement, dated May 22, 2015, between PNC Bank, National Association and the Dealers named therein, relating to the 30 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47.2 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 205 

Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing + 10.31.3 Amendment No. 2 to Distribution Agreement, dated May 27, 2016, between PNC Bank, National Association and the Dealers named therein, relating to the 40 billion Global Bank Note Program for the Issue of Senior and Subordinated Bank Notes 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48.3 of the Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 21 Schedule of Certain Subsidiaries of the Corporation 
 Filed herewith 22 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Corporation s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 24 Powers of Attorney 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 + Incorporated document references to filings by the Corporation are to SEC File No. 001-09718, and to filings by National City Corporation are to SEC File No. 001-10074. Denotes management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL. 
 You can obtain copies of these Exhibits electronically at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The Exhibits are also available as part of this Form 10-K on PNC s corporate website at www.pnc.com/secfilings. Shareholders and bondholders may also obtain copies of Exhibits, without charge, by contacting Shareholder Relations at 800-843-2206 or via e-mail at investor.relations@pnc.com. The Interactive Data File (XBRL) exhibit is only available electronically. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 206 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 (Registrant) 
 
 By: /s/ Robert Q. Reilly Robert Q. Reilly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 
 
 Signature Capacities /s/ William S. Demchak Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director William S. Demchak (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert Q. Reilly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert Q. Reilly (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Gregory H. Kozich Senior Vice President and Controller Gregory H. Kozich (Principal Accounting Officer) Joseph Alvarado; Debra A. Cafaro; Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire; Andrew T. Feldstein; Richard J. Harshman; Daniel R. Hesse; Renu Khator, Linda R. Medler, Robert A. Niblock, Martin Pfinsgraff; Bryan Salesky, Toni Townes-Whitley; Michael J. Ward Directors 
 
 By: /s/ Laura Gleason Laura Gleason, Attorney-in-Fact, pursuant to Powers of Attorney filed herewith 
 
 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 207 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ex32corpbylaws172022fina.htm
 EX-3.2

ex32corpbylaws172022fina 

1 BYLAWS OF THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. Amended and Restated effective as of February 10, 2022 Article I. PRINCIPAL OFFICE The principal office of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. Corporation shall be located at The Tower at PNC Plaza, 300 Fifth Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Article II. SHAREHOLDERS 1. Shareholder Meetings 1.1 Annual Meetings. An annual meeting of the shareholders for the election of directors of the Corporation and the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting shall be held at 11 a.m. on the fourth Wednesday in April of each year, or on such other date or hour as may be fixed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation Board ). 1.2 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board Chair or the Chief Executive Officer CEO or by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. Only business brought before a special meeting of the shareholders pursuant to the Corporation s notice of the meeting shall be conducted at the meeting. 2. Director Nominations and Other Business. 2.1 Annual Meetings of Shareholders. (1) Nominations for Election of Directors. (a) Nominations for election of directors may be made only (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of such meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of a majority of the Board, (iii) by one (1) or more shareholders of the Corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in Exhibit 3.2 

2 these Bylaws and will be such at the time of the annual meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in Sections 2.1(2) and 2.1(3) of these Bylaws as to such nomination, or (iv) by an Eligible Shareholder (as defined in Section 2.3 of these Bylaws) who (A) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (B) complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in Section 2.3; clauses (iii) and (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to make director nominations before an annual meeting of shareholders. (b) Other proposals for action at an annual meeting of shareholders may be made only (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of such meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of a majority of the Board, or (iii) by one (1) or more shareholders of the Corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and will be such at the time of the annual meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in these Bylaws as to such business; clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to submit other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and included in the Corporation s notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of shareholders. (2) Shareholder Advance Notice Requirements. Without qualification or limitation, for any nominations pursuant to Section 2.1(1)(a)(iii) or any other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder pursuant to Section 2.1(1)(b)(iii), the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof and timely updates and supplements thereof in writing to the Corporate Secretary and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for shareholder action. (a) To be timely, a shareholder s notice shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundredth twentieth (120th) day and not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement (as defined in Section 2.4(2) below) of the date of such annual meeting is less than one hundred (100) days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 

3 (b) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding paragraph (a) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement (as defined in Section 2.4(2) below) by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a shareholder s notice required by these Bylaws shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which a public announcement of the increase is first made by the Corporation. (c) In addition, to be timely, a shareholder s notice shall further be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The update and supplement shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than: (i) five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date, and (ii) eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. (3) Shareholder Disclosure Requirements. To be in proper form, a shareholder s notice (whether given pursuant to Section 2.1(2), Section 2.2, or Section 2.3) to the Corporate Secretary must include the following, as applicable. (a) As to the shareholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, a shareholder s notice must set forth: (i) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, of such beneficial owner, if any, and of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such shareholder and such beneficial owner and their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, any derivative or synthetic arrangement having the characteristics of a long position in any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any contract, derivative, swap or other transaction 

4 or series of transactions designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, including due to the fact that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument, contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation, through the delivery of cash or other property, or otherwise, and without regard to whether the shareholder of record, the beneficial owner, if any, or any affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith, may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such instrument, contract or right (a Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such shareholder, the beneficial owner, if any, or any affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such shareholder has a right to vote any class or series of shares of the Corporation, (D) any agreement, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, including any repurchase or similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such shareholder, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of any class or series of the shares of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such shareholder with respect to any class or series of the shares of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the price or value of any class or series of the shares of the Corporation Short Interests ), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such shareholder that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such shareholder is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership, (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such shareholder is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice and any updates and supplements thereof, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such shareholder s immediate family sharing the same household, (H) any significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation held by such shareholder, and (I) any direct or indirect interest of such shareholder in any contract with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), and (iii) any other information relating to such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other 

5 filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (b) If the notice relates to any business other than a nomination of a director or directors that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a shareholder s notice must, in addition to the matters set forth in paragraph (a) above, also set forth: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest of such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, in such business, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration), and (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such shareholder. (c) As to each person, if any, whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board, a shareholder s notice must, in addition to the matters set forth in paragraph (a) above, also set forth: (i) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected) and (ii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and such nominee s respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the shareholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant. (d) With respect to each person, if any, whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board, a shareholder s notice must, in addition to the matters set forth in paragraphs (a) and (c) above, also include a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Article III, Section 12. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable shareholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such 

6 nominee, or to determine whether any of the matters contemplated by Section 2.3 (10) (a) through (f) apply to such proposed nominee. 2.2 Director Nominations at Special Meetings of Shareholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any shareholder of the Corporation who (A) is a shareholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and will be such at the time of the special meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in these Bylaws as to such nomination; clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a shareholder to make nominations before a special meeting of shareholders. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of electing one (1) or more directors, any such shareholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the shareholder s notice required by Section 2.1(2) with respect to any nomination (including the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Article III, Section 12) shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the nineth (90th) day prior to the date of such special meeting or, if the first public announcement (as defined in Section 2.4(2) below) of the date of such special meeting is less than one hundred (100) days prior to the date of such special meeting, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of a special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 2.3 Inclusion of Shareholder Director Nominations in the Corporation s Proxy Materials. (1) General Requirements. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in these Bylaws, whenever the Board solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting of shareholders, the Corporation shall include in its proxy materials for an annual meeting of shareholders, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board (or any committee thereof), the name, together with the Required Information (as defined in Section 2.3(2) below), of any person nominated for election (the Shareholder Nominee to the Board by one (1) or more shareholders that satisfy the requirements of this Section 2.3, including qualifying as an Eligible Shareholder (as defined in Section 2.3(5) below), and that expressly elects at the time of providing the 

7 written notice required by this Section 2.3 (a Proxy Access Notice to have its nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.3. For the purposes of this Section 2.3: (a) Voting Shares shall mean outstanding shares entitled to vote generally for the election of directors; (b) Constituent Holder shall mean any shareholder, fund included within a Qualifying Fund (as defined in Section 2.3(5) below) or beneficial holder whose stock ownership is counted for the purposes of qualifying as holding the Proxy Access Request Required Shares (as defined in Section 2.3(5) below) or qualifying as an Eligible Shareholder (as defined in Section 2.3(5) below); (c) a shareholder shall be deemed to own only those Voting Shares that such shareholder (or any Constituent Holder) possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares. The number of Voting Shares calculated in accordance with the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) shall be deemed not to include (and to the extent any of the following arrangements have been entered into by affiliates of the shareholder (or of any Constituent Holder), shall be reduced by) any shares (A) sold by such shareholder or Constituent Holder (or any of their respective affiliates) in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale, (B) borrowed by such shareholder or Constituent Holder (or any of their respective affiliates) for any purposes or purchased by such shareholder or Constituent Holder (or any of their respective affiliates) pursuant to an agreement to resell or (C) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such shareholder or Constituent Holder (or any of their respective affiliates), whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of Voting Shares, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised by either party thereto would have, the purpose or effect of (X) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such shareholder s or Constituent Holder s (or any of their respective affiliate s) full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or (Y) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such shareholder or Constituent Holder (or any of their respective affiliates), other than any such arrangements solely involving an exchange listed multi- industry market index fund in which Voting Shares represents at the time of entry into such arrangement less than 10 of the proportionate value of such index. A person shall own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the person retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and the right to direct the disposition thereof and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A person s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has loaned such shares provided that the person has the unrestricted 

8 power to recall such loaned shares on five (5) (or fewer) business days notice and during any period in which the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the person. The terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. Whether Voting Shares are owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board or any committee thereof, in each case, in its sole discretion. (2) Required Information for Proxy. For purposes of this Section 2.3, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is (a) the information concerning the Shareholder Nominee and the Eligible Shareholder that the Corporation determines is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy statement by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act; and (b) if the Eligible Shareholder so elects, a Statement (as defined in Section 2.3(7) below). The Corporation shall also include the name of the Shareholder Nominee in its proxy card. For the avoidance of doubt, and any other provision of these Bylaws notwithstanding, the Corporation may in its sole discretion solicit against, and include in the proxy statement its own statements or other information relating to, any Eligible Shareholder and/or Shareholder Nominee, including any information provided to the Corporation with respect to the foregoing. (3) Delivery of Proxy Access Notice. To be timely, a Proxy Access Notice shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day and not later than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the filing date of the definitive proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the public announcement (as defined in Section 2.4(2) below) thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a Proxy Access Notice. (4) Maximum Number of Shareholder Nominees. The maximum number of Shareholder Nominees nominated by all Eligible Shareholders pursuant to this Section 2.3 (including Shareholder Nominees that were submitted by an Eligible Shareholder for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.3 but either are subsequently withdrawn or that the Board decides to nominate as Board nominees) appearing in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders shall not exceed the greater of (a) two (2) and (b) the largest whole number that does not exceed twenty percent (20 of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a Proxy Access Notice may be delivered in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.3 (such greater number, the Permitted Number provided, however, that the Permitted Number shall be reduced by the number of directors in office that will be included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting for whom access to the Corporation s proxy materials was previously provided (or requested) pursuant to this Section 2.3, other than 

9 any such director referred to in this proviso who at the time of such annual meeting will have served as a director continuously, as a nominee of the Board, for at least two (2) annual terms; provided, further, that in the event the Board resolves to reduce the size of the Board effective on or prior to the date of the annual meeting, the Permitted Number shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. In the event that the number of Shareholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Shareholders pursuant to this Section 2.3 exceeds the Permitted Number, each Eligible Shareholder will select one (1) Shareholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials until the Permitted Number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of Voting Shares each Eligible Shareholder disclosed as owned in its Proxy Access Notice. If the Permitted Number is not reached after each Eligible Shareholder has selected one (1) Shareholder Nominee, this selection process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the Permitted Number is reached. (5) Eligible Shareholder. For purposes of this Section 2.3, an Eligible Shareholder is one (1) or more shareholders of record who (a) own and have owned, or is acting on behalf of one (1) or more beneficial owners who own and have owned (in each case as defined in Section 2.3(1)(c) above), in each case continuously for at least three (3) years as of both the date that the Proxy Access Notice is received by the Corporation, and as of the record date for determining shareholders eligible to vote at the annual meeting, at least three percent (3 of the Voting Shares (the Proxy Access Request Required Shares ), and who continue to own the Proxy Access Request Required Shares at all times between the date such Proxy Access Notice is received by the Corporation and the date of the applicable annual meeting; provided, that the aggregate number of shareholders and, if and to the extent that a shareholder is acting on behalf of one (1) or more beneficial owners, of such beneficial owners, whose stock ownership is counted for the purpose of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement shall not exceed twenty (20) and (b) otherwise individually meet the requirements of this Section 2.3. Two (2) or more funds that are (i) under common management and investment control, (ii) under common management and funded primarily by a single employer or (iii) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined, as of the date these Bylaws were amended to add this Section 2.3, in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (such funds together under each of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Qualifying Fund shall be treated as one (1) shareholder for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shareholders in this paragraph (5), provided that each fund included within a Qualifying Fund otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Section 2.3. No shares may be attributed to more than one (1) group constituting an Eligible Shareholder under this Section 2.3 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no shareholder may be a member of more than one (1) group constituting an Eligible Shareholder). A record holder acting on behalf of a beneficial owner will not be counted separately as a shareholder with respect to the shares owned by beneficial owners on whose behalf such record holder has been directed in writing to act, but each such beneficial owner will be counted separately, subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.3(5), for purposes of determining the number of shareholders 

10 whose holdings may be considered as part of an Eligible Shareholder s holdings. For the avoidance of doubt, Proxy Access Request Required Shares will qualify as such if and only if the beneficial owner of such shares as of the date of the Proxy Access Notice has itself individually beneficially owned such shares continuously for the three (3)-year period ending on that date and through the other applicable dates referred to above (in addition to the other applicable requirements being met). (6) Eligible Shareholder Information. Within the time period specified in this Section 2.3 for delivering the Proxy Access Notice, an Eligible Shareholder (including each Constituent Holder) must provide, in writing to the Corporate Secretary and with respect to such Eligible Shareholder (and each Constituent Holder): (a) the name and address of, and number of Voting Shares owned by, such person; (b) one (1) or more written statements from the record holder of the Voting Shares (and from each intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the requisite three (3)-year holding period) verifying that, as of a date within seven (7) days prior to the date the Proxy Access Notice is delivered to the Corporation, such person owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three (3)-years, the Proxy Access Request Required Shares, and such person s agreement to provide (i) within ten (10) days after the record date for the annual meeting, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying such person s continuous ownership of the Proxy Access Request Required Shares through the record date, together with any additional information reasonably requested to verify such person s ownership of the Proxy Access Request Required Shares; and (ii) immediate notice if the Eligible Shareholder ceases to own any of the Proxy Access Request Required Shares prior to the date of the applicable annual meeting of shareholders; (c) the information that would be required to be submitted pursuant to Section 2.1(3)(a); (d) a representation as to the number of Voting Shares it asserts it is deemed to own for purposes of this Section 2.3 and a representation that such person: (i) acquired the Proxy Access Request Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control of the Corporation, and does not presently have any such intent; (ii) intends to continue to own the Proxy Access Request Required Shares through the conclusion of the annual meeting; (iii) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the 

11 Board at the annual meeting any person other than the Shareholder Nominee being nominated pursuant to this Section 2.3; (iv) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another person s, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a- 1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Shareholder Nominee or a nominee of the Board; (v) will not distribute to any shareholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation; (vi) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its shareholders that are and will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and will otherwise comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with any actions taken pursuant to this Section 2.3; (e) in the case of a nomination by a group of shareholders that together is an Eligible Shareholder, the designation by all group members of one (1) group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all members of the nominating shareholder group with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination; and (f) an undertaking that such person agrees to: (i) assume all liability stemming from, and indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation (and affiliates of the Corporation) and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or employees arising out of any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Shareholder s communications with the shareholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Shareholder (including such person) provided to the Corporation; and (ii) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission any solicitation by the Eligible Shareholder of shareholders of the Corporation relating to the annual meeting at which the Shareholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. 

12 In addition, within the time period specified in this Section 2.3 for delivering the Proxy Access Notice, a Qualifying Fund whose stock ownership is counted for purposes of qualifying as an Eligible Shareholder must provide to the Corporate Secretary documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Board that demonstrates that each of the funds included within a Qualifying Fund satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 2.3(5). In order to be considered timely, any information required by this Section 2.3 to be provided to the Corporation must be supplemented (by delivery to the Corporate Secretary) (A) no later than ten (10) days following the record date for the applicable annual meeting, to disclose the foregoing information as of such record date, and (B) no later than the fifth (5th) day before the annual meeting, to disclose the foregoing information as of the date that is no earlier than ten (10) days prior to such annual meeting. For the avoidance of doubt, the requirement to update and supplement such information shall not permit any Eligible Shareholder or other person to change or add any proposed Shareholder Nominee or be deemed to cure any defects or limit the remedies (including without limitation under these Bylaws) available to the Corporation relating to any defect. (7) Eligible Shareholder Statement. The Eligible Shareholder may provide to the Corporate Secretary, at the time the information required by this Section 2.3 is originally provided pursuant to a Proxy Access Notice, a single written statement of the Eligible Shareholder (including such single statement as may be submitted by a group comprising such Eligible Shareholder) for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy statement for the annual meeting, not to exceed five hundred (500) words, in support of the candidacy of such Eligible Shareholder s Shareholder Nominee (the Statement ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.3, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes is materially false or misleading, omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or would violate any applicable law or regulation. (8) Shareholder Nominee Information. Within the time period specified in this Section 2.3 for delivering the Proxy Access Notice, each Shareholder Nominee must provide to the Corporate Secretary: (a) an executed agreement, in a form deemed satisfactory by the Board or its designee (which form shall be provided by the Corporation reasonably promptly upon written request of a shareholder), that such Shareholder Nominee consents to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement and form of proxy card (and will not agree to be named in any other person s proxy statement or form of proxy card) as a nominee and to serving as a director of the Corporation if elected; (b) the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Article III Section 12; 

13 (c) the information that would be required to be submitted pursuant to Section 2.1(3)(c); (d) such additional information as necessary to permit the Board to determine whether any of the matters contemplated by Section 2.3(10) below apply to such Shareholder Nominee and whether such Shareholder Nominee: (i) has any direct or indirect relationship with the Corporation other than those relationships that have been deemed categorically immaterial pursuant to the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines; and (ii) is or has ever been subject to any event specified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K (or successor rule) of the Commission. (e) an undertaking that such Person will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its shareholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects (and shall not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading). At the request of the Corporation, the Shareholder Nominee must submit all other completed and signed questionnaires required of directors and officers of the Corporation. The Corporation may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board to determine if each Shareholder Nominee satisfies the requirements of this Section 2.3 or if each Shareholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the Common Stock of the Corporation is listed, any applicable rules of the Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board in determining and disclosing the independence of directors or as may otherwise be reasonably requested. In the event that any information or communications provided by the Eligible Shareholder (or any Constituent Holder) or the Shareholder Nominee to the Corporation or its shareholders ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Corporate Secretary of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct any such defect; it being understood for the avoidance of doubt that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any such defect or limit the remedies (including without limitation under these Bylaws) available to the Corporation relating to any such defect. (9) Ineligible Shareholder Nominee. Any Shareholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of shareholders but withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at that 

14 annual meeting (other than by reason of such Shareholder Nominee s disability) will be ineligible to be a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.3 for the next two (2) annual meetings. Any Shareholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation s proxy statement for a particular annual meeting of shareholders, but subsequently is determined not to satisfy the eligibility requirements of this Section 2.3 or any other provision of these Bylaws, the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation or other applicable regulation any time before the annual meeting of shareholders, will not be eligible for election at the relevant annual meeting of shareholders and, for the avoidance of doubt, another individual may not be substituted for such Shareholder Nominee by the Eligible Shareholder that nominated such Shareholder Nominee. The Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 2.3, any Shareholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any annual meeting of shareholders or to allow the nomination of any such Shareholder Nominees, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if the Corporation has received one (1) or more shareholder notices nominating director candidates pursuant to Section 2.1(2) of these Bylaws. (10) Inclusion of Shareholder Nominee in Proxy. The Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 2.3, a Shareholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any annual meeting of shareholders or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, to allow the nomination of a Shareholder Nominee, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation: (a) (i) who is not independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the Common Stock of the Corporation is listed, any applicable rules of the Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board in determining and disclosing independence of the directors, in each case as determined by the Board, (ii) who does not meet the audit committee independence requirements under the rules of any stock exchange on which the Corporation s securities are traded and applicable securities laws, (iii) who is not a non-employee director for the purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule), or (iv) who is not independent for the purposes of the requirements under the FDIC Improvement Act related to designation as an outside director (b) whose election or service as a member of the Board would violate or cause the Corporation to be in violation of these Bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the Common Stock is traded, or any applicable law, rule or regulation; (c) who is or has been, within the past three (3) years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914; (d) (i) whose election as a member of the Board would cause the 

15 Corporation to seek, or assist in the seeking of, advance approval or to obtain, or assist in the obtaining of, an interlock waiver pursuant to the rules or regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or (ii) who is a director, trustee, officer or employee with management functions for any depository institution, depository institution holding company or entity that has been designated as a Systemically Important Financial Institution, each as defined in the Depository Institution Management Interlocks Act, provided, however, that this clause (ii) shall apply only so long as the Corporation is subject to compliance with Section 164 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (e) who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten (10) years; (f) who is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; (g) if such Shareholder Nominee or the applicable Eligible Shareholder (including each member of any group of shareholders and beneficial owners that together is an Eligible Shareholder) shall have provided information to the Corporation in respect of such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, as determined by the Board or any committee thereof, in each case, in its sole discretion; (h) if the Eligible Shareholder or applicable Shareholder Nominee otherwise contravenes any of the agreements or representations made by such Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee or fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to these Bylaws, including, but not limited to, this Section 2.3; or (i) if the Eligible Shareholder ceases to be an Eligible Shareholder for any reason, including but not limited to not owning the Proxy Access Request Required Shares through the date of the applicable annual meeting. For the purposes of this Section 2.3(10)(a)-(f) and, to the extent related to a breach, action or failure by the Shareholder Nominee, Section 2.3(10)(g) or (h) will result in the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.3 of the specific Shareholder Nominee to whom the ineligibility applies or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, the ineligibility of such Shareholder Nominee to be nominated; provided, however, that clause (i) (and, to the extent related to a breach, action or failure by an Eligible Shareholder (or any Constituent Holder), clause (g) or (h)) will result in the Voting Shares owned by such Eligible 

16 Shareholder (or Constituent Holder) being excluded from the Proxy Access Request Required Shares (and, if as a result the Proxy Access Notice shall no longer have been filed by an Eligible Shareholder, the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.3 of all of the applicable shareholder s Shareholder Nominees from the applicable annual meeting of shareholders or, if the proxy statement has already been filed, the ineligibility of all of such shareholder s Shareholder Nominees to be nominated). This Section 2.3 shall be the exclusive method for shareholders to require that nominees for directors be included in the Corporation s proxy materials. 2.4 General. (1) To be properly brought before a meeting of shareholders, business must be of a proper subject for action by shareholders under applicable law and must not, if implemented, cause the Corporation to violate any state, federal or foreign law or regulation, each as determined in good faith by the Board. No person may be appointed, nominated or elected as a director unless such person, at the time such person is nominated and appointed or elected, would then be able to serve as a director without conflicting in any manner with any state, federal or foreign law or regulation applicable to the Corporation, as determined in good faith by the Board. Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2 shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, the Chair of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this Section 2, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded. (2) For purposes of this Section 2, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 2.1 or Section 2.2. 

17 3. Place of Meetings Meetings of the shareholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at such other place as the Board may designate. The Board shall have the right to determine that a meeting of shareholders be held solely by means of Internet or other electronic communications technology in the manner and to the extent provided by the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, as amended PBCL ). 4. Notice of Meetings. Written notice of every meeting of the shareholders shall be given, either personally, by electronic transmission or by mail, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting at least five (5) days prior to the day named for the meeting, unless a greater period of notice is required by law. The notice shall state the day, time and place of such meeting and the general nature of the business to be transacted. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the shareholder at such shareholder s address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the PBCL. Notice of a meeting may be waived in writing and attendance at a meeting shall itself constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting except where a person attends a meeting solely for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. Any previously scheduled meeting of the shareholders may be postponed, and (unless the Articles of Incorporation otherwise provide) any special meeting of the shareholders may be cancelled, by resolution of the Board upon public notice given prior to the date previously scheduled for such meeting of shareholders. 5. Quorum. The presence, in person or by proxy, of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes which all shareholders are entitled to cast on the particular matter shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of considering such matter. At a duly organized meeting, except as may be otherwise specified in the Articles of Incorporation or provided by law, each matter shall be decided upon receiving the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by all shareholders entitled to vote thereon and, if any shareholders are entitled to vote thereon as a class, upon receiving the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote as a class. The Chair of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy may adjourn the meeting from time to time to such time and place as they may determine, whether or not there is a quorum. No notice of the time and place of adjourned meetings need be given except as required by law. The shareholders present at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present may 

18 continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum. 6. Record Date. The Board may fix a record date which, except in the case of an adjourned meeting, shall not be more than ninety (90) days prior to the date of any meeting of shareholders, or the date fixed for the payment of any dividend or distribution, or the date for the allotment of rights or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of shares will be made or go into effect. Only such shareholders as shall be shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date shall be entitled to notice of, or to vote at such meeting or to receive such allotment of rights or to exercise such rights, as the case may be. A determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 7. Conduct of Meetings The Board shall designate whether the Chair, the CEO, or such other director as the Board may determine shall preside at each meeting of shareholders 8. Attendance by Electronic Means. A shareholder or a shareholder s proxy s presence or participation, including voting and taking other action, at a meeting of shareholders or the expression of consent or dissent to corporate action by a shareholder or a shareholder s proxy by telephone or other electronic means, including, without limitation, the Internet, shall constitute the presence of, or vote or action by, or consent or dissent of the shareholder or a shareholder s proxy for all purposes. Article III. DIRECTORS 1. Board of Directors The Board shall oversee the business and affairs of the Corporation, which shall consist of not less than five (5) nor more than twenty-five (25) members as shall be established from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. The Board, by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors, shall elect from among its members a director designated as the Chair and may elect one (1) or more vice chairs (each a Vice Chair and collectively, the Vice Chairs ). The Chair shall have the powers and duties as shall be assigned from time to time by the Board and the Vice Chair(s), if any, shall have the powers and duties as shall be assigned from time to time by the Board. 

19 2. Term of Office. After being elected by the shareholders, or by the directors pursuant to Article III, Section 3, directors shall hold office until the next annual meeting and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. 3. Vacancy. Subject to applicable law and the rights of the holders of any series of the Corporation s preferred stock with respect to such series of preferred stock, all vacancies in the Board, including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of directors, may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum. 4. Organization Meeting. As soon as practicable after the annual meeting of shareholders at which they were elected and without notice, the Board shall meet for the purpose of organizing the new board, electing officers and the transaction of such other business as may be properly brought before the meeting. 5. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held, without notice, at such times and at such places as the Board, by resolution, shall determine. 6. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chair, the CEO or at the written request of a majority of the Board. Notice of special meetings shall be given to each director not later than during the day immediately preceding the day of such meeting and shall include the general nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting. A special meeting may be held at any time without notice if the directors who are present do not object at the start of the meeting to the lack of notice and those who are not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Article III, Section 10.2 hereof. 7. Quorum. A majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the acts of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Board. 

20 8. Conduct of Meetings; Attendance at Meetings. The Board shall designate whether the Chair, the CEO, or such other director as the Board may determine shall preside at each meeting of the Board. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, any or all directors may participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 9. Written Action of Directors. Any action which may be taken at a meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting if a written consent or consents setting forth the action so taken is signed by all the directors and filed with the Corporate Secretary. 10. Notice; Waiver of Notice. 10.1 Notice. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given either personally (including by telephone) or by sending a copy thereof in writing through first class United States mail, overnight courier (with receipt therefor), by facsimile, email or other electronic communication to the director s address or telephone, email address, facsimile number, as the case may be, appearing in the records of the Corporation, or supplied by such director to the Corporation for the purpose of notice. If notice is sent by mail or overnight courier, it shall be deemed to have been given to the person entitled thereto when deposited in the United States mail or with an overnight courier service. If the notice is given by facsimile, email or other electronic means, it shall be deemed given when sent to facsimile number or email address, appearing in the records of the Corporation or supplied by such director to the Corporation for purpose of notice. Reference in these Bylaws to written or in writing includes electronic transmission. Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 10.2 Waiver. Unless otherwise provided by law, whenever any notice is required to be given to any director under the provisions of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing which is filed 

21 with the Corporate Secretary in record form signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, will be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Except in the case of a special meeting of directors, neither the business to be transacted nor the purpose of the meeting need be specified in the waiver of notice of such meeting. Attendance of a person either in person or by proxy, when permitted, will constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 11. Compensation of Directors. Each director who is not a salaried employee of the Corporation or its affiliates may receive compensation in such manner and at such time as the Board may determine and be reimbursed for their meeting attendance expenses. 12. Submission of Questionnaire, Representation and Agreement. To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, a person must deliver (in accordance with the applicable time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Article II, Section 2) to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire (in the form provided by the Corporate Secretary upon written request) with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Corporate Secretary upon written request) that such person (a) is not and will not become a party to (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (c) will serve as a director if so elected and, in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation and (d) will abide by the requirements of Article III, Section 13. 13. Procedure for Election of Directors; Required Vote. 

22 (1) Election of Directors at all meetings of the shareholders at which directors are to be elected shall be by ballot and, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of the Corporation s preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, a majority of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present shall elect directors. For purposes of these Bylaws, a majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50 of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Votes cast shall include votes to withhold authority in each case and exclude abstentions with respect to that director s election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a contested election of directors, directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. For purposes of these Bylaws, a contested election shall mean any election of directors in which the number of candidates for election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected, with the determination thereof being made by the Corporate Secretary as of the close of the applicable notice of nomination period set forth in Article II, Section 2 of these Bylaws, based on whether one (1) or more notice(s) of nomination were timely filed in accordance with said Article II, Section 2; provided, however, that the determination that an election is a contested election shall be determinative only as to the timeliness of a notice of nomination and not otherwise as to its validity. If, prior to the time the Corporation mails its initial proxy statement in connection with such election of directors, one (1) or more notices of nomination are withdrawn such that the number of candidates for election as director no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the election shall not be considered a contested election, but in all other cases, once an election is determined to be a contested election, directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast. (2) If a nominee for director who is an incumbent director is not elected and no successor was elected at the meeting at which the director was not re-elected, the director shall promptly tender such director s resignation to the Board in accordance with the agreement contemplated by Article III, Section 12 of these Bylaws. The Nominating and Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board shall act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose (by a press release, a filing with the Commission or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind the decision within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election results. The Nominating and Governance Committee in making its recommendation, and the Board in making its decision, may each consider any factors or other information that it considers appropriate and relevant. The director who tenders a resignation shall not participate in the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee or the decision of the Board with respect to such director s resignation. If such incumbent director s resignation is not accepted by the Board, such director shall continue to serve until the next annual meeting and until such director s 

23 successor is duly elected, or such director s earlier resignation or removal. If a director s resignation is accepted by the Board pursuant to these Bylaws, or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board, in its sole discretion, may fill any resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of these Bylaws or may decrease the size of the Board pursuant to the provisions of Article III, Section 1 of these Bylaws. (3) Except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the shareholders. Article IV. OFFICERS 1. Designation. The officers of the Corporation may include a CEO, President, one (1) or more Vice Presidents of whom one (1) or more may be designated Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Vice President or Senior Vice President, a Corporate Secretary, a Treasurer, a Controller, a General Auditor and such other officers as the Board, the Chair, the CEO, any Vice Chair or the President may from time to time designate. The Board shall designate the CEO. All officers having the rank of Senior Vice President or higher shall be elected by the Board and shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board. All other officers shall be appointed by the CEO or, in the CEO s absence, by such other officer or officers as may be designated by the Board. 2. Responsibilities of the Senior Officers. 2.1 Chief Executive Officer Subject to the discretion of the Board, the CEO shall have the general supervision of the policies, business and operations of the Corporation, and of the other officers, agents and employees of the Corporation and, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by the Board, shall have all the other powers and duties as are usually incident to the chief executive officer of a Corporation. In the absence of the CEO, the CEO s rights shall be held, and duties shall be performed by such other officer or officers as shall be designated by the Board. 2.2 President. The President, if not designated as the CEO, shall have general executive powers and shall have such duties and powers as may be assigned from time to time by the Board or the CEO. 

24 2.3 Vice Presidents. The Senior Executive, Executive and Senior Vice Presidents as well as all other Vice Presidents shall have the duties and powers as may from time to time be assigned to them by the Board, or by the CEO in the absence of any assignment by the Board. Any reference in these Bylaws to a Vice President will apply equally to a Senior Executive, Executive or Senior Vice President unless the context otherwise requires. 2.4 Treasurer. The Treasurer shall be responsible for all moneys, funds, securities, fidelity and indemnity bonds and other valuables belonging to the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to the Treasurer from time to time by the Board or the CEO. 2.5 Corporate Secretary. The Corporate Secretary shall attend the meetings of the shareholders, of the Board, of the Executive Committee, if any, and of such other Board committees, if any, as have not appointed another person as secretary of that committee and shall keep minutes thereof in suitable format. The Corporate Secretary shall have charge of the corporate records and papers and the corporate seal; and have such other duties as the Board or the CEO shall assign. 2.6 Controller. The Controller, if a Controller is elected, shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation and shall cause to be kept proper records of the transactions of the Corporation; shall be responsible for the preparation of financial and tax reports required of the Corporation; and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to the Controller from time to time by the Board or the CEO. 2.7 General Auditor. The General Auditor shall have charge of auditing the books, records and accounts of the Corporation and shall report directly to the Audit Committee of the Board. 2.8 Assistant Officers. Each Assistant Officer elected shall assist in the performance of the duties of the officer to whom such Assistant Officer is assistant and shall perform such duties in the 

25 absence of such officer. Each Assistant Officer shall perform such additional duties as the Board, the CEO, or the officer to whom such Assistant Officer is assistant, may from time to time assign. 3. Tenure. Each officer shall hold office until such officer s successor shall have been duly appointed and shall have been qualified or until such officer s earlier death, resignation or removal. 4. Incumbency. Any officer elected by the Board may be removed by the Board whenever, in its best judgment, the best interest of the Corporation will be served thereby, without prejudice however to any contract rights the person so removed may have with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries. Article V. COMMITTEES 1. Committees. The committees of the Board shall be the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Human Resources Committee, and the Risk Committee. 1.1 Executive Committee. The Executive Committee shall consist of (i) its chair, who shall be the then serving chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee unless another director is appointed by the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, (ii) the CEO, and (iii) the then serving chair of each other committee. The Executive Committee shall meet at such time or times as may be fixed by the Board, or upon the call of the Chair or the CEO. In the absence of the Executive Committee chair, the CEO shall act as Executive Committee chair unless the Board shall appoint another director to act as Executive Committee chair in such circumstances. In all instances which the Executive Committee shall deem necessary or appropriate, the Executive Committee shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board so far as may be permitted by the PBCL. All acts done and powers conferred by the Executive Committee from time to time shall be deemed to be, and may be certified as being, done and conferred under authority of the Board. 

26 1.2 Audit Committee. The Board shall appoint annually, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the members of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee shall consist of not fewer than three (3) directors and shall satisfy the requirements of Commission Rule 10A-3. 1.3 Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board shall appoint annually, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee, consisting of not fewer than three (3) directors. 1.4 Human Resources Committee. The Board shall appoint annually, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the members of the Human Resources Committee, consisting of not fewer than three (3) directors. 1.5 Risk Committee. The Board shall appoint annually, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the members of the Risk Committee, consisting of not fewer than five (5) directors, a majority of which shall not be officers of the Corporation or PNC Bank, National Association, and at least one member shall have experience in identifying, assessing and managing the risk exposures of large, complex financial firms (as determined by the Board in its business judgment). 1.6 Charters; Committee Members Independence and Qualifications; Committee Chairs and Vice Chairs. (1) The purpose and responsibilities of each committee shall be set forth in a written charter approved by the Board. Each committee s charter shall specify the committee membership requirements. Each committee shall review and reassess the adequacy of its charter annually and recommend to the Board any proposed changes to its charter. The charters of the Audit, Nominating and Governance, and Human Resources Committees shall address such matters as may be required by the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange and shall be published in a manner required by such rules. (2) Each director appointed to the Audit, Nominating and Governance, and Human Resources Committees must have been affirmatively determined by the Board to 

27 be independent under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange, and to meet such other standards of independence as may be prescribed by applicable federal banking, securities, and income tax laws and regulations, if any, relating to the duties and responsibilities of the particular committee or committees on which such director shall serve, and must retain such director s independent status at all times while serving on the committee. Members of the Audit Committee must also possess the experience and qualifications required for audit committee members by the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange and applicable federal banking laws. (3) The Board may authorize the establishment of such other committees as it shall deem advisable from time to time and may delegate to such committees such powers and authority as it shall deem appropriate and as shall be permitted by applicable laws and regulations. (4) The chair and vice chair, if any, of each committee shall be appointed by the Board upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The chair and vice chair, if any, of the Risk Committee must be appointed from among the independent directors then serving on that committee. Each committee may delegate to its chair or vice chair, if any, such powers and authority as the committee deems appropriate, provided that applicable laws and regulations do not require such powers and authority to be exercised by the committee as a whole or by a subcommittee of at least two (2) committee members. 1.7 Joint Committees of the Corporation s and PNC Bank, National Association s Boards of Directors. Upon appropriate action by the Boards of Directors of the Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, any committee authorized by these Bylaws other than the Executive Committee may be designated and function as a joint committee of both Boards of Directors. The title and charter of such a committee need not reflect its status as a joint committee unless both Boards of Directors expressly provide otherwise. 1.8 Special Appointments of Committee Members. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee who may replace an absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee or for the purposes of any written action by the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another director to act at the meeting in place of any absent or disqualified member, provided that such director meets all of the qualifications for a member of that committee as set forth in these Bylaws and in the committee s charter. 

28 2. Minutes. Minutes of the Executive Committee shall be submitted at a regular meeting of the Board, and any action taken by the Board with respect to the Executive Committee minutes shall be entered in the minutes of the Board. All other committees shall keep minutes of their meetings which shall be accessible to inspection by the Board at all times. 3. Rules of Procedure. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein or in the committee s charter, each committee may appoint a secretary, who need not be a director, adopt its own rules of procedure and, unless the Board has acted with respect thereto, determine the date, place and hour for its meetings. The Committee chair or vice chair, if any, may call a special meeting or reschedule a regular meeting if they deem it appropriate. In the absence of any other provision in these Bylaws or in the committee s charter to the contrary, a majority of the members of any committee shall constitute a quorum, and the action of a majority of the members in attendance at a committee meeting shall constitute the action of that committee. Notice of meetings shall be given to each committee on or before the day preceding the meeting. Any action which may be taken at a meeting of a committee or subcommittee may be taken without a meeting if a written consent setting forth the action so taken is signed by all members of that committee or subcommittee and filed with the Corporate Secretary. Article VI. STOCK CERTIFICATES 1. Certificated and Uncertificated Stock. (1) The interest of each shareholder of the Corporation may be uncertificated or may be evidenced by certificates for shares of stock in such form as the appropriate officers of the Corporation may from time to time prescribe. (2) If shares of the Corporation s stock are certificated, such certificates may be signed manually, by facsimile or electronically by the Chair, the CEO, the President, any Vice Chair, or any Vice President and shall be countersigned by the Corporate Secretary, the Treasurer, or any Assistant Corporate Secretary or Assistant Treasurer, and shall be sealed with the seal of the Corporation, which may be by facsimile or electronically. If the Board has designated a transfer agent, the transfer agent may countersign the certificate manually, by facsimile or electronically. The Board may designate a registrar to register each certificate that is issued manually, by use of a facsimile signature or electronically. (3) At all times that the Corporation s stock is listed on a stock exchange, 

29 the shares of the stock of the Corporation shall comply with all direct registration system eligibility requirements established by such exchange, including any requirement that shares of the Corporation s stock be eligible for issue in book-entry form. If shares of the Corporation s stock are uncertificated, the Corporation shall, or cause one (1) or more transfer agents to enter all issuances and transfers of shares of the Corporation s stock on the books of the Corporation with all information necessary to comply with such direct registration system eligibility requirements, including the name and address of the person to whom the shares of stock are issued, the number of shares of stock issued and the date of issue. The Board shall have the power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or proper concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of stock of the Corporation in both certificated and uncertificated form. 2. Transfers. The shares of stock of the Corporation evidenced by certificates shall be transferable only on its books upon surrender of the stock certificate for such shares properly endorsed. The shares of stock of the Corporation which are uncertificated shall be transferable upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of the shares or by such person s attorney duly authorized in writing, and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred. The Board shall have power to appoint one (1) or more transfer agents and registrars for the transfer and registration of the Corporation s stock of any class, and may require, in the case of certificated shares of stock, that stock certificates shall be countersigned and registered by one (1) or more such transfer agents or registrars. 3. Lost or Destroyed Certificates. If a stock certificate shall be lost, stolen or destroyed, the shareholder may file with the Corporation an affidavit stating the circumstances of the loss, theft or destruction and may request the issuance of a new certificate. The shareholder shall give to the Corporation a bond which shall be in such sum, contain such terms and provisions and have such surety or sureties as the Board may direct. The Corporation may thereupon issue a new certificate replacing the certificate lost, stolen or destroyed. Article VII. DIRECTOR LIABILITY LIMITATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 1. Limitation on Director Liability. A director shall, to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of the 

30 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and federal banking laws and regulations, have no personal liability for monetary damages for any action taken, or any failure to take any action, as a director, provided that this Article VII shall not eliminate the liability of a director in any case where such elimination is not permitted by applicable laws and regulations. No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any act or failure to act on the part of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal. 2. Indemnification. (1) Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, legislative or other (each, a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that such person (or another person for whom such person is the legal representative) is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another bank, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise Covered Person ), whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and federal banking laws and regulation as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by the Covered Person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a Covered Person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the Covered Person s, executors and administrators. If authorized by the Board, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person to the full extent permitted by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and federal banking laws and regulations. (2) In connection with any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding for which the Covered Person may be entitled to indemnification under this Article VII, Section 2, the Corporation shall pay the expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by such Covered Person in any such Proceeding in advance of final disposition of such Proceeding (an advancement of expenses ), subject, if required by applicable law, to receipt by the Corporation of a written undertaking, by or on behalf of such Covered Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is (a) ultimately determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article VII, Section 2, or (b) found that the Covered Person is not entitled to indemnification under applicable 

31 federal banking laws and regulation. (3) The Corporation will not, in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by a Covered Person, advance expenses to such person or, except as provided in Article VII, Section 2(5), indemnify such person pursuant to this Article VII, Section 2 unless the Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. (4) To obtain indemnification under this Article VII, Section 2, a Covered Person shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the Covered Person and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Covered Person is entitled to indemnification (each a Claimant ). Upon written request by a Claimant for indemnification pursuant to this Article VII, Section 2(4), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to the Claimant s entitlement thereto shall be made as follows: (a) if requested by the Claimant, by Independent Counsel (as defined below), or (b) if no request is made by the Claimant for a determination by Independent Counsel, (i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as defined below), or (ii) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, such quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Claimant, or (iii) if a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by the shareholders of the Corporation. In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel at the request of the Claimant, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board unless there shall have occurred within two (2) years prior to the date of the commencement of the Proceeding for which indemnification is claimed a Change of Control with respect to the Corporation, as defined in The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 2016 Directors Deferred Stock Unit Program (as amended or replaced), in which case the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Claimant unless the Claimant shall request that such selection be made by the Board. If it is so determined that the Claimant is entitled to indemnification, payment to the Claimant shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. As used herein, (a) Independent Counsel means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and shall include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or the Claimant in an action to determine the Claimant s rights under this Article VII, Section 2, and (b) Disinterested Directors means a director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification is sought by the Claimant. (5) If a written claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to this Article VII, Section 2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after such claim has been received by the Corporation, the Claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of any such claim, and if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, the Claimant shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of 

32 prosecuting such suit. It shall be a defense to any such suit (other than a suit to enforce a claim for advancement of expenses where the required undertaking has been received by the Corporation) that indemnification of the Claimant would not be permitted by applicable law, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including the Board, Independent Counsel or shareholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any suit seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to this Article VII, Section 2 that indemnification or advancement of expenses is proper in the circumstances, nor a determination by the Corporation (including the Board, Independent Counsel or shareholders) that indemnification or advancement of expenses is not proper in the circumstances, shall, in itself, create a presumption that the Claimant is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to this Article VII, Section 2 or be a defense to any such suit. (6) If any provision or provisions of this Article VII, Section 2 are held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VII, Section 2 (including without limitation each portion of any paragraph of this Article VII, Section 2 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the full extent possible, the provisions of this Article VII, Section 2 (including without limitation each such portion of any paragraph of this Article VII, Section 2 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision or provisions held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. (7) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Article VII, Section 2(4) that the Claimant is entitled to indemnification, the Corporation shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to Article VII, Section 2(5). (8) The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to Article VII, Section 2(5) that the procedures and presumptions of this Article VII, Section 2 are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in such proceeding that the Corporation is bound by all the provisions of this Article VII, Section 2. (9) If a Claimant is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of this Article VII, Section 2 for some or a portion of the expense, liability and loss incurred or suffered by such person in connection with any Proceeding but not for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall indemnify the Claimant for the portion thereof to which the Claimant is entitled. (10) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in this Article VII, Section 2: (a) shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Covered Person and shall inure to the benefit of a Covered Person s heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives; and (b) shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any director, officer, employee, agent or other person 

33 may be entitled in any capacity as a matter of law or under any charter provision, by-law, agreement, vote of shareholders or directors, or otherwise. Any repeal, amendment or modification of this Article VII, Section 2 or adoption of any other provision of the Bylaws or Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation which has the effect of limiting the rights set forth in this Article VII, Section 2 shall operate prospectively only and shall not affect any rights or obligations with respect to actions, omissions, circumstances or events occurring prior to the adoption of any such repeal, amendment or modification. Each Covered Person shall be deemed to be serving as such in reliance on the provisions of this Article VII, Section 2. Nothing in this Article VII, Section 2 shall require the Corporation to take any action that would be prohibited by applicable law. 3. Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may provide indemnification and advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation up to the full extent of the provisions of Article VII, Section 2 of these Bylaws with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. Article VIII. APPLICATION OF STATUTORY ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS The following provisions of Title 15 of the PBCL shall not be applicable to the Corporation: (i) Subchapter G of Chapter 25; and (ii) Subchapter H of Chapter 25. Article IX. EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY DURING EMERGENCIES 1. Emergency Bylaws. This Article IX shall be operative during any emergency resulting from an attack on the United States, a nuclear disaster or other catastrophe as a result of which a quorum of the Board cannot readily be assembled (an Emergency ), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provision in these Bylaws. Without limiting any powers or emergency actions that the Board may take during an Emergency, during an Emergency, the Board may take any action that it determines to be practical and appropriate to address the circumstances of the Emergency including, without limitation, taking the actions with respect to procedures for calling meetings of the Board, quorum requirements, meetings and procedures for designating additional or substitute directors as provided in the PBCL. To the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IX, these Bylaws shall remain in effect during such Emergency, and upon termination of such Emergency, the provisions of this Article IX shall cease to be effective. 2. Meetings. 

34 During any Emergency, a meeting of the Board, or any committee thereof, may be called by any member of the Board, the Chair, the CEO, the President, a Vice Chair, the Corporate Secretary or any officer reporting directly to the CEO. Notice of the time and place of meeting shall be given by the person calling the meeting to all directors which may be feasibily reached at that time and by any available means of communication. Such notice shall be given at such time in advance of the meeting as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, circumstances permit. 3. Quorum. At any meeting of the Board, or any committee thereof, called in accordance with Section 2 of this Article IX, the presence of one (1) director shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Vacancies on the Board, or any committee thereof, may be filled by a majority vote of the directors in attendance at the meeting. 4. Amendments. At any meeting called in accordance with Section 2 of this Article IX, the Board or the committees thereof, as the case may be, may modify, amend or add to the provisions of this Article IX so as to make any provision that may be practical or necessary for the circumstances of the Emergency. 5. Liability. No officer, director or employee of the Corporation acting in accordance with the provisions of this Article IX shall be liable except for willful misconduct and shall not be liable for any action by such officer, director or employee taken in good faith in an Emergency in furtherance of the ordinary business affairs of the Corporation even though not authorized by the emergency or other bylaws then in effect. 6. Repeal or Change. The provisions of this Article IX shall be subject to repeal or change by further action of the Board, but no such repeal or change shall modify the provisions of Section 6 of this Article IX with regard to action taken prior to the time of such repeal or change. Article X. EXCLUSIVE FORUM Venue in the following actions and proceedings shall be exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the judicial district embracing the county in which the registered office of the Corporation is located: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the 

35 Corporation; (2) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or its shareholders; (3) any action or proceeding brought under Subchapter 15D (relating to dissenters rights) of the PBCL; (4) any action or proceeding brought under Subchapter 17G (relating to judicial supervision of corporate action) of the PBCL; (5) any action or proceeding brought under Chapter 25 (relating to registered corporations) of the PBCL; or (6) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation, or any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation (i) arising under any provision of the PBCL, or the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation, or (ii) governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Article XII. AMENDMENTS These Bylaws may be altered, amended, added to or repealed by a vote of a majority of the Board at any regular meeting of the Board, or at any special meeting of the Board called for that purpose. 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.14>
 3
 exhibit414descriptionofs.htm
 EX-4.14

exhibit414descriptionofs 

Exhibit 4.14 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 In this Exhibit 4.11, when we refer to PNC, we, us, or our or when we otherwise refer to ourselves, we mean The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., excluding, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context requires, our subsidiaries. We have two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ): (1) our Common Stock; and (2) 1.80 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock - Series B, par value 1.00. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK General We are authorized to issue 800,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 5.00 per share. The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the applicable provisions of the following for a complete statement of the terms and rights of the common stock: Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation ), which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, including the statements with respect to shares pursuant to which certain outstanding series of preferred stock were issued, an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 20, 2015, the statement with respect to shares governing our Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series O, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 27, 2011, the statement with respect to shares governing our Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series P, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 24, 2012, the statement with respect to shares governing our 5.375 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series Q, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2012, the statement with respect to shares governing our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series R, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2013, the statement with respect to shares governing our Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series S, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2016, the statement with respect to shares governing our 3.400 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series T, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13, 2021, the statement with respect to shares governing our 6.000 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series U, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022, 

2 the statement with respect to shares governing our 6.200 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series V, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022, the statement with respect to shares governing our 6.250 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series W, which you can find as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2023, and the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law (the PBCL ). Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to shareholders. Holders of common stock have neither cumulative voting rights nor any preemptive rights for the purchase of additional shares of any class of our stock, and are not subject to liability for further calls or assessments. The common stock does not have any sinking fund, conversion or redemption provisions. In the event of dissolution or winding up of our affairs, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payments to all creditors and payments required to be made in respect of outstanding preferred stock (including accrued and unpaid dividends thereon) have been made. The Board may, except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rules of the NYSE, cause the issuance of authorized shares of common stock without shareholder approval to such persons and for such consideration as the Board may determine in connection with acquisitions by us or for other corporate purposes. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Canton, MA, is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. The shares of common stock are listed on the NYSE under the symbol PNC. The outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders of the common stock are not subject to any liability as shareholders. Dividends and Other Payments Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. The payment of future dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board, which will consider, among other factors, economic and market conditions, our financial condition and operating results, and other factors, including contractual restrictions and applicable government regulations and policies (such as those relating to the ability of bank and non-bank subsidiaries to pay dividends to the parent company and regulatory capital limitations). The amount of our dividends is also currently subject to the results of the supervisory assessment of capital adequacy and capital planning processes undertaken by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve and our primary bank regulator as part of the Federal Reserve s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process. The Federal Reserve has the power to prohibit us from paying dividends without its approval. We are incorporated in Pennsylvania and governed by the PBCL. Under the PBCL, we cannot pay dividends if, after giving effect to the dividend payments, we would be unable to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of our business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time as of which the dividend is measured, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the dividends. Subject to certain important exceptions, the terms of certain of our outstanding series of preferred stock and capital securities prohibit us from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring or making a liquidation payment with respect to our common stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all completed dividend periods with respect to such preferred stock or capital security, as applicable, have been paid. 

3 In addition, we have outstanding junior subordinated debentures associated with certain capital securities, the terms of which permit us to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to five years. At any time when we have deferred interest payments on these debentures or if we are aware of any event that would be an event of default under the indenture governing those securities, subject to certain important exceptions, we may not declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, redeem, purchase, acquire or a make a liquidation payment with respect to any of our common stock. Dividends from our subsidiary bank are the primary source of funds for payment of dividends to our shareholders, and there are statutory limits on the amount of dividends that our subsidiary bank can pay to us without regulatory approval. We are a holding company that conducts substantially all of our operations through our banking subsidiaries and other subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make dividend payments on the common stock depends primarily on certain federal regulatory considerations and the receipt of dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries. There are various legal and regulatory restrictions on the ability of our banking subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us, and those restrictions can vary among the different subsidiaries based on performance, capital and other factors. Further information concerning dividend restrictions and other factors that could limit our ability to pay dividends, including restrictions on loans, dividends or advances from bank subsidiaries to the parent company are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other Provisions The Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws contain various provisions that may discourage or delay attempts to gain control of PNC. The Bylaws include provisions: authorizing the Board to fix the size of the Board between five and 25 directors, authorizing directors to fill vacancies on the Board occurring between annual shareholder meetings, including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of directors, authorizing only the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer to call a special meeting of shareholders, providing advance notice requirements for director nominations and business to be properly brought before a shareholder meeting, and authorizing a majority of the Board to alter, amend, add to or repeal the Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation vest the authority to make, amend and repeal the Bylaws in the Board, subject to the power of our shareholders to change any such action. Provisions of Pennsylvania law also could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of PNC or have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to control PNC. The PBCL allows Pennsylvania corporations to elect to either be covered or not be covered by certain anti-takeover provisions. We have elected in the Bylaws not to be covered by Subchapter G of Chapter 25 of the PBCL, which would otherwise enable existing shareholders of PNC in certain circumstances to block the voting rights of an acquiring person who makes or proposes to make a control-share acquisition. We have also opted out of the protection of Subchapter H of Chapter 25 of the PBCL, which would otherwise enable us to recover certain payments made to shareholders who have evidenced an intent to acquire control of PNC. However, the following provisions of the PBCL do apply to us: shareholders are not entitled to call a special meeting (Section 2521), unless the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise (which as of the date hereof they do not), action by shareholder consent must be unanimous (Section 2524), shareholders are not entitled to propose an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (Section 2535), 

4 certain transactions with interested shareholders (such as mergers or sales of assets between PNC and a shareholder) where the interested shareholder is a party to the transaction or is treated differently from other shareholders require approval by a majority of the disinterested shareholders (Section 2538), a five-year moratorium exists on certain business combinations with a 20 or more shareholder (Sections 2551-2556), and shareholders have a right to put their shares to a 20 shareholder at a fair value for a reasonable period after the 20 stake is acquired (Sections 2541-2547). In addition, in certain instances the ability of the Board to issue authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock may have an anti-takeover effect. The existence of the above provisions could result in PNC being less attractive to a potential acquirer, or result in our shareholders receiving less for their shares of common stock than otherwise might be available if there is a takeover attempt. The ability of a third party to acquire PNC is also limited under applicable banking regulations. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the Bank Holding Company Act requires any bank holding company (as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act) to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring more than 5 of our voting securities. Any person other than a bank holding company is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire 10 or more of our voting securities under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978. Any person (other than an individual) that seeks to acquire 25 or more of our voting securities, control one third or more of PNC s total equity (as defined under the regulations implementing the Bank Holding Company Act), or that would own or control more than 5 of our voting securities and have other relationships that would, pursuant to Federal Reserve regulations or rulings, provide the holder a controlling influence over PNC, also must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act and, if approved, is then subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act. Furthermore, while we do not have a shareholder rights plan currently in effect, under Pennsylvania law the Board can adopt a shareholder rights plan without stockholder approval. If adopted, a shareholder rights plan could result in substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire PNC on terms not approved by the Board. DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK General Our authorized capital stock includes 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share, as reflected in the Articles of Incorporation. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Articles of Incorporation and any statements with respect to shares for any series of preferred stock. You should read the Articles of Incorporation, which includes the designations relating to each series of preferred stock. We have seven outstanding series of preferred stock: 1.80 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B, with a per share liquidation preference of 40.00 Series B Preferred Stock (38,542 authorized), Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series O, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series O Preferred Stock (10,000 authorized), Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series R, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series R Preferred Stock (5,000 authorized), 

5 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series S, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series S Preferred Stock (5,250 authorized), and 3.400 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series T, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series T Preferred Stock (15,000 authorized). 6.000 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series U, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series U Preferred Stock (10,000 authorized). 6.200 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series V, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series V Preferred Stock (12,500 authorized). 6.250 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series W, with a per share liquidation preference of 100,000 Series W Preferred Stock (15,000 authorized). The following authorized and issued preferred stock has been redeemed and restored to the status of authorized but unissued preferred stock and is no longer outstanding: 98,583 shares of 1.80 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, 1,433,935 shares of 1.60 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C, 1,766,140 shares of 1.80 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series D, 338,100 shares of 2.60 Cumulative Nonvoting Preferred Stock, Series E, 6,000,000 shares of Fixed/Adjustable Rate Noncumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, 50,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K, 1,500 shares of 9.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series L, 5,001 shares of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series M, 15,000 shares of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series P, and 4,800 shares of Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series Q. The Board is authorized without further shareholder action to cause the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock in one or more series, each with the preferences, limitations, designations, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights, dividend rights, redemption provisions, voluntary and involuntary liquidation rights and other rights as the Board may determine at the time of issuance. The rights of the holders of our common stock are subject to any rights and preferences of the outstanding series of preferred stock and the preferred stock that may be offered. In addition, the rights of the holders of our common stock and any outstanding series of our preferred stock would be subject to the rights and preferences of any additional shares of preferred stock, or any series thereof, which might be issued in the future. Summary of Key Terms of Outstanding Preferred Stock The following is a summary of certain terms of our outstanding preferred stock. To the extent not included in the table, we have also described certain aspects of our outstanding preferred stock below. Preferred Series Annual Dividend Rate Cumulative Dividend Conversion Rate Voting Right (Based on Conversion Rate) Liquidation Value per Share Redeemable B 1.80 Yes 1 preferred: 8 common Yes 40 No O (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) R (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) S (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) 

6 T (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) U (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) V (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) W (1) No None (1) 100,000 (1) (1) See discussion of particular terms for this series of preferred stock below. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., Canton, MA, is the transfer agent and registrar for the outstanding preferred stock. The Series B, Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock are currently traded in the over-the-counter market. The outstanding preferred stock is fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the outstanding preferred stock have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any additional securities that may be issued by us. Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of holders of our securities, including the holders of preferred stock, to participate in the assets of any PNC subsidiary upon its liquidation or recapitalization will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary s creditors and preferred shareholders, except to the extent we may be a creditor with recognized claims against such subsidiary or a holder of preferred shares of such subsidiary. We have elected to offer depositary shares evidenced by depositary receipts for our Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock. Each depositary share represents a fractional interest (as specified in the statement with respect to shares relating to the particular series of preferred stock) in a share of a particular series of preferred stock issued and deposited with a depositary (as defined below). For a further description of the depositary shares, you should read Description of Depositary Shares below. Dividends and Other Payments The holders of the outstanding preferred stock are entitled to receive dividends, if declared by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof. We will pay dividends to the holders of record as they appear on our stock books on the record dates fixed by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof. All series of preferred stock, with respect to the priority of payment of dividends, rank senior to all classes of common stock and any class of preferred stock we issue that specifically provides that it will rank junior to such preferred stock in respect to dividends, whether or not the preferred stock is designated as cumulative or noncumulative. The Board will not declare and pay a dividend on our common stock or on any class or series of our stock ranking subordinate as to dividends to a series of preferred stock (other than dividends payable in our common stock or in any class or series of our stock ranking subordinate as to dividends and assets to such series), until we have paid in full dividends for all past dividend periods on all outstanding senior ranking cumulative preferred stock and have declared a current dividend on all preferred stock ranking senior to that series. If we do not pay in full dividends for any dividend period on all shares of preferred stock ranking equally as to dividends, all such shares will participate ratably in the payment of dividends for that period in proportion to the full amounts of dividends to which they are entitled. Subject to certain important exceptions, the terms of certain of our outstanding series of capital securities prohibit us from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring or making a liquidation payment with respect to our preferred stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all completed dividend periods with respect to such capital security have been paid. In addition, we have outstanding junior subordinated debentures associated with certain capital securities, the terms of which permit us to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to five years. At any time when we have deferred interest payments on these debentures or if we are aware of any event that would be an event of default under the indenture governing those securities, subject to certain important exceptions, we may not declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to any of our preferred stock. 

7 Dividends from our subsidiary bank are the primary source of funds for payment of dividends to holders of preferred stock, and there are statutory limits on the amount of dividends that our subsidiary bank can pay to us without regulatory approval. We are a holding company that conducts substantially all of our operations through our banking subsidiaries and other subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make dividend payments on the preferred stock depends primarily on certain federal regulatory considerations and the receipt of dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries. There are various legal and regulatory restrictions on the ability of our banking subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us, and those restrictions can vary among the different subsidiaries based on performance, capital and other factors. Series B Preferred Stock Dividends. Holders of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends at the annual rate set forth above in the table titled Summary of Key Terms of Outstanding Preferred Stock, which are payable quarterly when and as declared by the Board. Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock Dividends. Dividends on shares of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of such series of preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Pennsylvania law, non-cumulative cash dividends based on the liquidation preference of such series of preferred stock at a rate equal to: In the case of the Series O Preferred Stock, three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.678 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from August 1, 2021 through the redemption date of the Series O Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year. In the case of the Series R Preferred Stock, 4.850 per annum for each semi-annual dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, June 1, 2023, payable in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, and three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.04 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from June 1, 2023 through the redemption date of the Series R Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year. In the case of the Series S Preferred Stock, 5.000 per annum for each semi-annual dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, November 1, 2026, payable in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, and three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.30 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from November 1, 2026 through the redemption date of the Series S Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year. In the case of the Series T Preferred Stock, 3.400 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, September 15, 2026, and the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.595 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from September 15, 2026 through the redemption date of the Series T Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year. In the case of the Series U Preferred Stock, 6.000 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, May 15, 2027, and the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 3.000 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from May 15, 2027 through the redemption date of the Series U Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year. In the case of the Series V Preferred Stock, 6.200 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, September 15, 2027, and the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 3.238 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from September 15, 2027 through the redemption date of the Series V Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year. In the case of the Series W Preferred Stock, 6.250 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from the issue date of the depositary shares to, but excluding, March 15, 2030, and the seven-year U.S. Treasury 

8 rate plus a spread of 2.808 per annum for each quarterly dividend period from March 15, 2030 through the redemption date of the Series W Preferred Stock, if any, payable in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year. In the event we issue additional shares of any such series of preferred stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares will accrue from the original issue date of such additional shares, or in the case of the Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock, if such additional shares are issued after the first dividend payment date for such series of preferred stock, dividends on such additional shares will accrue from the date on which such shares are issued (if it is a dividend payment date) or the dividend payment date next preceding the date on which such shares are issued. A dividend period for any such series of preferred stock is the period from and including a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on any such series of preferred stock for the period in which the interest rate is fixed, and in the case of the Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock, also for the period in which the interest rate is based on the five-year U.S. Treasury rate in the case of the Series T, Series U and Series V Preferred Stock and the seven-year U.S. Treasury rate in the case of the Series W Preferred Stock, are computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on any such series of preferred stock for any period in which the interest rate is based on three-month LIBOR will be computed based on the actual number of days in a dividend period and a 360-day year. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. Dividends on any such series of preferred stock will cease to accrue on the redemption date, if any, as described below under Redemption by PNC, unless we default in the payment of the redemption price of the shares called for redemption. Dividends on shares of Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof does not declare a dividend payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on such series of preferred stock are declared for any future dividend period. During a dividend period with respect to each of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock, so long as any share of such series remains outstanding, unless in each case of clause (i) through (iii) below the full dividends for the preceding dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside, (i) no dividend will be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution will be declared or made or set aside for payment on any junior stock (other than (a) a dividend payable solely in such junior stock or (b) any dividend in connection with the implementation of a shareholders rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under any such plan), (ii) no shares of junior stock will be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us (other than (a) as a result of a reclassification of such junior stock for or into other junior stock, (b) the exchange or conversion of one share of such junior stock for or into another share of junior stock, (c) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of junior stock, (d) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of such junior stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors or consultants, (e) purchases of shares of such junior stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy such junior stock existing prior to the preceding dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, or (f) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of such junior stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged), nor will any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by us, and (iii) no shares of parity stock will be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us other than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the applicable series of preferred stock and such parity stock, except by conversion into or exchange for junior stock. As used in this description, (i) junior stock means our common stock and any other class or series of our stock hereafter authorized over which the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, has preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC and (ii) parity stock means any other class or series of our 

9 stock that ranks on parity with the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC. The following series of preferred stock are considered parity stock: Series B, Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock. When dividends are not paid in full upon the shares of Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, and any parity stock, all dividends declared upon shares of such series of preferred stock and any parity stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends for such series of preferred stock, and accrued dividends, including any accumulations, on any parity stock, bear to each other for the then-current dividend period. Dividends on the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, including applicable regulatory capital rules. Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise), as may be determined by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to any of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. Voting Except as provided herein or in the applicable statement with respect to shares, or as required by applicable law, the holders of preferred stock are not entitled to vote. Except as otherwise required by law or provided by the Board and described in the applicable statement with respect to shares, holders of preferred stock having voting rights and holders of common stock vote together as one class. Holders of preferred stock do not have cumulative voting rights. We are not required to obtain any consent of the holders of preferred stock of a given series in connection with the authorization, designation, increase or issuance of any shares of preferred stock that rank junior or equal to the preferred stock of such series with respect to dividends and liquidation rights. Right to Elect Two Directors upon Nonpayment. If we fail to pay, or declare and set apart for payment, dividends on outstanding shares of preferred stock of a series for six quarterly dividend periods, or their equivalent, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors on the Board will be increased by two at the first annual meeting of shareholders held thereafter, and at such meeting and each subsequent annual meeting until cumulative dividends payable for all past dividend periods and continuous noncumulative dividends for at least one year on all outstanding shares of preferred stock of such series entitled thereto shall have been paid, or declared and set apart for payment, in full, the holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock of all series will have the right, voting together as a class, to elect such two additional directors to the Board to hold office for a term of one year. Upon such payment, or such declaration and setting apart for payment, in full, the terms of the two additional directors so elected will terminate and the number of directors on the Board will be reduced by two, and such voting rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock will end, subject to an increase in the number of directors on the Board as described above and the revesting of such voting right in the event of each and every additional failure in the payment of dividends for six quarterly dividend periods, or their equivalent, whether or not consecutive, as described above. Under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, if the holders of preferred stock of any series become entitled to vote for the election of directors because dividends on such series are in arrears as described above, that series may then be deemed a class of voting securities and a holder (other than an individual) of 25 or more of such series, a holder of control of one third or more of PNC s total equity (as defined under the regulations implementing the Bank Holding Company Act), or a holder of 5 or more if it otherwise exercises a controlling influence over PNC may then be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act. In addition, when the series is deemed a class of voting securities, any other bank holding company may be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire or retain more than 5 of 

10 that series, and any person other than a bank holding company may be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire or retain 10 or more of that series. Voting Rights under Pennsylvania Law. The PBCL attaches mandatory voting rights to preferred stock in connection with certain amendments to the Articles of Incorporation, under which the holders of preferred stock of a particular series would be entitled to vote as a class if the amendment would: authorize the Board to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences, as between series, of any preferred or special class, make any change in the preferences, limitations or special rights (other than preemptive rights or the right to vote cumulatively) of the shares of a class or series adverse to the class or series, authorize a new class or series of shares having a preference as to dividends or assets which is senior to the shares of a class or series, increase the number of authorized shares of any class or series having a preference as to dividends or assets which is senior in any respect to the shares of a class or series, or make the outstanding shares of a class or series redeemable by a method that is not pro rata, by lot or otherwise equitable. Holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock are also entitled under Pennsylvania law to vote as a class on a plan of merger that effects any change in the Articles of Incorporation if the holders would have been entitled to a class vote under the statutory provision relating to the adoption of articles amendments discussed above. Series B Preferred Stock Voting. Holders of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of full shares of common stock into which their preferred stock is convertible. Unless we receive the consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of preferred stock of all series, we will not: create or increase the authorized number of shares of any class of stock ranking senior to the preferred stock as to dividends or assets, or change the preferences, qualifications, privileges, limitations, restrictions or special or relative rights of the preferred stock in any material respect adverse to the holders of the preferred stock. Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock Voting. Except as described above or otherwise herein or in the applicable statement with respect to shares, or as required by applicable law, holders of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock have no voting rights. So long as any shares of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, remain outstanding, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of the series, voting separately as a class, shall be required to: authorize, increase the authorized amount of or issue shares of any class or series of stock ranking senior to such series of preferred stock with respect to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolutions or winding up of PNC, issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any class or series of stock ranking senior to such series of preferred stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC, amend the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of such series of preferred stock, taken as a whole, provided, however, that any increase 

11 in the amount of the authorized or issued shares of such series of preferred stock or authorized common stock or preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with or junior to such series of preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC will not be deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of such series of preferred stock, or consolidate with or merge into any other entity unless (i) the shares of such series of preferred stock outstanding at the time of such consolidation or merger are converted into or exchanged for preference securities having such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of such series of preferred stock, taken as a whole, or (ii) in the case of the Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock only, such shares remain outstanding. The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of such series of preferred stock to effect such redemption. Liquidation of PNC In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC, the holders of each outstanding series of preferred stock will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions before any distribution of assets is made to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to that series, in the amount fixed by the Board for that series and described in the applicable statement with respect to shares, plus, if dividends on that series are cumulative, accrued and unpaid dividends. Subject to certain important exceptions, the terms of certain of our outstanding capital securities prohibit us from making a liquidation payment with respect to our preferred stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all completed dividend periods with respect to that capital security have been paid. In addition, we have outstanding junior subordinated debentures associated with certain capital securities, the terms of which permit us to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to five years. At any time when we have deferred interest payments on these debentures or if we are aware of any event that would be an event of default under the indenture governing those securities, subject to certain important exceptions, we may not make a liquidation payment with respect to any of our preferred stock. Redemption by PNC Subject to certain important exceptions, the terms of certain of our outstanding capital securities prohibit us from redeeming our preferred stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all completed dividend periods with respect to that capital security have been paid. In addition, we have outstanding junior subordinated debentures associated with certain capital securities, the terms of which permit us to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to five years. At any time when we have deferred interest payments on these debentures or if we are aware of any event that would be an event of default under the indenture governing those securities, subject to certain important exceptions, we may not redeem any of our preferred stock. Redemption of preferred stock is generally subject to compliance with applicable regulatory capital rules, including any applicable approvals. Series B Preferred Stock Redemption. The Series B Preferred Stock are not currently redeemable nor entitled to the benefit of any retirement or sinking fund to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares. 

12 Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock Redemption. The Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions, and the holders of such series of preferred stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of such series of preferred stock (or any depositary shares representing such series of preferred stock). The Series O Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or part, on any date on or after August 1, 2021, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series R Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after June 1, 2023, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series S Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after November 1, 2026, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series T Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after September 15, 2026, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series U Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after May 15, 2027, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series V Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after September 15, 2027, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Series W Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after March 15, 2030, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may redeem shares of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock at any time within 90 days following the occurrence of a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined below), in whole but not part, at a redemption price equal to 100,000 per share of preferred stock (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share in the case of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, and in the case of the Series O, Series R and Series S Preferred Stock any accrued and unpaid dividends on the shares of preferred stock called for redemption up to the redemption date, or in the case of the Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock, an amount equal to the partial dividend that would have accrued from the prior scheduled dividend payment date to the redemption date. A regulatory capital treatment event means the good faith determination by us that as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the applicable series of preferred stock; (ii) any proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the applicable series of preferred stock; or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the applicable series of preferred stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of the shares of the applicable series of preferred stock then 

13 outstanding as additional Tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the regulatory capital rules of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the regulatory capital regulations of any appropriate successor federal banking agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the applicable series of preferred stock is outstanding. Redemption of the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V or Series W Preferred Stock, as applicable, is subject to our receipt of any required prior approvals from the Federal Reserve and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth in the capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve applicable to the redemption of such series of preferred stock. Conversion Series B Preferred Stock. Holders of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock currently are entitled to the conversion privileges set forth above in the table titled Summary of Key Terms of Outstanding Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into our common stock (unless called for redemption and not converted within the time allowed therefor) at any time at the option of the holder. No adjustment will be made for dividends on preferred stock converted or on common stock issuable upon conversion. The conversion rate of Series B Preferred Stock will be adjusted in certain events, including payment of stock dividends on, or splits or combinations of, the common stock or issuance to holders of common stock of rights to purchase common stock at a price per share less than 90 of current market price as defined in the Articles of Incorporation. Appropriate adjustments in the conversion provisions also will be made in the event of certain reclassifications, consolidations or mergers or the sale of substantially all of the assets of PNC. Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock Conversion. The Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock are not currently entitled to any conversion privileges. DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES We have elected to offer fractional interests in the Series O, Series R, Series S, Series T, Series U, Series V and Series W Preferred Stock, rather than whole shares of preferred stock as follows: Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series O, Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series R, Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series S, Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of 3.400 Fixed-Rate Reset Non- Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series T, Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of 6.000 Fixed-Rate Reset Non- Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series U, Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of 6.200 Fixed-Rate Reset Non- Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series V, and Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/100 interest in a share of 6.250 Fixed-Rate Reset Non- Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series W. We have provided for the issuance by a depositary to the public of receipts for depositary shares, and each of these depositary shares represents a fraction of a share of a particular series of preferred stock. The shares of any series of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares are deposited pursuant to a deposit agreement between us and a depositary selected by us. The depositary is a bank or trust company and will have its principal office in the United States and a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000. The statement with respect to shares relating to a series of depositary shares will set forth the name and address of the depositary. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each owner of a depositary share will be entitled, in 

14 proportion to the applicable fractional interest in a share of preferred stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented thereby, including any dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights. The depositary shares are evidenced by depositary receipts issued under the deposit agreement. Dividends and Other Distributions The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the preferred stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying preferred stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. If we make a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute any property received by it to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless the depositary determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. Redemption of Depositary Shares Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing the shares of preferred stock so redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary will select the depositary shares to be redeemed pro rata or by lot as may be determined by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the applicable fraction of the redemption price per share payable with respect to that series of preferred stock. Depositary shares called for redemption will no longer be outstanding after the applicable redemption date, and all rights of the holders of such depositary shares will cease, except the right to receive any money or other property upon surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts evidencing those depositary shares. Voting the Preferred Stock Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the record holders of depositary shares representing shares of such preferred stock. Each record holder of such depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the preferred stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the preferred stock represented by such depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing such preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of the preferred stock represented by such depositary shares. Conversion of Preferred Stock If a series of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares is convertible into shares of our common stock or any other class of our capital securities, we will accept the delivery of depositary receipts to convert such preferred stock using the same procedures as those for delivery of certificates for such preferred stock. If the depositary shares represented by a depositary receipt are to be converted in part only, the depositary will issue a new depositary receipt or depositary receipts for the depositary shares that are not converted. Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement We and the depositary may amend the form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement at any time. However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters the 

15 rights of the holders of depositary shares will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. Except as may be otherwise provided in the applicable deposit agreement, we or the depositary may terminate the deposit agreement only if (i) all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed or (ii) there has been a final distribution of the underlying preferred stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of PNC. Charges of Depositary We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will also pay charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and the initial issuance of the depositary shares, all withdrawals of shares of preferred stock by holders of depositary shares, and any redemption or exchange of the preferred stock at our option. Holders of depositary shares will pay other transfer and other taxes and governmental charges and such other charges as are expressly provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may remove the depositary at any time by delivering to the depositary notice of such removal. Any such resignation or removal will take effect only upon the appointment of a successor depositary and such successor depositary s acceptance of its appointment. The successor depositary must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United States and having a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000. Miscellaneous The depositary will forward to the holders of depositary shares all reports and communications that we deliver to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if we are prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond our control in performing our obligations under the deposit agreement. Our obligations and the obligations of the depositary under the deposit agreement will be limited to performance in good faith of our respective duties under the deposit agreement. Neither we nor the depositary will be obligated to appear in, prosecute or defend any action, suit or other legal proceeding relating to any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. Both we and the depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or upon information provided by holders of preferred stock or depositary shares or other persons believed by us in good faith to be competent, and on any written notice, request, direction or document believed by us to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. The depositary may also rely on information provided by us. 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 exhibit102erisaexcesspen.htm
 EX-10.2

exhibit102erisaexcesspen 

THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. ERISA EXCESS PENSION PLAN Amended and Restated (Effective as of January 1, 2023) WHEREAS, The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Corporation previously adopted and presently maintains The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ERISA Excess Pension Plan (the Plan ), originally effective as of December 1, 1984, and most recently amended and restated effective January 1, 2009; WHEREAS, the Corporation desires to amend and restate the Plan in its entirety, effective as of January 1, 2023, to incorporate amendments adopted since the previous restatement, update the Plan's claims and appeals provisions, and make certain clarifying changes; and WHEREAS, deferrals made or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005 are to be administered in accordance with the Plan as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009 and any subsequent amendments, including amended and restated plan documents, made thereafter, and deferrals made prior to January 1, 2005 and fully vested on December 31, 2004 are to be administered in accordance with Plan documents in effect at the time of deferral (and any subsequent amendments made thereafter and specifically made applicable thereto); and WHEREAS, Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board, or their respective delegates to amend the Plan at any time. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the Plan is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS As used in the Plan, initially capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein will have the meaning given to them in the Pension Plan. The following words and phrases will have the meanings assigned to them herein, unless the context otherwise requires. 1.1 Account means the bookkeeping record used under this Plan solely to communicate a Participant's or Beneficiary's Accrued Benefit expressed as a single dollar amount. An Account is established only for purposes of determining benefits hereunder and not to segregate assets or to identify assets that may or must be used to satisfy benefits. An Account will be credited with the amounts set forth in Section 3 of the Plan. A Participant's Account will also include (i) amounts which were deferred under the Plan and vested prior to January 1, 2005, which will be accounted for separately from amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005, and (ii) amounts representing accounts merged into this Plan from a prior excess pension plan, to the extent separate Exhibit 10.2 

2 accounting is determined by the Plan Manager or its delegate to be necessary in order to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or otherwise, including without limitation amounts included in this Plan as a result of the mergers of the Mercantile Plan and the National City Plan into this Plan. 1.2 Affiliate means any business entity whose relationship with the Corporation is described in subsection (b), (c) or (m) of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code. 1.3 Beneficiary or Beneficiaries means the individual or individuals designated by the Participant to receive the balance of the Participant's Account upon the Participant's death in accordance with Section 5 of the Plan. 1.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 1.5 Change in Control means a change of control of the Corporation of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Corporation is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, however, that without limitation, a Change in Control will be deemed to have occurred if: (a) any Person, excluding employee benefits plans of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act or any successor provisions thereto), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 20 or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding securities; provided, however, that such an acquisition of beneficial ownership representing between 20 and 40 , inclusive, of such voting power will not be considered a Change in Control if the Board approves such acquisition either prior to or immediately after its occurrence; (b) the Corporation consummates a merger, consolidation, share exchange, division or other reorganization or transaction of the Corporation (a Fundamental Transaction with any other corporation, other than a Fundamental Transaction that results in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least 60 of the combined voting power immediately after such Fundamental Transaction of (i) the Corporation's outstanding securities, (ii) the surviving entity's outstanding securities, or (iii) in the case of a division, the outstanding securities of each entity resulting from the division; (c) the shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation or an agreement for the sale or disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets; 

3 (d) as a result of a proxy contest, individuals who prior to the conclusion thereof constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Corporation's shareholders in connection with such proxy contest was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors prior to such proxy contest) cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board (excluding any Board seat that is vacant or otherwise unoccupied); (e) during any period of 24 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Corporation's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board (excluding any Board seat that is vacant or otherwise unoccupied); or (f) the Board determines that a Change in Control has occurred. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a divestiture or spin-off of a subsidiary or division of the Corporation will not by itself constitute a Change in Control. 1.6 Committee means the committee or its delegate appointed to administer the Pension Plan. 1.7 Corporation means The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and any successors thereto. 1.8 Deferred Compensation Plan means The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and Affiliates Deferred Compensation Plan as amended from time to time. 1.9 Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan means The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and Affiliates Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan as amended from time to time. 1.10 Employee means any person employed by an Employer. 1.11 Employer means the Corporation and any Affiliate that has been designated to participate in the Pension Plan. 1.12 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 1.13 Excess Benefits means the difference between (A) the amount of an Employee's benefit under the Pension Plan computed without taking into consideration the limitation on benefits contained in Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code and computed as if Compensation as defined in the Pension Plan included amounts deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan or the Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan (or any successor plan to the Deferred Compensation and Incentive Plan) and (B) the amount of an Employee's benefit actually computed under the Pension Plan; 

4 provided, however, that, except if and to such extent that the Plan Manager determines otherwise, in its sole discretion, if the Employee incurs (i) a Severance From Service that is a deemed Separation From Service (as described in the second sentence of Section 1.22) before January 1, 2014 or (ii) any Severance From Service on or after January 1, 2014, the amount of an Employee's benefit under the Pension Plan for purposes of calculating an Excess Benefit shall be determined without regard to amounts of Compensation, other than the Participant's base salary or wage (as applicable) earned through the date of his or her Severance From Service, that are paid or payable during the period after such Severance From Service and prior to such time, if any, that the Employee again becomes a Participant in accordance with Section 2 of the Plan. For a Participant who incurred a Total Disability prior to 1999 and who, for purposes of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, was a Participant (as defined therein) as of December 31, 1998, Excess Benefits will also include the difference between (C) the aggregate amount of the Participant's benefit under the Pension Plan and this Plan computed using Earnings Credits that reflect Compensation that, for any period, is a pro rata portion of annual Compensation equal to the sum of (i) the rate of base pay in effect at the time of Total Disability and (ii) variable pay (limited as described in the definition of Compensation in the Pension Plan) equal to the annual bonus amount earned for the calendar year prior to such Total Disability, and (D) the aggregate amount of the Participant's benefit otherwise computed under the Pension Plan and this Plan. For purposes of (A) above, in the event that payment of annual incentive compensation which is included in Compensation as variable pay is made in the form of long-term restricted stock as defined in the Interim Final Rule on TARP Standards for Compensation and Corporate Governance in advance of the date on which payment of annual incentive compensation under the applicable executive and management incentive plan(s) is made in cash to those employees whose compensation is not restricted under the Interim Final Rule (the normal payment date ), the payment of such long-term restricted stock shall be deemed to be made on the normal payment date for purposes of determining the amount in (A) to be used to calculate a Participant's Excess Benefits under this Plan. 1.14 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 1.15 Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Internal Revenue Code shall be deemed to include any regulation, ruling, or other guidance issued thereunder by the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 1.16 Mercantile Plan means The Mercantile Bankshares Corporation and Participating Affiliates Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, which was merged into the Plan effective December 31, 2007. 1.17 National City Plan means the National City Corporation Supplemental Cash Balance Pension Plan, which was merged into this Plan effective January 1, 2010. 

5 1.18 Participant means any Employee who meets the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 2 of the Plan. 1.19 Pension Plan means The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. Pension Plan as in effect on January 1, 1999 and as amended from time to time thereafter. 1.20 Plan means The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ERISA Excess Pension Plan, which is the Plan set forth in this document, as amended from time to time. 1.21 Plan Manager means any individual designated to manage the operation of the Plan as herein provided. 1.22 Separation From Service means separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. For purposes of this definition, a Participant shall be deemed to have a Separation from Service on the date on which he and the Employer reasonably anticipate that no further services would be performed after such date or that the level of bona fide services he would perform after such date would permanently decrease to no more than 20 of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of employment if less than 36 months). Notwithstanding the above, no Separation from Service shall be deemed to occur while the Participant is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence until the latest of (i) six months after commencement of the leave, other than for a Total Disability, (ii) 29 months after commencement of leave as the result of a Total Disability, or (iii) the date on which the Participant ceases to have a legally protected right to reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract. 1.23 Severance From Service means the Participant's Separation from Service with The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and all of its Affiliates. 1.24 Spouse means the person to whom the Participant is legally married on the relevant date (as determined under the laws of the state in which the Participant is a resident at the time of marriage). 1.25 Total Disability means, except as may otherwise be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, a medically determinable physical condition that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months and which would entitle a Participant to receive disability payments under a long-term disability income plan maintained by an Employer with respect to that Participant. For Participants not covered by such a plan, Total Disability means a determination by the Social Security Administration that the Participant has a disability. The definition of Total Disability contained in the Plan shall have no impact or effect on any determination regarding disability made under any other employee benefit plan of the Employer. 1.26 Trust means the grantor trust established by the Corporation to assist in funding its obligations under the Plan. 

6 SECTION 2 ELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION AND CESSATION OF PARTICIPATION An Employee who participates in the Pension Plan is eligible to participate in this Plan if the Employee has Excess Benefits. If an Employee ceases to participate in the Pension Plan, the Employee is no longer eligible to participate in this Plan. In addition, if a Participant incurs a Severance From Service, such Participant shall cease to be eligible to participate in this Plan unless and until the Plan Manager, in his or her sole discretion, determines that the Employee shall again be eligible to participate; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2 shall be construed to prevent an Employee who has been determined disabled under the Pension Plan and has Excess Benefits from participating in this Plan. In the event of any loss of eligibility to participate in this Plan, the Participant's Account will be frozen as of the date he or she ceases participation, except that interest will continue to be credited under Section 3 of the Plan; provided however that, for any Severance From Service before January 1, 2014, other than a deemed Separation From Service (as described in the second sentence of Section 1.22), nothing in this Section 2 shall be construed as preventing the allocation of Earnings Credits and Transitional Earnings Credits for the period after such Severance From Service in the same manner as such credits are allocated to the Participant's account under the Pension Plan for such period, as determined by the Plan Manager in its sole discretion. Such frozen benefit will be payable at the same time and in the same manner as benefits otherwise payable under the Plan. SECTION 3 BENEFITS An Account will be established and maintained for each Participant to whom Excess Benefits will be allocated. With respect to any period, a Participant's Account under this Plan will be allocated Earnings Credits, Transitional Earnings Credits and Interest Credits in the same manner as such Credits are allocated to the Participant's account under the Pension Plan for such period. In addition, a Participant's opening Account balance will be determined in the same manner as under the Pension Plan. SECTION 4 DISTRIBUTIONS; VESTING 4.1 Vesting. Amounts in a Participant's Account shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule as defined in the Pension Plan. 4.2 Distribution at Severance from Service Other Than Death or Total Disability. A Participant's vested Account will be distributed in cash. Amounts deferred and vested prior to January 1, 2005 will be paid in such manner as benefits are paid to the Participant under the Pension Plan. Amounts deferred or first vesting beginning with January 1, 2005 will be distributed to the Participant in a single lump-sum payment as soon as 

7 administratively practicable following, but no later than ninety (90) days after, the date that is six months after the date of a Participant's Severance from Service other than as a result of the Participant's death or Total Disability. 4.3 Distribution At Severance from Service Due to Total Disability. If a Participant incurs a Severance from Service as a result of a Total Disability, amounts deferred and vested prior to January 1, 2005 will be paid in such manner as benefits are paid to the Participant under the Pension Plan. Amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005 will be distributed to the Participant in a single lump-sum payment as soon as administratively practicable following, but no later than ninety (90) days after, the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date on which the Participant attains the maximum age for which benefits could be payable to such Participant under the Employer's applicable long-term disability plan as a result of such Total Disability, regardless of whether the Participant ceases to receive long-term disability benefits prior to attaining such maximum age. 4.4 Distribution At Death. In the event of a Participant's death prior to the distribution of his Account, amounts deferred and vested prior to January 1, 2005 will be paid to the Participant's Beneficiary or Beneficiaries designated under the Pension Plan in such manner as benefits are paid to such Beneficiary or Beneficiaries under the Pension Plan. Amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005 will be distributed to the Participant's Beneficiary or Beneficiaries designated hereunder in a single lump-sum payment as soon as administratively practicable following, but no later than ninety (90) days after, the Participant's death. 4.5 Distribution of Small Amounts. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4 to the contrary, if the value of the Participant's Account attributable to the vested amounts deferred prior to January 1, 2005 is 5,000 or less at the time of a distribution of such amount as specified in this Section 4, the distribution of such amount shall be paid in the form of a single lump-sum payment as soon as administratively practicable after the occurrence of the distribution event, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any other form of distribution with respect to such amount. Spousal consent is not required with respect to a lump-sum distribution pursuant to this Section 4.5. For the avoidance of doubt, no distribution shall be made under this Section 4.5 with respect to amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005. SECTION 5 DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARIES The Participant will designate a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries to receive the balance of the Participant's Account attributable to amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 1, 2005 upon the Participant's death. Such designation will be on a form approved by the Plan Manager and will not be effective until the Plan Manager receives the form. If no valid Beneficiary designation form is on file with the Plan Manager upon the Participant's death, then the balance of the Participant's Account attributable to amounts deferred or first vesting on or after January 

8 1, 2005 will be payable to the Beneficiary designated by the Participant for the Pension Plan. If a Participant does not have a valid Beneficiary designation form on file with the Plan Manager for the Plan and Pension Plan, as applicable, or if the Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, the Participant's Account will be distributed in the following order of priority: (i) the Participant's Spouse, (ii) the Participant's issue, per stirpes, (iii) the Participant's parents, (iv) the Participant's brothers and sisters, or (v) the Participant's executors or administrators. For the sake of clarity, Beneficiary designations under any plan that is merged into the Plan (the Prior Plan will be honored until a Participant designates a new Beneficiary or Beneficiaries under the Plan or until the Participant revokes his prior Beneficiary or Beneficiaries designations under the Prior Plan. SECTION 6 TRUST FUND No assets of the Corporation or any Employer will be segregated or earmarked in respect to any benefits, and all such benefits will constitute unsecured contractual obligations of the Employer. If the Corporation chooses to contribute to the Trust to offset its obligation under this Plan, all assets or property held by the Trust will at all times remain subject to the claims of the general creditors of the Corporation or any Employer. SECTION 7 CLAIMS PROCEDURE 7.1 Initial Claim Claims for benefits under the Plan will be filed with the Plan Manager. If any Participant or Beneficiary claims to be entitled to a benefit under the Plan and the Plan Manager determines that such claim should be denied in whole or in part, the Plan Manager will notify such person of the Plan Manager's decision in writing. Such notification will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by such person and will contain (i) specific reasons for the denial, (ii) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions, (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for such person to perfect such claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and (iv) information as to the steps to be taken if the person wishes to submit a request for review. Such notification will be given within 90 days after the claim is received by the Plan Manager. 7.2 Review Procedure Within 60 days after the date on which a Participant or Beneficiary receives a written notice of a denied claim (or, if applicable, within 60 days after the date on which such denial is considered to have occurred), such person (or his or her duly authorized representative) may (i) file a written request with the Plan Manager for a review of his or her denied claim and of pertinent documents and (ii) submit written issues and comments to the Plan Manager. The Plan Manager will notify such person of its decision in writing. 

9 Such notification will be written in a manner calculated to be understood by such person and will contain specific reasons for the decision as well as specific references to pertinent Plan provisions. The decision on review will be made within 60 days after the request for review is received by the Plan Manager. If the decision on review is not made within such period, the claim will be considered denied. 7.3 Claims and Review Procedure Not Mandatory After a Change in Control After the occurrence of a Change in Control, the claims procedure and review procedure provided for in this Section 6 will be provided for the use and benefit of Participants who may choose to use such procedures, but compliance with the provisions of this Section 6 will not be mandatory for any Participant claiming benefits after a Change in Control. It will not be necessary for any Participant to exhaust these procedures and remedies after a Change in Control prior to bringing any legal claim or action, or asserting any other demand, for payments or other benefits to which such Employee claims entitlement. 7.4 Exhaustion of Claims Procedures A claim or action (1) to recover benefits allegedly due under the Plan or by reason of any law; (2) to enforce rights under the Plan; (3) to clarify rights to future benefits under the Plan; or (4) that relates to the Plan and seeks a remedy, ruling or judgment of any kind against the Plan or a Plan Manager or a party in interest (collectively, a Judicial Claim may not be commenced in any court or forum until after the claimant has exhausted the Plan's claims and appeals procedures (an Administrative Claim ). A claimant must raise all arguments and produce all evidence the claimant believes supports the claim or action in the Administrative Claim and shall be deemed to have waived every argument and the right to produce any evidence not submitted to the Committee as part of the Administrative Claim. Any Judicial Claim must be commenced in the appropriate court or forum no later than 24 months from the earliest of (A) the date the first benefit payment was made or allegedly due; (B) the date the Committee or its delegate first denied the claimant's request; or (C) the first date the claimant knew or should have known the principal facts on which such claim or action is based; provided, however, that, if the claimant commences an Administrative Claim before the expiration of such 24-month period, the period for commencing a Judicial Claim shall expire on the later of the end of the 24-month period and the date that is three (3) months after the final denial of the claimant's Administrative Claim, such that the claimant has exhausted the Plan's claims and appeals procedures. Any claim or action that is commenced, filed or raised, whether a Judicial Claim or an Administrative Claim, after expiration of such 24-month limitations period (or, if applicable, expiration of the three (3) month limitations period following exhaustion of the Plan's claims and appeals procedures) shall be time-barred. Filing or commencing a Judicial Claim before the claimant exhausts the Administrative Claim requirements shall not toll the 24-month limitations period (or, if applicable, the 3- month limitations period). 

10 7.5 Venue The courts of competent jurisdiction in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania shall have exclusive jurisdiction for all claims, actions and other proceedings involving or relating to the Plan, a Plan Manager or a party in interest, including, by way of example and not of limitation, claim or action, (1) to recover benefits allegedly due under the Plan or by reason of any law; (2) to enforce rights under the Plan; (3) to clarify rights to future benefits under the Plan; or (4) that relates to the Plan and seeks a remedy, ruling or judgment of any kind against the Plan or a Plan Manager or a party in interest. 7.6 Burden of Proof Regarding Records The records of the Employer and any Affiliate with respect to length of employment, employment history, compensation, absences from employment and all other relevant matters may be conclusively relied on by the Committee for purposes of determining an individual's eligibility or entitlement to Plan benefits, the amount of Plan benefits payable to an individual, the appropriate timing of payment of Plan benefits to an individual, and so forth. If an individual claiming benefits under the Plan believes those records are incorrect, the individual may provide documentation supporting his or her position to the Committee for review and consideration. However, the decision of the Committee with respect to any records dispute shall be final and binding on all parties. The Employer, any Affiliate, the Committee, and all other persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, the management of its assets, and the provision of benefits thereunder, may reasonably rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of all data provided by any Participant or Beneficiary, including, without limitation, data with respect to age, health and marital status. Furthermore, the Employer, any Affiliate, and the Committee and all other persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, its assets and the benefits provided under the Plan may reasonably rely on all consents, elections and designations filed with the Plan or those associated with the operation of the Plan and its corresponding trust by any Participant, the spouse of any Participant, any Beneficiary of any Participant, or the representatives of such persons without duty to inquire into the genuineness of any such consent, election or designation. None of the aforementioned persons or entities associated with the operation of the Plan, its assets and the benefits provided under the Plan shall have any duty to inquire into any such data, and all may rely on such data being current to the date of reference, it being the duty of the Participants, spouses of Participants, and Beneficiaries to advise the appropriate parties of any change in such data. SECTION 8 ADMINISTRATION; DELEGATION The Plan Manager shall administer the Plan and shall have the same rights, powers and administrative duties as provided to the Committee under the Pension Plan. The Committee or its delegate shall administer the Trust, if any. 

11 Each of the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board, the Committee or the Plan Manager may, in its sole discretion, delegate their respective authority hereunder, including, but not limited to, as applicable, delegating authority to modify, amend, administer, construe, or vary the Plan, to the extent permitted by applicable law or administrative or regulatory rule. This Plan is intended to be a plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA and shall be administered in a manner consistent with that intent. SECTION 9 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION The Plan may be amended or terminated by the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board or their respective delegates in whole or part at any time, and any Employer may withdraw from further participation in the Plan at any time; provided, however, that no such amendment, termination or withdrawal (each, a Plan Change will, without the consent of each affected Participant, reduce or in any way adversely affect (i) the benefits payable hereunder with respect to a Participant who has terminated employment with the Corporation or an Employer (as applicable) prior to the date of such Plan Change or (ii) the amount of, or payment of, the Accrued Benefit (as hereinafter defined) of any other Participant as of the date of such Plan Change. In the event of any termination of the Plan or any portion thereof, payment of affected Participants' Accrued Benefits shall be made under and in accordance with the terms of the Plan, except that the Plan Manager may determine, in its sole discretion, to accelerate payments to all such Participants if and to the extent that such acceleration is permitted under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or otherwise restrict the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board or their respective delegates from amending the Plan to reduce or eliminate the rate of future benefit accruals. For purposes of this Section 9, the term Accrued Benefit means an amount equal to the balance of a Participant's Account immediately prior to the Plan Change. After a Change in Control, the Plan may not be amended in any manner that adversely affects the administration or payment of a Participant's benefits hereunder (including but not limited to the timing and form of payment of benefits hereunder) without the consent of the Participant nor may the provisions of this Section 9 or, for purposes of this Plan, Interest Credits as defined in the Pension Plan immediately prior to the Plan Change, be amended after a Change in Control with respect to a Participant without the written consent of the Participant; provided, however, that the failure of a Participant to consent to any such amendment will not impair the ability of the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board or their respective delegates, as the case may be, to amend the Plan with respect to any other Participant who has consented to such amendment. 

12 SECTION 10 SUCCESSORS In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor(s) to the Corporation and the Employers, the Corporation and the Employers shall be obligated to require any successor(s) (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Corporation and the Employers to expressly assume and agree to perform this Plan in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation and the Employers would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place; in the event of such a succession, references to Corporation and Employers herein shall thereafter be deemed to include such successor(s). Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, the Corporation's and the Employers' obligations under this Plan are not assignable or transferable except, in the discretion of the Corporation, to (i) any corporation, partnership or limited liability company which acquires all or substantially all of the assets of an Employer or (ii) any corporation, partnership or limited liability company into which an Employer may be merged or consolidated. SECTION 11 GOVERNING LAW This Plan will be governed according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions, to the extent not preempted by federal law. SECTION 12 FUNDING OF BENEFITS In the sole discretion of the Corporation, the Corporation may establish a grantor trust and make contributions thereto for the purpose of providing a source of funds to pay benefits as they become due and payable hereunder; provided, however, that no such trust will result in a Participant being required to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes any benefits payable hereunder prior to the date of actual payment. Notwithstanding the establishment of any such trust, a Participant's rights hereunder will be solely those of a general unsecured creditor. 

13 SECTION 13 MISCELLANEOUS 13.1 Liability of the Board, the Human Resources Committee of the Board, the Committee and the Plan Manager Neither the Board, the Committee, the Human Resources Committee of the Board, the Plan Manager nor any of their delegates will be liable to any person for any action taken or admitted in connection with the administration, interpretation, construction or variance of the Plan. 13.2 No Contract of Employment Participation in the Plan does not give any person any right to be retained in the service of the Corporation or any Affiliate. The right and power of the Corporation or any Affiliate to terminate any Employee is expressly reserved. 13.3 Compensation under Other Plans Any amount payable under this Plan shall not be considered compensation for the purpose of computing benefits to which a Participant may be entitled under any qualified pension plan (as that term is defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) or other arrangement of the Corporation or an Affiliate for the benefit of Employees, except as specified in such plan or arrangement. 13.4 Withholding The Corporation or an Affiliate shall have the right to deduct from payment of any amount under the Plan any taxes required by law to be withheld from a Participant or Beneficiary with respect to such payment. 13.5 Spendthrift Clause The interests of Participants and their Beneficiaries under the Plan are not in any way subject to their debts or other obligations and may not be voluntarily or involuntarily sold, transferred, or assigned, except to the extent otherwise required by law. For the sake of clarity, domestic relations orders purporting to assign benefits under the Plan do not apply to the Plan. 13.6 Severability Whenever possible, each provision of this Plan shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law (including the Internal Revenue Code), but if any provision of the Plan shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then (i) such provision shall be deemed to be amended to, and to have contained from the outset such language as shall be necessary to, accomplish the objectives of the 

14 provision as originally written to the fullest extent permitted by law, and (ii) any other provisions of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 13.7 Construction No rule of strict construction shall be applied against the Corporation, Affiliate, Committee, Board, Human Resources Committee of the Board, Plan Manager or any other person regarding the interpretation of any terms of this Plan or any rule or procedure established by the Plan Manager. Where the context allows, words in the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural. The captions of sections and paragraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions. 13.8 Corporation and Affiliate Liability Whenever, in the Committee's or the Plan Manager's opinion, any person entitled to receive any payment is under a legal disability, a minor, or incapacitated in any way, so as to be unable to manage his or her financial affairs, the Corporation or an Affiliate, at its discretion, may make such payment for the benefit of such person to his or her legal representative, or to a relative or friend of such person for his or her benefit, or it may apply the payment for the benefit of such person in any manner it deems advisable. When the Corporation or an Affiliate makes any payment pursuant to this subsection, it shall be considered as a complete discharge of its liability for the making of such payments under the Plan. 13.9 Entire Agreement This writing constitutes the final and complete embodiment of the understandings of the parties hereto and all prior understandings and communications of the parties oral or written concerning this Plan are hereby renounced, revoked and superseded. 13.10 Notices All notices to the Corporation hereunder shall be delivered to the attention of the Plan Manager acting on its behalf. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee, Plan Manager or the Corporation under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the Plan Manager, at the principal office of the Corporation. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or the receipt for registration or certification. 

15 13.11 Merger of Mercantile Bankshares Corporation and Participating Affiliates Supplemental Cash Balance Plan into the Plan. The Mercantile Plan merged into the Plan effective December 31, 2007. Under the Plan, each individual who had an account balance merged into the Plan from the Mercantile Plan has an Account equal to or greater than the account balance such individual had under the Mercantile Plan immediately before the merger. 13.12 Compliance with Law The Plan is intended to comply with applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, and will be administered in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent that Internal Revenue Code Section 409A applies to the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, distributions from the Plan may only be made in a manner, and upon an event, permitted by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring penalties under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, then such benefit or payment will be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such penalties will not be imposed. To the extent that any provision of the Plan would cause a conflict with the applicable requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, or would cause the administration of the Plan to fail to satisfy the applicable requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, such provision shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by applicable law. 13.13 Merger of National City Plan The National City Plan was merged into the Plan effective January 1, 2010. Under the Plan, each individual who had an account balance merged into the Plan from the National City Plan has an Account equal to or greater than the account balance such individual had under the National City Plan immediately before the merger. Executed and adopted by the Chief Human Resources Officer of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. this 14th day of December, 2022, pursuant to the authority delegated by PNC's Human Resources Committee. /s/ Vicki C. Henn Vicki C. Henn Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-21>
 5
 pnc-12312022xex21.htm
 EX-21

pnc-12312022xex21 

Exhibit 21 THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. SCHEDULE OF CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES (As of December 31, 2022) Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization PNC Bancorp, Inc. (1) Delaware PNC Bank, National Association (1) United States PNC Merchant Services Company Delaware PNC NCNVINV, Inc. Delaware PNC Investments, LLC Delaware PNC Holding, LLC (1) Delaware PNC Investment Company, LLC Delaware PNC Capital Markets, LLC PNC Capital Finance, LLC Pennsylvania Delaware (1) The names of the subsidiaries of the indicated entities are omitted because such subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 6
 pnc-12312022xex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

EXHIBIT 22 
 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The 100 owned finance subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC identified in the table below, has issued the securities listed opposite each of such subsidiary issuer in the table below. PNC has fully and unconditionally guaranteed (or effectively provided for the full and unconditional guarantee of) all such securities 
 
 Subsidiary Issuer Guaranteed Securities PNC Capital Trust C Floating rate preferred trust securities 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231signed.htm
 EX-23.1

exhibit231signed 

1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-210994 and 333-261622) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-156540, 333-18069, 333-65040, 333-136808, 333- 172931, 333-156886, 333-177896, 333-134169, 333-139345, 333-143182, 333-177898, 333-156527, 333- 198461, 333-210995, 333-229874, 333-238049 and 033-62311) of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania February 22, 2023 Exhibit 23.1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 8
 exhibit24.htm
 EX-24

exhibit24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned Directors and/or Officers of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (the Corporation ), a Pennsylvania corporation, hereby names, constitutes and appoints Robert Q. Reilly, Gregory H. Kozich, Laura L. Long and Laura Gleason, and each of them, as such person s true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Form 10-K including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation and/or as an Officer of the Corporation to the 2022 Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as he or she may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments or supplements thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, acting alone may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This Power of Attorney will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The execution of this Power of Attorney is not intended to, and does not, revoke any prior powers of attorney other than the revocation, in accordance with applicable laws, of any power of attorney previously granted specifically in connection with the filing of the 2022 Form 10-K (and any and all related documents, including any amendments or supplements to the 2022 Form 10-K). Exhibit 24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the following persons have duly signed this Power of Attorney in the capacities indicated as of this 16th day of February, 2023. Name/Signature Capacity /s/ William S. Demchak William S. Demchak Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Robert Q. Reilly Robert Q. Reilly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Gregory H. Kozich Gregory H. Kozich Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Joseph Alvarado Joseph Alvarado Director /s/ Debra A. Cafaro Debra A. Cafaro Director /s/ Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire Marjorie Rodgers Cheshire Director /s/ Andrew T. Feldstein Andrew T. Feldstein Director /s/ Richard J. Harshman Richard J. Harshman Director /s/ Daniel R. Hesse Daniel R. Hesse Director /s/ Renu Khator Renu Khator Director /s/ Linda R. Medler Linda R. Medler Director /s/ Robert A. Niblock Robert A. Niblock Director /s/ Martin Pfinsgraff Martin Pfinsgraff Director /s/ Bryan S. Salesky Bryan S. Salesky Director /s/ Toni Townes-Whitley Toni Townes-Whitley Director /s/ Michael J. Ward Michael J. Ward Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 pnc-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(f) and 15d-14(f), this certification does not relate to Interactive Data Files as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T. 
 C ERTIFICATION OF C HIEF E XECUTIVE O FFICER 
 I, William S. Demchak, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s William S. Demchak William S. Demchak Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 pnc-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(f) and 15d-14(f), this certification does not relate to Interactive Data Files as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T. 
 C ERTIFICATION OF C HIEF F INANCIAL O FFICER 
 I, Robert Q. Reilly, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Robert Q. Reilly Robert Q. Reilly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 pnc-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(f) and 15d-14(f), this certification does not relate to Interactive Data Files as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T. 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (Corporation) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (Report), I, William S. Demchak, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation for the dates and periods covered by the Report. 
 This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 
 
 s William S. Demchak William S. Demchak Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 pnc-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(f) and 15d-14(f), this certification does not relate to Interactive Data Files as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T. 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (Corporation) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (Report), I, Robert Q. Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation for the dates and periods covered by the Report. 
 This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 

s Robert Q. Reilly Robert Q. Reilly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 pnc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 pnc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 pnc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 pnc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 pnc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

