<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1563665_0001493152-23-009840.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8182141</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>392576</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2444293</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2499731</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1261797</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1389071</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009840.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Biostage, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				455210462
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35853
		FILM NUMBER:		23781791

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		84 OCTOBER HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 11
		CITY:			HOLLISTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(774) 233-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		84 OCTOBER HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 11
		CITY:			HOLLISTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009840.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 
 
 or 

Transition
 report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.01 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 YES
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 YES
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES 
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

 YES 
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 YES

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to
the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022 was
approximately million based on the closing sale price on that date of 4.65. Shares of the registrant s common stock held
by each officer and director and each person known to the registrant to own 10 or more of the outstanding voting power of the registrant
have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a determination for other
purposes. 

At
March 20, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 24 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 42 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 43 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 43 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 44 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 50 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 51 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 58 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 64 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 66 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 67 

Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 68 

Signatures 
 71 

i 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act),
each as amended. The forward-looking statements are principally, but not exclusively, contained in Item 1: Business 
and Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about management s
confidence or expectations and our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions that are not historical facts and the potential
impact of COVID-19 on our business and operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as
 may, will, should, could, would, seek, 
 expect, plans, aim, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, projects, predicts, intends, think, 
 continue, potential, is likely, permit, objectives, 
 optimistic, new, goal, target, strategy and similar
expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future
events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks in detail under the heading Item 1A. Risk
Factors beginning on page 24 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully review all of these factors, as well as
other risks described in our public filings, and you should be aware that there may be other factors, including factors of which we
are not currently aware, that could cause these differences. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and
assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. We may not update these forward-looking statements, even though our situation
may change in the future, unless we have obligations under the federal securities laws to update and disclose material developments
related to previously disclosed information. Biostage, Inc. is referred to herein as we, our, 
 us, and the Company. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing regenerative-medicine treatments for disorders of the gastro-intestinal system
and the airway resulting from cancer, trauma or birth defects. Our technology is based on our proprietary cell-therapy platform that
uses a patient s own stem cells to regenerate and restore function to damaged organs. We believe that our technology represents
a next-generation solution for restoring organ function because it allows the patient to regenerate their own organ, thus eliminating
the need for human donor or animal transplants, the sacrifice of another of the patient s own organs or permanent artificial implants. 

In
August 2017, we conducted the world s first successful regeneration of the esophagus after the cancer in the patient s esophagus
had been surgically removed. This surgery was performed by Dr. Dennis Wigle, Chair of Thoracic Surgery at the Mayo Clinic. The results
were published in the Journal of Thoracic Oncology Clinical and Research Reports in August 2021. The procedure demonstrated that our
technology was able to successfully regenerate esophageal tissue, including the mucosal lining, to restore the integrity, continuity
and functionality of the esophageal tube. 

Our
technology uses mesenchymal stem cells that are retrieved via biopsy from the patient s abdominal adipose, or fat, tissue prior to surgery.
These stem cells are isolated, expanded and then implanted on a hollow, tubular scaffold made from extremely thin fibers of polyurethane.
The scaffold is then incubated in a customized bioreactor where the stem cells expand further and begin to adhere to the fibers of the
scaffold. The finished graft is then surgically implanted to replace the resected portion of the damaged organ. Several weeks after surgery,
once a conduit has been established, the implanted scaffold is removed. No permanent artificial implant remains in the body. 

We
are initially targeting regeneration of the organs of the gastro-intestinal tract and the airway, where organ transplants are not medically
possible today. Human-donor organ transplants or animal xenotransplants are currently not performed for these organs due to high rates
of rejection. Additionally, we believe that our technology and intellectual property will allow us to develop organ-regeneration treatments
for other organs. 

Based
on our successful first-in-human procedure and our preclinical procedures in over 50 pigs, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or
FDA has approved our Investigational New Drug (IND) application to begin a combined phase 1/2 clinical trial for esophageal
regeneration. This open-label trial will assess both safety and efficacy in up to ten patients requiring up to a 6cm esophageal
replacement for any reason, including cancer, at up to five U.S. hospitals. We have contracted with IQVIA, a leading global provider
of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry, as the contract research
organization (CRO) to manage our first clinical trial. We intend to initiate this trial in the second quarter of
2023. 

Our product candidates are currently in development
and have not yet received regulatory approval for sale anywhere in the world. 

Our
Pipeline 

We
believe our organ-regeneration technology has the potential for broad applications in the field of medicine, for the repair or replacement
of diseased or damaged organs. We are initially targeting conditions of the esophagus, including cancer, traumatic injury and birth defects.
Additional product candidates in our development pipeline include ones to treat cancer, injury and birth defects of the bronchus. Based
on discussions with surgeons familiar with regenerative medicine techniques, we believe that our technology may also be applicable to
treating cancer, injury and birth defects in the colon and intestine. 

1 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to develop and advance our pipeline of products, beginning with our lead product for the treatment of esophageal cancer,
through clinical development and commercialization. The key elements of our strategy include: 

Initiate the
 phase 1/2 clinical trial for our lead product candidate, the Biostage TM Esophageal Implant, for the treatment of severe
 esophageal disease. Based upon our successful initial case of esophageal regeneration and our animal models, the FDA has approved
 our Investigational New Drug (IND) application to commence a clinical trial in up to ten patients. We plan to initiate this trial
 in early 2023. 

Advance our other pipeline
 products through clinical development. Based on the establishment of a favorable safety and efficacy profile that we expect to demonstrate
 in our phase 1/2 clinical trial for regeneration of the esophagus, we intend to initiate a clinical trial for the treatment of esophageal
 atresia, a rare birth defect. As we build our safety and efficacy data, we plan to initiate clinical trials in other areas including
 cancer, injury and birth defects in the bronchus. 

Develop our technology
 for use in other life-threatening conditions that have a relatively shorter time to market. We believe our technology has broad applications
 to treat organ failure. We intend to develop products focused on life-threatening conditions where current treatments are ineffective,
 expensive or both. Many organ failures are orphan diseases, and we have orphan drug designations from the FDA on our product candidates
 for severe disease in both the esophagus and the trachea. We believe that developing products for such conditions will require smaller
 clinical trials and an overall less expensive development pathway than developing treatments for less severe conditions. 

Pursue development pathways
 in international markets. In addition to the U.S., we intend to pursue regulatory approval for our products in several key international
 markets, including China, Europe and the UK. Many of the conditions we are targeting have significantly higher patient populations
 in foreign countries than in the U.S., thereby making them attractive commercial markets. We intend to engage foreign health regulatory
 bodies to develop clinical and regulatory strategies to gain international approvals. 

Collaborate with leading
 medical and research institutions to develop our products and build awareness. We intend to continue to collaborate with thought-leading
 medical institutions as we continue clinical development of our products and ultimately reach commercialization. We currently have
 a co-development initiative with the Mayo Clinic and with the Connecticut Children s Medical Center. We intend to build additional
 partnerships and collaborations with leading institutions that we believe will help to drive awareness of our products and increase
 the likelihood of market adoption. 

The
Problem 

According
to the American Cancer Society, every year approximately 17,000 Americans are diagnosed with esophageal cancer and approximately 15,000
of these diagnosed patients die from it. A year after being diagnosed with esophageal cancer, 50 of the patients have died. After five
years, 80 of these patients have died. According to the World Health Organization s International Agency for Research on Cancer,
every year, there are more than 600,000 patients diagnosed with esophageal cancer worldwide. 

The
current treatment for patients with esophageal cancer is removal of the diseased part of the esophagus in a surgical procedure
called an esophagectomy. The gap left by the removal of part of the esophagus is then repaired using one of two, difficult and
expensive surgeries, both of which have frequent and significant complications. The first type of surgery is gastric pull-up. In
this surgery, the patient s stomach is reshaped into a tube and pulled up from the abdomen into the chest to connect to the
top of the esophagus. With gastric pull-up, the patient no longer has a stomach with which to digest food. In the second type of
surgery, termed colonic interposition, a piece of the patient s bowel is cut out and used to bridge the gap where the diseased
esophagus was removed. With colonic interposition, the patient often has insufficient intestine to digest food properly. Both
surgical procedures have high rates of complications such as damage to the lungs and infections caused by leakage of stomach acids
into the chest. Even with these surgical treatments, esophageal cancer is one of the deadliest forms of cancer. 

2 

In
addition to cancer, there are other injuries to the esophagus such as fistulas (holes), injuries caused by the accidental ingestion of
acids and alkalis, and birth defects. These are all difficult to treat surgically and often have significant long-term complications. 

Hence,
there is an enormous need for, and a huge market for, a better treatment for cancer, injuries and birth defects of the esophagus. 

Our
Solution Biostage Organ-Regeneration Technology 

Our
organ-regeneration technology uses a patient s own stem cells seeded on a temporary scaffold to regrow and restore their damaged
organ. We believe our technology has numerous advantages over other attempts to restore organ function because our implant is
not a transplant of a human-donor organ, it is not a transplant of an animal organ, it is not a piece of one of the patient s other
organs, and it is not an artificial implant that remains permanently in the body. Our implants will allow the patient to regenerate
their own organ inside their own body. 

Our esophageal implant consists of a hollow, tubular scaffold consisting of a thin polyurethane fiber mesh that is formed in the shape of the
damaged section of the organ. This scaffold is seeded with the patient s own mesenchymal stem cells which are obtained
a few weeks before surgery through a biopsy of adipose (fat) tissue from the patient s abdomen. The stem cells are isolated
and expanded and then seeded onto the tubular scaffold. The scaffold is then be placed into a customized bioreactor for incubation
and further cell expansion. During several days of incubation in our bioreactor, the stem cells attach to and grow into the
outer 25 of the scaffold. The stem cell-seeded scaffold is then surgically implanted into the patient to bridge the gap created
where diseased or damaged part of the esophagus was removed. 

The
stem cells then stimulate the body s natural wound-healing process including stimulating new blood vessel formation,
scar-tissue formation and the remodeling of that scar tissue into esophageal tissue. The scaffold guides the growth of
new cells to regenerate the esophagus. After approximately one month, a complete biological tube, or conduit, has formed and after approximately three months, the tube has developed into a layered structure that contains the critical
blood supply, muscles, and mucous-secreting glands to create a functioning esophagus. At this point, the implanted scaffold is
removed, as it is not a permanent implant. 

Our
Technology Platform: How the Biostage Esophageal Implant Works 

The
bioreactor and scaffold are made in our clean-room facilities in Holliston, Massachusetts and the cell seeding is performed at the FDA-approved,
clinical-grade human cell culture facility at the University of Texas Medical Branch. 

3 

Our
manufacturing process for the bioreactors and scaffolds has been approved by the FDA for the clinical trial. Based on expected FDA inspections
additional development may be necessary for product approval. 

For
our scaffolds, our primary materials are medical-grade plastic resins and solvents used to liquefy the resins in our manufacturing process.
These materials are readily available from a variety of suppliers and do not currently represent a large proportion of our total costs.
For our autoseeders and bioreactors, we perform final assembly and testing of components that we buy from third parties like machine
shops, parts distributors, molding facilities and printed circuit board manufacturers. These manufacturing operations are performed primarily
at our Holliston, Massachusetts headquarters. 

Advantages
of the Biostage Esophageal Implant 

Compared
with the current standard of care procedures for esophageal cancer patients, either gastric pull-up or colonic interposition, our
esophageal implant offers the following major advantages: 

Patients can
 avoid the frequently life-threatening complications of either gastric pull up or colonic interpositioning surgery; 

Autologous stem cells eliminate
 the risk of immune system rejection; 

The procedure does not
 require the sacrifice of the patient s stomach or colon, so those organs remain intact and function accordingly; 

It leaves no permanent
 implant or artificial structure in the body. Permanent implants can lead to long-term complications, including infection, which can
 lead to further surgical procedures including removal; 

Eliminates the need for
 sutures where the two ends of the esophagus are joined together. The sutures are a frequent cause of fluid leaks and infections post-surgery;
 and 

Patients can remain on
 a reasonable diet after a procedure with our esophageal implant. 

We
believe that these significant medical advantages will lead to strong demand from patients and doctors for our esophageal implant. Additionally, we believe that it will receive a favorable reimbursement
profile from payors and insurance companies because of the high cost and complications associated with alternative procedures. 

First-In-Human
Use of the Biostage Esophageal Implant and Scientific Proof of Esophageal Regeneration 

On
August 7, 2017, we announced the use of our esophageal implant in a patient at the Mayo Clinic via an FDA-approved single-use expanded
access, or compassionate use, application. The patient was a 75-year-old male with a life-threatening cancerous mass in his chest that
spanned his heart, a lung, and his esophagus. The surgery was performed by Dr. Dennis Wigle, Chair of Thoracic Surgery, to remove the
tumor, repair the heart, part of one lung, and a section of the esophagus. Our esophageal implant was interpositioned into the gap in
the esophagus created by the removal of the tumor. The patient s surgeon informed us at that time that the surgery was successful,
and the patient was discharged from the hospital 42 days after implantation. The scaffold and stent were removed on day 104 after implantation. 

In
February 2018, the surgeon informed us that the patient had died after living approximately eight months after surgery. The surgeon stated
that the cause of death was a stroke, and that the stroke was unrelated to the esophageal implant. The surgeon also informed us that
a preliminary autopsy had shown that the esophageal implant resulted in a regenerated esophageal tube in the patient, except for a very
small (approximately 5mm) hole outside the implant zone on the lateral wall that was right up against a synthetic graft inserted as part
of the patient s heart repair on the vena cava in that same surgery. The synthetic graft on the pericardium was not related to
our esophageal implant product candidate and may have acted as an irritant to esophageal tissue where it contacted the esophageal implant.
The surgeon also informed us that the esophageal regeneration in this patient was consistent with the regeneration previously observed
in our pig studies. 

The
results were published in the Journal of Thoracic Oncology Clinical and Research Reports in August 2021. The photographs below,
taken from the paper, show the explanted esophagus from this procedure. The image on the left is the actual esophagus. As displayed
below, the implant zone is visually almost identical to native esophagus which is the area both above and below the implant zone. The thickness, color and texture of the regenerated esophagus is nearly indistinguishable from the
native esophagus. 

4 

The dark-brown tube in the center of the esophagus
is the stent that was added to avoid narrowing of the esophagus. The stent for this patient was changed twice, once prior to our esophageal
implant scaffold removal and once after the scaffold and the second stent were removed. The final stent was removed at five and a half
months post-surgery. We anticipate that patients treated with our esophageal implant are likely to undergo at least one stent exchange
during their recovery with the discontinuation of stents by six to nine months post-surgery. Stents are deployed and retrieved endoscopically,
that is, via the mouth, and accordingly, there is no surgical incision in the chest. 

The
images on the righthand side are photographs taken under a microscope to show, from left to right, cells (stained pink), layered
structure (stained blue and purple) and muscles (stained yellow). The images show a high level of consistency between the
regenerated esophagus and the native esophagus, both to the naked eye and under the microscope. In the right most panels, the
yellowish coloration along the left side of the images shows a continuous line of muscles running up the regenerated esophagus.
These muscles are the muscularis mucosae which contract to eject mucous into the esophagus. This mucosal lining is essential to the
long-term survival of the patient because it both lubricates the esophagus to allow food to be swallowed and provides a barrier to
infection. This mucosal lining was seen at three months in both the human patient and in our pig models. 

In
this patient we saw the development of a tube of the patient s own tissue within one month, and the development of the mucosal
lining within three months. In pig models we have similarly seen the development of a tube within one month and the development of the
mucosal lining within three months. In our clinical trial, the primary endpoint is the development of the tube of the patient s
tissue within three months and one of the secondary endpoints is the development of the mucosal lining within twelve months. 

Preclinical
Models - Pig Studies 

The
pre-clinical animal studies using our esophageal implant investigated several key aspects of the product pertaining to the implant
procedure, cell survival, the architecture of the regenerated tissue at multiple survival time points, the post-implantation
clinical management procedures including Computed Tomography, or CT imaging to assess the growth of new tissue, esophageal stent
management, endoscopy procedures, barium swallow tests and nutritional management. 

Following
implantation, CT imaging revealed early tissue deposition and the formation of a contiguous tissue conduit. Endoscopic evaluation at
multiple time points revealed complete epithelialization of the lumenal surface by day 90. Histologic evaluation at several necropsy
time points, post-implantation, demonstrated that the tissue continues to remodel over the course of a one-year survival time period,
resulting in the development of esophageal structural features, including the mucosal epithelium, muscularis mucosae, lamina propria,
as well as smooth muscle proliferation/migration initiating the formation of a laminated adventitia. One-year survival demonstrated restoration
of oral nutrition, normal animal growth and the overall safety of this treatment regimen. 

The
image below is taken from a paper we published in Nature Partner Journals Regenerative Medicine in January 2022, in conjunction with
our development partner, Connecticut Children s Medical Center. 

This
image shows an esophagus explanted from a pig 90 days after our esophageal implant was implanted. The implant zone is visually
almost identical to the native tissue to the left and right of it. We can note the regeneration of the interior surface of the
esophagus and the regeneration of the surrounding tissue that is visible in red at the top of the red box. The red color of the
surrounding tissue indicates the presence of a healthy blood supply. We note further the glossy, reflective coating on the inside of
the esophagus. This is evidence of the mucosal lining which is essential to the long-term survival of the patient. This mucosal
lining was seen at three months in the pigs and was also observed in the human patient. The investigators concluded that at one year it was difficult to distinguish
neo-tissue versus the native tissue. 

5 

Upcoming
Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial 

Based
on both the successful in-human procedure at the Mayo Clinic and our extensive large-animal research, the FDA has approved our Investigational
New Drug application to commence our clinical trial. The trial will be a ten-patient combined phase 1/2 trial, in up to five hospitals
in the U.S. that measures both the safety and efficacy of our product candidate in the patient population. Enrollment criteria includes
any patient that requires removal of a part of the esophagus that is less than six centimeters long for any medical reason. We expect
enrolled patients to include esophageal cancer patients, but we may enroll patients with other esophageal conditions that require regeneration.
We expect to initiate the trial in the second quarter of 2023. 

The
primary endpoint of the upcoming trial is the establishment of a continuous biological neoconduit, or tube, by three months post-surgery.
We saw this tube at one month in the human patient and in the pigs. One of the secondary endpoints will be the development of a mucosal
lining in the esophagus by twelve months post-surgery. We saw this mucosal lining by three months in the human patient and the pigs.
Because we reached the primary endpoint and one of the secondary endpoints in both the human patient and the pigs, we believe that we
have a high likelihood of success in this clinical trial. 

Based
on the FDA s approval of our clinical trial for any condition that requires removal of part of the esophagus, we believe that we
are able to pursue the treatment of multiple diseases, injuries or birth defects with a single clinical trial. As a result, we believe
that this clinical trial will advance the Biostage Esophageal Implant for numerous indications including to treat esophageal cancer,
Barrett esophagus, fistulas, traumatic injury to the esophagus and birth defects in the esophagus. Compared to developing treatments
for a single underlying medical condition, we believe that addressing multiple medical conditions in a single clinical trial has the
potential to significantly reduce our costs to expand the market for our products. 

6 

Preclinical
Development 

In
January 2022, together with Connecticut Children s Medical Center, we published in Nature Partner Journals Regenerative Medicine
the results of implanting pediatric-sized esophageal implants in 15 piglets. Numerous survival times were histologically analyzed to
understand the tissue development and timing of the regeneration. Overall, the graft implantation procedure was deemed safe and feasible.
The piglets showed regeneration of a conduit, or tube, by one month and the regeneration of a normal mucosal lining by three months.
Additionally, histological evaluation demonstrated that the tissue continued to develop throughout the course of the one-year survival
period. Importantly, the piglets also showed normal growth and weight gain which are considered critical in treating human babies. 

This
research also developed novel post-surgical techniques that closely mimic the hospital care that human babies undergo. These techniques
included non-invasive CT imaging of the regenerated tissue and feeding the piglets via G tubes which are normally used to feed human
babies after surgeries in the gastro-intestinal tract. 

Clinical
Pathway 

We
believe that this study laid both the scientific and clinical groundwork for treating babies with birth defects in the esophagus with
the Biostage Esophageal Implant. The FDA approval for the clinical trial allows us to treat children once we have established safety
in adult patients in the phase 1/2 clinical trial. Once we have established the safety of the implant in adults, we expect to recruit
children into the clinical trial. 

Orphan
Drug Designation Seven Years of Exclusivity 

In
November 2016, we were granted Orphan Drug Designation for our esophageal implant by the FDA to restore the structure and function
of the esophagus subsequent to esophageal damage due to cancer, injury or congenital abnormalities. We also were granted Orphan Drug
Designation for trachea on September 4, 2014. 

The
Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers to develop and market drugs and biologics for rare diseases and conditions affecting
fewer than 200,000 persons in the U.S. at the time of application for orphan drug designation, or more than 200,000 individuals in the
U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product available in
the U.S. for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan product designation must be requested
before submitting a new drug application, or NDA, or Biologics License Application or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan product designation, the identity of the therapeutic
agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or
shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. The first developer to receive FDA marketing approval for an orphan
biologic is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product as well as a waiver of the BLA user fee.
The exclusivity prevents FDA approval of another application for the same product for the same indication for a period of seven years,
except in limited circumstances where there is a change in formulation in the original product and the second product has been proven
to be clinically superior to the first. In addition, Orphan Drug Designation provides a seven-year marketing exclusivity period against
competition in the U.S. from the date of a product s approval for marketing. This exclusivity would be in addition to any exclusivity
we may obtain from our patents. Additionally, orphan designation provides certain incentives, including tax credits and a waiver of the BLA fee. We also plan to apply for Orphan Drug Designation for our esophageal implant in
Europe. Orphan Drug Designation in Europe would provide market exclusivity in Europe for a period of ten years from the date of the product s
approval for marketing. 

7 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to develop and advance our pipeline of products, beginning with our lead product for the treatment of esophageal cancer,
through clinical development and commercialization. The key elements of our strategy include: 

Initiate
 the phase 1/2 clinical trial for our lead esophageal implant product candidate for the treatment
 of severe esophageal disease. Based upon our successful initial case of esophageal regeneration and our animal models, the FDA
 has approved our IND application to commence a clinical trial in up to ten patients. We plan to initiate this trial in the second quarter of 2023. 

Advance
 our other pipeline products through clinical development. Based on the establishment of a favorable safety and efficacy profile
 that we expect to demonstrate in our phase 1/2 clinical trial for regeneration of the esophagus, we intend to initiate a clinical
 trial for the treatment of esophageal atresia, a rare birth defect. As we build our safety and efficacy data, we plan to initiate
 clinical trials in other areas including cancer, injury and birth defects in the bronchus. 

Develop
 our technology for use in other life-threatening conditions that have a relatively shorter time to market. We intend to develop
 products focused on life-threatening conditions where current treatments are ineffective, expensive or both. Many organ failures
 are orphan diseases, and we have orphan drug designations from the FDA on our product candidates for severe disease in both the esophagus
 and the trachea. We believe that developing products for such conditions will require smaller clinical trials and an overall less
 expensive development pathway than developing treatments for less severe conditions. 

Pursue
 development pathways in international markets. In addition to the U.S., we intend to pursue regulatory approval for our products
 in several key international markets, including China, Europe and the UK. Many of the conditions we are targeting, have significantly
 higher patient populations in foreign countries than in the U.S., thereby making them attractive commercial markets. We intend to
 engage foreign health regulatory bodies to develop clinical and regulatory strategies to gain international approvals. 

Collaborate
 with leading medical and research institutions to develop our products and build awareness. We intend to continue to collaborate
 with thought-leading medical institutions as we continue clinical development of our products and ultimately reach commercialization.
 We currently have a co-development initiative with the Mayo Clinic and with the Connecticut Children s Medical Center. We intend
 to build additional partnerships and collaborations with leading institutions that we believe will help to drive awareness of our
 products and increase the likelihood of market adoption. 

Our
Technology 

Biocompatible
Scaffold Component 

Our
proprietary biocompatible scaffold component of our esophageal implant is constructed primarily of extremely thin polyurethane
fibers. This material was chosen based on extensive testing of various materials. The scaffold is made using a manufacturing process
known as electrospinning. The combination of the electrospinning process, which provides control over the desired microstructure of the
scaffold fabric, with the polyurethane results in a scaffold that we believe has favorable biocompatibility characteristics. 

The
Patient s Cells 

The
cells we seed onto the scaffold are obtained from the patient s adipose tissue, or abdominal fat. This fat tissue is obtained from
a standard biopsy during the weeks leading up to the implant surgery. Mesenchymal stromal cells are extracted and isolated from the adipose
tissue biopsy. The isolated cells are then expanded, or grown, for a short period prior to surgery in order to derive a sufficient cell
population to be seeded on the scaffold. The cells are then seeded on the scaffold in our proprietary bioreactor and incubated there
before the implant surgery. 

8 

Our
technology is protected by twelve issued U.S. patents (including patents on the bioreactor, the structure of the scaffold and the retrievable
nature of the scaffold), two Orphan-Drug Designations from the FDA, both of which confer seven
years of exclusivity in addition to protection offered by the patents, and our first-mover advantage which allows us to improve the standard
of care. Potential competitors would now have to improve upon our new standard of care rather than just improve on the existing standard
of care in order to get their product candidates approved by the FDA. In addition, our patent claims cover patches as well as tubular
structures. We intend to develop patches for the repair of tubular organs as well as solid organs. 

See
the Intellectual Property, Licenses and Related Agreements section below for more details. 

Additional
Targeted Diseases 

Targeted
Diseases 

According
to the World Health Organization, or WHO, International Agency for Research on Cancer s Global Cancer Observatory database, worldwide
there were over 600,000 cases of esophageal cancer in 2020. There are over one million cases of colon cancer. In addition, there are
approximately 22,000 cases of bronchus cancer that, based on conversations with surgeons, we believe could be treated with our technology.
The following are the approximate case counts by certain geographic region pertaining to the cancers noted below: 

Case
 Count by Geography 
 
 Cancer Type 
 USA 
 China 
 Japan 
 Europe 
 ROW 
 Worldwide 
 
 Esophageal 
 18,309 
 324,422 
 26,262 
 52,993 
 182,114 
 604,100 
 
 Colon 
 101,809 
 306,078 
 96,781 
 325,335 
 318,512 
 1,148,515 
 
 Treatable
 Bronchus 
 2,279 
 8,156 
 507 
 4,775 
 6,351 
 22,068 
 
 Total 
 122,397 
 638,656 
 123,550 
 383,103 
 506,977 
 1,774,683 

Sources:
 Global Cancer Statistics 2020: GLOBOCAN Estimates of Incidence and Mortality Worldwide for 36 Cancers in 185 Countries Hyuna Sung,
PhD; Jacques Ferlay, MSc, ME; Rebecca L. Siegel, MPH; Mathieu Laversanne, MSc; Isabelle Soerjomataram, MD, MSc, PhD; Ahmedin Jemal, DMV,
PhD; Freddie Bray, BSc, MSc, PhD. 

The
above table excludes case counts for Tracheal Cancer. We estimate there are approximately 1,000 cases per year of trachea cancer in the
U.S. and Europe that are severe enough to be treated with our technology. Please see Life-threatening conditions of the Trachea 
below. These numbers of patients do not include those with fistulas, ulcers, injuries or birth defects, all of which we believe may be
treatable with our technology. 

Because
our product candidates are likely to save or extend lives, improve the quality of life, and save money by reducing the complications
associated with current surgical repair techniques, we expect to charge more than 250,000 per product in the U.S. market. 

Treating
even one tenth of only those patients who are diagnosed with esophageal cancer each year could generate billions of dollars in annual
revenue. We believe that the market potential for our products is significantly higher. 

Esophageal
Disease 

Esophageal
cancer is one of the deadliest types of cancer. According to the American Cancer Society, there are approximately 17,000 new diagnoses
of esophageal cancer in the U.S. each year, and there are more than 15,000 deaths. Typically, a year after diagnosis with esophageal
cancer, 50 of the patients are dead and after 5 years, 80 are dead. 

There
are approximately 600,000 new diagnoses of esophageal cancer globally each year, according to the World Health Organization s International
Agency for Research on Cancer. 

Hence,
there is a vast need for a better treatment for esophageal cancer. 

9 

Approximately
5,000 esophagectomy surgeries occur in the U.S. annually to treat esophageal cancer, and approximately 10,000 esophagectomies occur in
Europe annually. We believe that approximately one half of the world s esophageal cancer cases occur in China, which would represent
the largest potential patient population for our adult esophageal product candidate. We believe that our esophageal implant,
if approved, has the potential to provide a major advance over the current esophagectomy procedures for addressing esophageal disease,
which have high complication and morbidity rates. 

We
believe that our esophageal implant has the potential to provide physicians a new, simpler procedure to restore organ function
while significantly reducing complication and morbidity rates compared with the current standard of care, and without creating significant
quality of life issues for patients. 

Pediatric
Esophageal Atresia 

Each
year, it is estimated that approximately 1,000 children in the U.S. are born with a congenital birth defect known as esophageal atresia.
Esophageal atresia is a condition where an infant is born with an esophagus that does not extend completely from the mouth to the stomach.
When a long segment of the esophagus is lacking, the current standard of care is a series of surgical procedures where sutures are applied
to both ends of the esophagus in an attempt to stretch them and pull them together so they can be surgically connected at a later date. 

This
surgical process can take several weeks, and the procedure often involves serious complications and high rates of failure. The infant
usually must remain in the neonatal intensive-care unit for this time which can cost thousands of dollars per day. This process also
requires at least two separate surgical interventions. Other surgical options include the use of the child s stomach or intestine
that would be pulled up into the chest to allow a connection to the mouth. These methods are similar to the use of gastric pull ups and
interpositioning used in adult patients and carry similar side effect and safety profiles. We are working in collaboration with the Connecticut
Children s Medical Center, to advance an esophageal implant solution to address esophageal atresia that we believe will
be more effective, safer, and less expensive than the current procedures. 

Colon
Cancer 

Based
on input from our Scientific Advisory Board, which includes certain well-known surgeons in the field of regenerative medicine, we are
planning to research regenerating other parts of the gastro-intestinal tract such as the stomach, intestine and colon. All these organs
require replacement when they are damaged by cancer, injury, and birth defects. There are over one million patients diagnosed with colon
cancer every year. 

Bronchial
(Central Lung) Cancer 

Lung
cancer is the most common form of cancer and the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. There are more than 700,000 new lung
cancer diagnoses annually in the U.S. and Europe. In approximately 25 of all lung cancer cases, the cancerous tumor resides only in
a bronchus and not in the lobes of the lungs and is known as central lung cancer. Approximately 33,000 central lung cancer cases diagnosed
in the U.S. and Europe are Stage I and II and are considered eligible for surgical resection, often with adjuvanted chemotherapy and
radiation. 

Approximately
5,000 of these patients are treated via pneumonectomy, a surgical procedure involving the resection of the cancer tumor, the whole bronchus
below the tumor and the entire lung to which it is connected. It is a highly complex surgery and due to the removal of a lung, results
in a 50 reduction in the patient s respiratory capacity. The procedure has reported rates of post-surgical, or in-hospital, mortality
of 8 to 15 . Complication rates associated with pneumonectomy are reported as high as 50 , and include post-operative pneumonia, supraventricular
arrhythmias, and anastomotic leakage, placing patients at significant mortality risk post-discharge. 

We
intend to develop a Biostage bronchial implant to treat bronchial cancer, bronchial fistulas (holes), and birth defects in the bronchus.
Based on discussions with surgeons in the field, we estimate that approximately 7,000 of these conditions in the U.S. and Europe would
be potentially treatable with our technology. 

10 

Life-threatening
conditions of the Trachea 

There
are approximately 8,000 patients per year in the U.S. and Europe who suffer from a condition of the trachea that put the patient at high
risk of death. These conditions can be due to tracheal trauma, tracheal stenosis or trachea cancer. There are approximately 40,000 tracheal
trauma patients diagnosed each year in the U.S. Of those, approximately 1,000 are severe enough to need surgical resection procedures.
Tracheal stenosis is a rare complication from tracheostomies but may have a devastating impact on respiratory function for patients.
Approximately 2,000 patients are diagnosed with stenosis from tracheostomy in the U.S. each year. Trachea cancer is a very rare but extremely
deadly cancer. Trachea cancer patients in the U.S. have a median survival of 10 months from diagnosis and a 5-year survival of only 27 .
There were approximately 200 cases of primary trachea cancer diagnosed in the U.S. in 2013. Based on these facts, we estimate that there
are approximately 8,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe with conditions of the trachea that put them at high risk of death, but for whom
there is currently no clinically effective tracheal implant or replacement method currently available. 

We
believe that a Biostage tracheal implant may provide physicians a treatment to re-establish the structural integrity and function of
a damaged or diseased trachea to address life-threatening conditions due to tracheal trauma, stenosis, cancer, or birth defects. 

We
have not performed regeneration of a trachea using a Biostage tracheal implant. However, based on the regeneration observed in the bronchus,
we believe that regeneration of the trachea may be possible. 

Our
History 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 3, 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harvard Bioscience, Inc., or
Harvard Bioscience, to provide a means for separating its regenerative medicine business from its other businesses. Harvard Bioscience
decided to separate its regenerative medicine business into our company, a separate corporate entity, or the Separation, and it spun
off its interest in our business to its stockholders in November 2013. Since the Separation we have been a separately-traded public company
and Harvard Bioscience has not controlled our operations. Following the Separation, we continued to innovate our bioreactors based
on our physiology expertise, we developed our materials science capabilities and we investigated and developed a synthetic tracheal scaffold.
By that time, we had built and staffed cell biology laboratories at our Holliston facility, to give ourselves the ability to perform
and control our scientific investigation and developments internally. At that point, we began the second phase of our company s
development. 

In
mid-2014, we increased the pace of our scientifically-based internal analysis and development of our first-generation tracheal implant
product candidate, the HART-Trachea. From large-animal studies conducted thereafter we found that the product candidate elicited an unfavorable
inflammatory response after implantation, which required additional development and testing. These requirements extended our expectations
regarding our regulatory milestones, and we announced the additional testing and extended milestone expectations in January 2015. During
2015 we isolated and tested all major variables of the organ scaffold and the cell source and protocols, examining the effects of alternatives
against the then-existing product approach. Through extensive in vitro preclinical studies, and small-animal and large-animal
studies, we made dramatic improvements, and discovered that the mechanism of action of our current approach was very different from our
hypothesis regarding that of the first-generation product candidate. Our technology uses a different scaffold material and microstructure,
a different source and concentration of the patient s cells and several other changes from our earlier trachea initiative. These
changes resulted in a scaffold that was temporary and could be removed via the mouth in an endoscopic procedure that did not require
major surgery in the chest. The temporary nature of the scaffold reduces the risk of long-term complications that can arise from permanent
implants such as those from hernia meshes and breast implants. 

11 

Clinical
Trials 

The
FDA has approved our first clinical trial. 

Based
on both the successful human experience at the Mayo Clinic, and our extensive large-animal research (we have performed surgeries on over
50 pigs including for both adult and pediatric diseases), the FDA has approved our clinical trial. The trial will be a 10-patient combined
phase 1 and phase 2 trial that measures both the safety and efficacy of our product candidate in the patient population. This clinical
trial is for any patient that requires removal of a part of the esophagus that is less than 6cm long for any reason. The primary endpoint
in the trial is the establishment of a continuous biological neoconduit, or tube, by three months. In the human patient, this tube was
seen in one month. In the pig research, we have seen the formation of a conduit by one month and sometimes by 14 days. One of the secondary
endpoints will be the development of a mucosal lining in the esophagus by 12 months or earlier. In the one human patient treated so far,
this mucosal lining was seen at three months. In the pig research, we have seen this mucosal lining in three months. 

The
FDA approval for our clinical trial allows us to treat babies born without a complete esophagus once we have established safety in adults. 

Our esophageal implant will not be tested for safety on healthy volunteers (the usual goal of a phase 1 trial) or for dose-response
and maximum-tolerated dose (the usual goals of a phase 2 trial). Measuring safety and efficacy in the patient population is normally
the goal of a phase 3 clinical trial. Hence, our approved trial is more similar to a small phase 3 trial than a typical first clinical
trial. We expect to add patients to this trial, including in Europe and China until we have sufficient data to gain approval. 

Unlike
the normal drug discovery process, which assesses a drug for its ability to treat a single disease, we can pursue multiple diseases with
a single clinical trial. This is because any medical condition that requires the removal of part of the esophagus can be repaired with
the our esophageal implant. It does not matter that the need to surgically remove part of the esophagus is caused by esophageal
cancer, Barrett esophagus (damage to the lower esophagus caused by the reflux of stomach acids into the esophagus), a fistula (a hole
in the esophagus), a birth defect, or a wound or injury to the esophagus. Our esophageal implant can be used to treat any of
these conditions. Because of this, we believe that the available market in treating the esophagus to be far larger than that for treating
esophageal cancer alone. In addition, we can access that large patient population without having to conduct a new clinical trial for
each underlying medical condition. Compared to the development of new drugs, this greatly reduces our costs to expand the market size
for our products. 

We
intend to request Fast Track status, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, designation,
Accelerated Approval, Priority Review and a Priority Review Voucher from the FDA. There are many benefits of such designations, including
reduced costs and faster times to market. Please refer the Regulatory Strategy section for more details. 

Our
first clinical trial will be in the U.S. for patients with cancer, injury, or birth defects in the esophagus. However, there are far
more patients with these conditions in Europe and Asia than there are in the U.S. For this reason, we intend to expand our clinical trial
to include patients in Europe and Asia and to seek regulatory approval in those countries as well. 

In
addition to having large patient populations, for product candidates like ours, both the European Union, or E.U., and some countries
in Asia allow for conditional approval . Conditional approval is country specific but, in general, it would allow us to
market our products, and obtain revenue from the sales of the respective product, after successful phase 2 results. Conditional approval
is granted subject to the regulatory authority being able to rescind the approval if something goes wrong as more patients get treated.
Hence, it is possible that we could see revenue in either Asia or the E.U. before we see revenue in the U.S. 

12 

Research
and Development 

Our
primary research and development activities are focused in three areas: materials science, cell biology and engineering. In materials
science, we focus on designing and testing biocompatible organ scaffolds, testing the structural integrity and the cellularization capacities
of the scaffolds. In cell biology, we focus on developing and testing isolation and expansion protocols, cell characterization and fate
studies, investigating the effects of various cell types and concentrations, evaluating the biocompatibility of scaffolds, experimenting
with different cell seeding methodologies, and developing protocols for implantation experiments. Our engineering group supports the
materials science and cell biology groups across an array of their activities, i.e. designing, engineering and making our proprietary
bioreactors and autoseeders. All three of our R D groups combine to plan and execute our in vitro studies. A fundamental part
of our R D effort in developing our technology has been dedicated to the discovery and development of small and large-animal model
studies. The large-animal model employs the use of Yucatan mini-pigs. 

In
addition to our in-house engineering and scientific development team, we collaborate with leaders in the field of regenerative medicine
who are performing the fundamental research and surgeries in this field to develop and test new product candidates that will advance
and improve the procedures being performed. We will work with our collaborators to further enhance our product candidates to make them
more efficient and easier to use by surgeons. In the U.S., our principal collaborations have been with Mayo Clinic and Connecticut Children s
Medical Center. Collaboration typically involves us developing new technologies specifically to address issues these researchers and
clinicians encounter, and then working together to translate our technology from pre-clinical studies to clinical trials. In certain
instances, we have entered into agreements that govern the ownership of the technologies developed in connection with these collaborations. 

We
incurred approximately 1.7 million and 1.6 million of research and development expenses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As we have
not yet applied for or received regulatory approval to market any clinical products, no amount of these research and development costs
have been passed on to our customers. 

On
March 28, 2018, we were awarded a Fast-Track Small Business Innovation Research, or SBIR, grant by the Eunice Kennedy National Institute
of Child Health and Human Development, or NICHD, to support testing of pediatric version of our esophageal implant. The award
for Phase I provided for the reimbursement of approximately 0.2 million of qualified research and development costs which was received
and recognized as grant income during 2018. 

On
October 26, 2018, we were awarded the Phase II Fast-Track SBIR grant from the Eunice Kennedy NICHD grant aggregating 1.1 million to
support development, testing, and translation to the clinic through September 2019 and represented years one and two of the Phase II
portion of the award. On August 3, 2020, we were awarded a third year of the Phase II grant totaling 0.5 million for support of development,
testing, and translation to the clinic covering qualified expenses incurred from October 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020. In September
of 2020, we filed and were granted a one year, no-cost extension for the Phase II grant period extending through September 30, 2021. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 0 and 0.2 million of grant income, respectively, from Phase II of the SBIR
grant. The aggregate SBIR grant to date provided us with a total award of 1.8 million, of which approximately 1.5 million had been
recognized through December 31, 2021. 

The
Phase II portion of the award expired effective September 30, 2021. 

The
research conducted under this grant led to the publication on the regeneration of the esophagus in piglets that was published in January
2022 in collaboration with Connecticut Children s Medical Center. 

Manufacturing
and Resources 

The
bioreactor and scaffold are made in our clean-room facilities in Holliston, Massachusetts and the cell seeding is currently performed
at the FDA-approved clinical-grade human cell culture facility at the University of Texas Medical Branch. 

13 

Our
manufacturing process for the bioreactors and scaffolds has been approved by the FDA for the clinical trial. Additional development is
likely to be necessary for product approval. 

For
our scaffolds, our primary materials are medical-grade plastic resins and solvents used to liquefy the resins in our manufacturing process.
These materials are readily available from a variety of suppliers and do not currently represent a large proportion of our total costs.
For our autoseeders and bioreactors, we perform final assembly and testing of components that we buy from third parties like machine
shops, parts distributors, molding facilities and printed circuit board manufacturers. These manufacturing operations are performed primarily
at our Holliston, Massachusetts headquarters. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
expect that most surgeries using our esophageal implant will be performed at a relatively small number of major hospitals in
the U.S., Asia and in Europe. In addition, our technology platform is initially aimed at treating the esophagus, the bronchi, and the
trachea, all of which are treated by thoracic surgeons. As a result, we expect to employ only a small sales force as compared to companies
selling treatments for larger patient populations. 

We
expect to price the product commensurate with the medical value created for the patient and the costs avoided with the use of our product.
Because our products are likely to save or extend lives, improve the quality of life, and save money by reducing the complications associated
with current surgical repair techniques, we expect to charge approximately 250,000 per product in the U.S. 

We further expect to be paid by the hospital that
buys the product from us. Finally, we expect that the hospital would seek reimbursement from government payers, private health insurers
and other third-party payers for the entire transplant procedure, including the use of our products. 

Intellectual
Property, Licenses, and Related Agreements 

We
have twelve issued U.S. patents that cover the bioreactor, the scaffold, and the surgical procedure. The patent claims cover the use
of synthetic scaffolds for any use in the gastro-intestinal tract and the airways. These patents include the claim of having a removable
scaffold. The patent claims cover patches as well as tubes. We intend to research the patch-based approach to treat damage to solid organs.
We also have two issued patents in China and there are numerous other filings pending. We expect these patents to provide protection
into the mid to late 2030 s. 

Sublicense
Agreement with Harvard Bioscience 

We
own the right to use the brand name Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology in the medical sciences field under a license
agreement with Harvard University via a sublicense from Harvard Bioscience. Harvard Bioscience s right to use the name arises from
a license agreement, effective December 19 th , 2002, between it and the President and Fellows of Harvard University. Harvard
Bioscience began at Harvard University in 1903 as Harvard Apparatus and has a license to the name Harvard Apparatus in research and industrial
fields. Our right to use the names in the medical field arises from the sublicense signed when Biostage, Inc. (then known as Harvard
Apparatus Regenerative Technology) was separated from Harvard Bioscience in 2013 (as more fully described below). Harvard Bioscience
delegated its right to use the name in the medical field to us and Harvard Bioscience has no right to use the Harvard mark in the medical
field. We intend to use this brand name on our products in the future. We do not have the right to use the Harvard or Harvard Apparatus
marks alone but only as Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology. We believe we are the only licensee of the Harvard name in the medical
products field. This license is perpetual, worldwide and royalty-free. There are restrictions on our use of the name such as not
using it in the color crimson and not using it in a serifed font. We currently have no affiliation with Harvard University. 

Separation
Agreements with Harvard Bioscience 

On
November 1, 2013, to effect the Separation, Harvard Bioscience distributed all of the shares of our common stock to the Harvard Bioscience
stockholders, or the Distribution. Prior to the Distribution, Harvard Bioscience contributed the assets of its regenerative medicine
business, and approximately 15 million in cash, to our company to fund our operations following the Distribution. 

14 

In
connection with the Separation and immediately prior to the Distribution, we entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement, Intellectual
Property Matters Agreement, Product Distribution Agreement, Tax Sharing Agreement, Transition Services Agreement, and Sublicense Agreement
with Harvard Bioscience to effect the Separation and Distribution and provide a framework for our relationship with Harvard Bioscience
after the Separation. These agreements govern the current relationships among us and Harvard Bioscience and provided for the allocation
among us and Harvard Bioscience of Harvard Bioscience s assets, liabilities, and obligations (including employee benefits and tax-related
assets and liabilities) attributable to periods prior to the Separation. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
product candidates and our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. FDA and other federal and state authorities, as
well as comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions, which are discussed below. The FDA is divided into various Centers 
by product type such as the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, or CDER, the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, or CBER,
and the Center for Devices and Radiological Health, or CDRH. Different Centers review drug, biologic, or device applications. Our product
candidates are subject to regulation as combination products, biologics and medical devices, in the United States under the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and the Public Health Services Act, or PHS Act, and their implementing regulations as implemented and
enforced by the FDA. 

CBER
regulates medical devices related to licensed blood and cellular products by applying appropriate medical device laws and regulations.
Specifically, CBER regulates the medical devices involved in the collection, processing, testing, manufacture and administration of licensed
blood, blood components and cellular products. The medical devices regulated by CBER are intimately associated with the blood collection
and processing procedures as well as the cellular therapies regulated by CBER. CBER has developed specific expertise in blood, blood
products and cellular therapies and the integral association of certain medical devices with those biological products supports the regulation
of those devices by CBER. CBER also regulates biologics, which includes cells and tissues, serum, vaccines, blood and blood products,
and analogous substances. 

After
receiving FDA approval or clearance, an approved or cleared product must comply with post-market safety reporting requirements applicable
to the product based on the application type under which it received marketing authorization. In the case of current good manufacturing
practices, or cGMP, the applicant may take one of two approaches: (1) complying with cGMP for each constituent part, or (2) a streamlined
approach specific to combination products, subject to certain limitations. 

Regulatory
Strategy 

Domestic
Regulation of our Product Candidates - FDA Approval Process 

The
FDA extensively regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling,
packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and import and export of medical products. The FDA
governs the following activities that we may perform or that may be performed on our behalf, to ensure that the medical products we may
in the future manufacture, promote and distribute domestically or export internationally are safe and effective for their intended uses: 

product design,
 preclinical and clinical development and manufacture; 

product premarket clearance
 and approval; 

product safety, testing,
 labeling and storage; 

recordkeeping procedures; 

product marketing, sales
 and distribution; and 

post-marketing surveillance,
 complaint handling and adverse event reporting, including reporting of deaths, serious injuries, malfunctions or other deviations;
 and 

recall of products, including
 repairs or remediation. 

The
labeling, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution of biologics and medical devices also must be in compliance with the FDA
and U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, requirements which include, among others, standards and regulations for off-label promotion,
industry sponsored scientific and educational activities, promotional activities involving the internet, and direct-to-consumer advertising.
The FDA and FTC have very broad enforcement authority, and failure to abide by these regulations can result in penalties, including the
issuance of a warning letter directing us to correct deviations from regulatory standards and enforcement actions that can include seizures,
injunctions and criminal prosecution. Recently, promotional activities for FDA-regulated products of other companies have been the subject
of enforcement action brought under healthcare reimbursement laws and consumer protection statutes. In addition, under the federal Lanham
Act and similar state laws, competitors and others can initiate litigation relating to advertising claims. In addition, we are required
to meet regulatory requirements in countries outside the U.S., which can change rapidly with relatively short notice. 

15 

The
FDA has broad post-market and regulatory enforcement powers. Manufacturers of biologics and medical devices are subject to unannounced
inspections by the FDA to determine compliance with applicable regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities
of some of our subcontractors. Failure by manufacturers or their suppliers to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result
in enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Potential FDA enforcement actions include: 

untitled letters,
 warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

unanticipated expenditures
 to address or defend such actions 

customer notifications
 for repair, replacement, refunds; 

recall, detention or seizure
 of our products; 

operating restrictions
 or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing or delaying our
 requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new products or modified products; 

operating restrictions; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearances
 on PMA approvals that have already been granted; 

refusal to grant export
 approval for our products; or 

criminal prosecution. 

In
addition, other government authorities influence the success of our business, including the availability of adequate reimbursement from
third party payors, including government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement policies can also
influence corresponding policies of private insurers and managed care providers, which can further affect our business. 

Combination
Products 

A
combination product is the combination of two or more regulated components, i.e., drug/device, biologic/device, drug/biologic, or drug/device/biologic,
that are combined or mixed and produced as a single entity; packaged together in a single package or as a unit; or a drug, device, or
biological product packaged separately that according to its investigational plan or proposed labeling, is intended for use only with
an approved individually specified drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication,
or effect. 

To
determine which FDA center or centers will review a combination product candidate submission, companies may submit a request for assignment
to the FDA. Those requests may be handled formally or informally. In some cases, jurisdiction may be determined informally based on the
FDA s experience with similar products. However, informal jurisdictional determinations are not binding on the FDA. Companies also
may submit a formal Request for Designation to the FDA Office of Combination Products. The Office of Combination Products
will review the request and make its jurisdictional determination within 60 days of receiving a Request for Designation. 

The
FDA will determine which center or centers within the FDA will review the product candidate and under what legal authority the product
candidate will be reviewed. Depending on how the FDA views the product candidates that are developed, the FDA may have aspects of the
product candidate reviewed by CBER, CDRH, or CDER, though one center will be designated as the center with primary jurisdiction, based
on the product candidate s primary mode of action. The FDA determines the primary mode of action based on the single mode of action
that provides the most important therapeutic action of the combination product candidate. This would be the mode of action expected to
make the greatest contribution to the overall intended therapeutic effects of the combination product candidate. The review of such combination
product candidates is often complex and time consuming, as the FDA may select the combination product candidate to be reviewed and regulated
by one, or multiple FDA centers identified above, which could affect the path to regulatory clearance or approval. Furthermore, the FDA
may also require submission of separate applications to multiple centers. 

Once
commercialized, manufacturers of combination products must generally comply with the applicable regulations governing each constituent
part. For example, in January 2013, the FDA finalized 21 CFR Part 4, Current Good Manufacturing Practice Requirements for Combination
Products , which was effective July 22, 2013. Associated guidance was also issued in January 2017. Both the rule and guidance reiterate
that combination product manufacturers are responsible for compliance with both biologic and device cGMPs when engaging in manufacturing
both constituent parts. The guidance allows the use of an abbreviated approach as well. Manufacturers of combination products also must
comply with post marketing safety reporting, or PMSR, requirements in accordance with 21 CFR Part 4. 

16 

We
have been informed by the FDA that our esophageal implant is a combination biologic/device product. Biological products must
satisfy the requirements of the PHS Act and the FDCA and their implementing regulations. The lead reviewing FDA Center will be the Center
for Biologics Evaluation and Research or CBER. The CBER may choose to consult or collaborate with the FDA s Center for Devices
and Radiological Health, or CDRH, with respect to the characteristics of the synthetic scaffold component of our product based on the
CBER s determination of need for such assistance. Because the CBER is the lead, in order for our esophageal implant to
be legally marketed in the U.S., the product must have a BLA approved by the FDA. 

We
discuss both the CBER and the CDRH regulatory paradigms below, as potential future products may implicate elements of each, largely at
the CBER s discretion to involve the CDRH in the review and approval process. 

The
BLA Approval Process 

The
basic steps for obtaining FDA approval of a BLA to market a biopharmaceutical, or biologic product in the U.S. include: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies under the FDA s GLP regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND application, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin
 and which must include Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval at each clinical site before the trials may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practices, or GLP, to establish the safety, purity,
 and potency of the product for each indication; 

submission
 to the FDA of a BLA, which contains detailed information about the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product, reports
 of the outcomes of the clinical trials, and proposed labeling and packaging for the product; 

the
 FDA s acceptance of the BLA for filing; 

satisfactory
 review of the contents of the BLA by the FDA, including the satisfactory resolution of any questions raised during the review or
 by the advisory committee, if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance
 with cGMP regulations, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to ensure the product s identity, strength,
 quality and purity; and 

FDA
 approval of the BLA. 

In
order to obtain approval to market a biological product in the United States, a marketing application must be submitted to the FDA that
provides sufficient data establishing the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biological product for its intended indication.
The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous
results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls
and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness
of a use of a product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval,
the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety, purity and potency of the biological product to
the satisfaction of the FDA. 

The
results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical
tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling, and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of a
BLA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of a BLA is subject to the payment of user fees; a waiver of such fees
may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. The FDA initially reviews all BLAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently
complete for substantive review before it accepts them for filing. The FDA generally completes this preliminary review within 60 calendar
days. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept a BLA for filing. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with
the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission
is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. FDA may refer the BLA to an advisory committee for review, evaluation
and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation
of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. The approval process is lengthy and often difficult, and the
FDA may refuse to approve a BLA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical or other data
and information. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria
for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret
the same data. FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things whether the product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which
it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency.
Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA may issue a complete
response letter, which may require additional clinical or other data or impose other conditions that must be met in order to secure final
approval of the BLA, or an approval letter following satisfactory completion of all aspects of the review process. 

BLAs
may receive either standard or priority review. Under current FDA review goals, standard review of an original BLA will be 10 months
from the date that the BLA is filed. A biologic representing a significant improvement in treatment, prevention or diagnosis of disease
may receive a priority review of six months. Priority review does not change the standards for approval but may expedite the approval
process. 

17 

If
the FDA determines the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will either issue not
approvable letter or an approvable letter. A not approvable letter means that the FDA refuses to approve
the application because the BLA or manufacturing facilities do not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. An approvable 
letter means that the FDA considers the BLA and manufacturing facilities to be favorable, but the letter will outline the deficiencies
and provide the applicant with an opportunity to submit additional information or data to address the deficiencies. If and when those
conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. If a product receives regulatory
approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could
restrict the commercial value of the product. In addition, the FDA may require a sponsor to conduct Phase IV testing which involves clinical
trials designed to further assess a drug s safety and effectiveness after BLA approval and may require testing and surveillance
programs to monitor the safety of approved products which have been commercialized. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional
information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. Separate approval
is required for each proposed indication. If we want to expand the use of an approved product, we will have to design additional clinical
trials, submit the trial designs to the FDA for review and complete those trials successfully. 

The
Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, which was enacted in 2012, made permanent the Pediatric Research Equity
Act, or PREA, which requires a sponsor to conduct pediatric studies for most biologics with a new active ingredient, new indication,
new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration. Under PREA, BLAs and supplements thereto, must contain a pediatric
assessment unless the sponsor has received a deferral or waiver. The required assessment must assess the safety and effectiveness of
the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and support dosing and administration for each pediatric
subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The sponsor or FDA may request a deferral of pediatric studies for some or
all of the pediatric subpopulations. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the biologic is ready for
approval for use in adults before pediatric studies are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected
before pediatric studies can begin. After April 2013, the FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit a
required pediatric assessment within specified deadlines or fails to submit a timely request for approval of a pediatric formulation,
if required. 

Priority
or Expedited Review Pathways for BLAs 

Companies
may seek fast track designation for their products. Fast track products are those that are intended for the treatment of a serious or
life-threatening condition and that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a condition. If awarded, the fast
track designation applies to the product only for the indication for which the designation was received. Fast track products are eligible
for two means of potentially expediting product development and FDA review of BLAs. First, a fast track product may be approved on the
basis of either a clinical endpoint or a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. Approvals of this
kind may be subject to requirements for appropriate post-approval studies to validate the surrogate endpoint or otherwise confirm the
effect on the clinical endpoint, and to certain other conditions. Second, if the FDA determines after review of preliminary clinical
data submitted by the sponsor that a fast track product may be effective, it may begin review of portions of a BLA before the sponsor
submits the complete BLA, thereby accelerating the date on which review of a portion of the BLA can begin. There can be no assurance
that any of our other products will receive designation as fast track products. And even if they are designated as fast track products,
we cannot assure you that our products will be reviewed or approved more expeditiously for their fast track indications than would otherwise
have been the case or will be approved promptly, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA can revoke fast track status at any time. 

In
addition, products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful
therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval and may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials establishing that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical
benefit or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval,
the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-approval clinical
trials to verify and further define the drug s clinical benefit and safety profile. There can be no assurance that any of our products
will receive accelerated approval. Even if accelerated approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw such approval if the sponsor fails to
conduct the required post-approval clinical trials, or if the post-approval clinical trials fail to confirm the early benefits seen during
the accelerated approval process. 

18 

Fast-Track
designation and accelerated approval should be distinguished from priority review although products awarded fast track status may also
be eligible for priority review. Products regulated by the CBER may receive priority review if they provide significant improvement in
the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of a serious or life-threatening disease. Products awarded priority
review are given abbreviated review goals by the agency. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act of 2007, the agency has agreed to the
performance goal of reviewing products awarded priority review within six months, whereas products under standard review receive a ten-month
target. The review process, however, is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification regarding
information already provided in the submission. Priority review is requested at the time the BLA is submitted, and the FDA makes a decision
as part of the agency s review of the application for filing. We plan to seek priority review for our trachea transplant products
but cannot guarantee that the FDA will grant the designation and cannot predict if awarded, what impact, if any, it will have on the
review time for approval of our product. 

We
intend to request Fast Track status, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, designation,
Accelerated Approval and Priority Review. If we are awarded any of these designations, combined with our Orphan Drug designations, discussed
below, we believe that our future clinical trial designs and approval pathway may be streamlined and expedited. Although, if granted,
Fast-Track designation, accelerated approval, and priority review may expedite the approval process, they do not change the standards
for approval. On September 30, 2020, Congress provided a short-term extension of the rare pediatric disease Priority Review Voucher Program.
According to the current statutory sunset provisions: 

1) 
 After
 December 11, 2020, the FDA may only award a voucher for an approved RPD product application if the sponsor has RPD designation for
 the drug and that designation was granted by December 11, 2020. 

2) 
 After
 December 11, 2022, the FDA may not award any RPD priority review vouchers. 

The
Creating Hope Reauthorization Act, which was received in the Senate on September 30, 2020, proposes to replace those cutoffs with September
30, 2024 and September 30, 2026, respectively, thus extending the authorized period for RPD designation and granting
of RPD priority review vouchers from the 21 st Century Cures Act by four years. We cannot be certain that this extension will
be granted. 

Clinical
Trials 

BLAs
generally require clinical data in order for FDA review and approval. Clinical trials are subject to extensive monitoring, recordkeeping
and reporting requirements. Clinical trials must be conducted under the oversight of an IRB for the relevant clinical trial sites and
must comply with FDA regulations, including but not limited to those relating to GCP. Adverse events must be reported and investigated
timely. To conduct a clinical trial, a company is also required to obtain the patients informed consent in form and substance
that complies with both FDA requirements and state and federal privacy and human subject protection regulations. The sponsor, the FDA
or the IRB could suspend a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to trial subjects outweigh
the anticipated benefits. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part
of the IND. In addition, an IRB at each site at which the trial is conducted must approve the protocol and any amendments. Foreign studies
performed under an IND must meet the same requirements that apply to U.S. studies. The FDA will accept a foreign clinical trial not conducted
under an IND only if the trial is well-designed, well-conducted, performed by qualified investigators in accordance with international
principles for GCP, and conforms to the ethical principles contained in the Declaration of Helsinki, or with the laws and regulations
of the country in which the research was conducted, whichever provides greater protection of the human subjects. The FDA, however, has
substantial discretion in deciding whether to accept data from foreign non-IND clinical trials. 

Clinical
trials involving biopharmaceutical products are typically conducted in three sequential phases. The phases may overlap or be combined.
A fourth, or post-approval, phase may include additional clinical trials. These phases are described generally below. Briefly, the phases
of clinical development generally include the following: 

Phase
 I. Phase I clinical trials involve the initial introduction of the medicine into human subjects to determine the adverse effects
 associated with increasing doses. Such Phase I studies frequently are highly abbreviated or combined with Phase II studies (as outlined
 below). 

Phase
 II. Phase II clinical trials usually involve studies in a limited patient population to evaluate the efficacy of the product
 for specific, targeted indications to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks. 

Phase
 III. If the biologic is found to be potentially effective and to have an acceptable safety profile in Phase II (or sometimes
 Phase I) trials, the clinical trial program will be expanded to further demonstrate clinical efficacy, optimal dosage and safety
 within an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. As noted, the exact number of subjects needed,
 the duration of clinical follow-up, and the endpoints by which safety and efficacy are demonstrated are based on the condition being
 treated. 

Post-Approval
 (Phase IV). Post-approval clinical trials are required of or agreed to by a sponsor as a condition of, or subsequent to marketing
 approval. Further, if the FDA becomes aware of new safety information about an approved product, it is authorized to require post
 approval trials of the biological product. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in
 the intended therapeutic indication and to document a clinical benefit in the case of biologics approved under accelerated approval
 regulations. If the FDA approves a product while a company has ongoing clinical trials that were not necessary for approval, a company
 may be able to use the data from these clinical trials to meet all or part of any Phase IV clinical trial requirement. These clinical
 trials are often referred to as Phase III/IV post approval clinical trials. Failure to promptly conduct Phase IV clinical trials
 could result in withdrawal of approval for products approved under accelerated approval regulations. 

Medical
devices, however, typically rely on one or a few pivotal studies rather than Phase I, II, and III clinical trials. 

During
the development of a new medical product, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points. These points may be
prior to submission of an IND or IDE, at the end of Phase II, and before a BLA or PMA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested.
These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide
advice, and for the sponsor and FDA to reach agreement on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the end of Phase II meeting
to discuss their Phase II clinical results and present their plans for the pivotal Phase III clinical trial that they believe will support
approval of the new biologic. Similarly, sponsors typically use the end of feasibility studies to do the same for planning for their
pivotal trial or trials for a medical device. 

19 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of a biologic and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance
with cGMP requirements. For biologics, the manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product
candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the
final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate
that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. Before approving a BLA, the FDA typically
will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines
that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in full compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production
of the product within required specifications. The PHSA in particular emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products
like biologics whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. 

Based
on the FDA s approval of our clinical trial for any condition that requires removal of part of the esophagus, we believe that we
are able to pursue the treatment of multiple diseases, injuries or birth defects with a single clinical trial. As a result, we believe
that this clinical trial will advance our esophageal implant for numerous indications including to treat esophageal cancer,
Barrett esophagus, fistulas, traumatic injury to the esophagus and birth defects in the esophagus. Compared to developing treatments
for a single underlying medical condition, we believe that addressing multiple medical conditions in a single clinical trial has the
potential to significantly reduce our costs to expand the market for our products. Based on discussions with the FDA, we also expect
clinical trials for our esophageal implant product candidates to be conducted in two sequential phases: 

An
 initial trial that combines both phase 1 and phase 2 into a single trial. This trial has already been approved by the FDA. 

If
 successful, the initial trial would be followed by a phase 2 Registration, or Pivotal Trial, to test the product candidate s
 safety and efficacy in a larger patient population. We believe that the nature of the our esophageal implant and the sizes of
 their targeted patient populations would lead to a small number of patients in this trial, relative to most biotechnology clinical
 trials. 

As
with any clinical trial, clinical testing of our esophageal implant may not be completed successfully within any specified time
period, if at all. The FDA closely monitors the progress of each phase of clinical trials that are conducted under an IND and may, at
its discretion, reevaluate, alter, suspend, or terminate the testing based upon the data accumulated to that point and the FDA s
assessment of the risk/benefit ratio to the patient. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for
various reasons, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. The FDA can also
request that additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials be conducted as a condition to product approval. 

We
will submit a BLA once we have sufficient data from the clinical trials to assess the safety and efficacy of our esophageal
implant. We estimate that this process may span a period of three to six years, or longer, considering the uncertainty of a successful
clinical trial. We anticipate approvals in countries outside of the United States may be shorter, however, we can give no assurance of
such approvals. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

After
BLA approval is obtained, companies are required to comply with a number of post-approval requirements relating to manufacturing, labeling,
packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, distribution and recordkeeping. For example, as a condition of approval
of a BLA, the FDA may require post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the product s safety or efficacy. In addition,
holders of an approved BLA are required to keep extensive records, to report certain adverse reactions and production deviations and
problems to the FDA, to provide updated safety and efficacy information and to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional
labeling for their products. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of the FDA and other applicable U.S. and foreign regulatory
authorities, or previously unknown problems with any approved commercial products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes are discovered,
we could be subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions or other setbacks. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to
expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory
compliance. 

Specifically,
our products could be subject to voluntary recall if we or the FDA determine, for any reason, that our products pose a risk of injury
or are otherwise defective. Moreover, the FDA can order a mandatory recall if there is a reasonable probability that our device would
cause serious adverse health consequences or death. In addition, the FDA could suspend the marketing of or withdraw a previously approved
product from the market upon receipt of newly discovered information regarding the drug s safety or effectiveness. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

In
November 2016, we were granted Orphan Drug Designation for our esophageal implant by the FDA to restore the structure and function
of the esophagus subsequent to esophageal damage due to cancer, injury or congenital abnormalities. We also were granted Orphan Drug
Designation for trachea on September 4, 2014. 

20 

The
Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers to develop and market drugs and biologics for rare diseases and conditions affecting
fewer than 200,000 persons in the U.S. at the time of application for orphan drug designation, or more than 200,000 individuals in the
U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug or biological product available in
the U.S. for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan product designation must be requested
before submitting a new drug application, or NDA, or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan product designation, the identity of the therapeutic
agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or
shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. The first developer to receive FDA marketing approval for an orphan
biologic is entitled to a seven year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product as well as a waiver of the BLA user fee.
The exclusivity prevents FDA approval of another application for the same product for the same indication for a period of seven years,
except in limited circumstances where there is a change in formulation in the original product and the second product has been proven
to be clinically superior to the first. In addition, Orphan Drug Designation provides a seven-year marketing exclusivity period against
competition in the U.S. from the date of a product s approval for marketing. This exclusivity would be in addition to any exclusivity
we may obtain from our patents. Additionally, orphan designation provides certain incentives, including tax credits and a waiver of the
Biologics License Application, or BLA, fee. We also plan to apply for Orphan Drug Designation for our esophageal implant in
Europe. Orphan Drug Designation in Europe would provide market exclusivity in Europe for a period of ten years from the date of the product s
approval for marketing. 

International 

We
plan to seek required regulatory approvals and comply with extensive regulations governing product safety, quality, manufacturing and
reimbursement processes in order to market our products in other major foreign markets. 

In
addition to having large patient populations, both the E.U. and some countries in Asia allow for conditional approval for
product candidates like ours. Conditional approval is country specific but, in general, it would allow us to market our products, and
obtain revenue from the sales of them, after successful phase 2 results. Conditional approval is granted subject to the regulatory authority
being able to rescind the approval if something goes wrong in as more patients get treated. Hence, it is possible that we could see revenue
in either Asia or the E.U. before we see revenue in the U.S. 

The
regulation of our products in the Asian and European markets, and in other foreign markets varies significantly from one jurisdiction
to another. The classification of the particular products and related approval or CE marking procedures can involve additional product
testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain these foreign approvals or to CE mark our products
may be longer or shorter than that required in the U.S., and requirements for approval may differ from the FDA requirements. Regulatory
approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one
country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 

Legislation
similar to the Orphan Drug Act has been enacted in other jurisdictions, including the E.U. The orphan legislation in the E.U. is available
for therapies addressing conditions that affect five or fewer out of 10,000 persons. The marketing exclusivity period is for ten years,
although that period can be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, available evidence establishes that the product is
sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. We intend to apply for orphan drug-designation for our esophageal implant in Europe. 

We
have also formed a subsidiary in Hong Kong, Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology Limited, as we continue to assess the market and
regulatory approval pathway in China as to our product candidates. We have other subsidiaries in the U.K. and Germany. Any development
and capital raising efforts in China may include a joint venture in relation to our Hong Kong subsidiary, and would also involve a number
of commercial variables, including rights and obligations pertaining to licensing, development and financing, among others. Our failure
to receive or obtain such clearances or approvals on a timely basis or at all, whether that be in the U.S., China or otherwise, would
have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

21 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 8 employees working in our business, of whom 7 were full-time and one was part-time. At that date, all of
our employees were based in the U.S. None of our employees are unionized. In general, we consider our relations with our employees to
be good. Our employees are highly skilled, and many hold advanced degrees. Our future performance depends significantly upon the continued
service of our key scientific, technical and senior management personnel and our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled
employees. We have taken proactive steps throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to protect the health and safety of our employees. We expect
to continue to implement these measures until we determine that the COVID-19 pandemic is adequately contained for purposes of our business.
We may take further actions, in compliance with all appropriate government regulations, that we determine to be in the best interest
of our employees. 

Competition 

We
are not aware of any companies whose products are directly competitive with our cell-seeded biocompatible synthetic-scaffold system.
However, in our key markets we may in the future compete with multiple pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, many
of which have substantially greater financial, technological, research and development, marketing and personnel resources than we do.
In addition, there are many academic and clinical centers that are developing regenerative technologies that may one day become competitors
of ours. 

We
expect that other products will compete with our products and potential products based on efficacy, safety, cost, and intellectual property
positions. While we believe that these will be the primary competitive factors, other factors include, in certain instances, obtaining
marketing exclusivity under the Orphan Drug Act, availability of supply, manufacturing, marketing and sales expertise and capability,
and reimbursement coverage. 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

The
following table shows information about our executive officers as of March 6, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Junli (Jerry) He 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Hong
 Yu 
 
 50 
 
 President 
 
 Dr.
 William Fodor 
 
 64 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 
 
 Joseph
 Damasio, Jr. 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Junli (Jerry) He Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
He was appointed as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on March 1,
2023. He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since September 1, 2021. Mr. He serves as the Executive Vice Chairman of Bright
Scholar Holdings and has been in that position since January 2019. Prior to the promotion, Mr. He had served as the CEO of Bright Scholar.
Prior to joining Bright Scholar, Mr. He was a Managing Director at Tstone Corp, and served as CFO, CEO and a director of Noah Education
Holdings Ltd., a former NYSE listed private education services provider in China. Mr. He was a portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Global
Wealth Management from June 2008 to June 2009 and was employed by Bear Stearns from November 2006 to May 2008. Mr. He obtained a bachelor s
degree in science from Peking University and an M.B.A. with Honors from the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business. Mr. He is
also a CFA charter holder. 

22 

Hong
Yu, BS, MS, CFA President 

Mr.
Yu has served as our President since May 31, 2018 and has raised over 20 million in capital for Biostage. Mr. Yu is a seasoned executive
with extensive experience in fundraising, strategic analytics, wealth management, and investment research. Prior to Biostage, Mr. Yu
was a Senior Vice President at Bank of America, where he was employed for nearly 20 years. During his career, Mr. Yu has developed an
expertise in matching emerging companies with cross-border investors. Mr. Yu holds a B.S. degree from Peking University (Beijing, China),
and a M.S. degree from University of Illinois (Chicago, IL). Mr. Yu is a Chartered Financial Analyst. 

Dr.
William Fodor Chief Scientific Officer 

Dr.
William Fodor has served as our Chief Scientific Officer since July 2017. On July 2, 2018, Dr. Fodor became an employee of Biostage after
serving as a consultant to the Company. Dr. Fodor was a founding scientist at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, where he served as an executive
management team member and Senior Director of the Cell/Tissue Engineering, Transgenic Animal and Transplant Programs. He has also served
as an Associate Professor at the University of Connecticut Department of Molecular Cell Biology and the Center for Regenerative Biology,
extending research areas into cells and cell engineering. Dr. Fodor was Senior Director of Product Development at ViaCell Inc., leading
programs in hematopoietic stem cell process development and manufacturing, mesenchymal stem cell basic research and manufacturing for
cardiac repair and pancreatic stem cell research. He was a consultant for the biotechnology industry, serving clients in stem cell research,
gene therapy, stem cell manufacturing and stem cell genome engineering. Dr. Fodor has expertise in programs targeting transplant immunology,
hematopoiesis, cardiac repair, stem cell potency, gene therapy for liver diseases, tissue engineering, design and oversight of pre-clinical
non-GLP and GLP animal models and IND Applications (Pre-clinical and CMC Modules). Dr. Fodor earned a PhD. In genetics from Ohio State
University. He completed post-doctoral work at Yale University School of Medicine in the department of immunobiology, investigating the
regulation of MHC class I and MHC class II genes in the histocompatibility complex. 

Joseph
Damasio, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Damasio has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 8, 2022. He has over 20 years of finance and accounting experience. Prior
to joining our company, he was Vice President of Finance at Inhibikase Therapeutics, a publicly-traded clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company, since October 2021. Before joining Inhibikase, Mr. Damasio was Controller at Cue Biopharma from June 2020 to October 2021, Controller
at XL Fleet from February 2019 to June 2020, and Chief Financial Officer at Pressure BioSciences, Inc. from April 2017 to February 2019.
Mr. Damasio earned a bachelor s degree in accounting, with honors, from the University of Massachusetts. He holds an MBA and MSF
from Boston College and is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts. 

Available
Information and Website 

Our
website address is www.biostage.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and exhibits and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act
are available for review on our website and the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Any such materials that we file with, or furnish to, the
SEC in the future will be available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished
to, the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

23 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

Our
 audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contain a going concern qualification. Our financial status creates
 doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. We will need additional funds in the near future and our operations will be adversely
 affected if we are unable to obtain needed funding. 

We
 have generated no revenue from commercial operations to date and have an accumulated deficit. We anticipate that we will incur losses
 for the foreseeable future. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We
 had previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which has been remediated. This prior
 material weakness, our discovery of any additional weaknesses, and our inability to achieve and maintain effective internal control
 over financial reporting, could adversely affect our results of operations, our stock price and investor confidence in our company. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely impact our business, including clinical trials. 

Our
 product candidates are in an early stage of development. If we are unable to develop or market any of our product candidates, our
 financial condition will be negatively affected, and we may have to curtail or cease our operations. 

Our
 product candidates will subject us to liability exposure. 

The
 results of our clinical trials or pre-clinical development efforts may not support our product candidates claims or may result in
 the discovery of adverse side effects. 

If
 we fail to obtain, or experience significant delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals in the U.S., China or the E.U. for our product
 candidates, including those for the esophagus and airways, or are unable to maintain such clearances or approvals for our product
 candidates, our ability to commercially distribute and market these products would be adversely impacted. 

Even
 if our product candidates are cleared or approved by regulatory authorities, if we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing FDA
 or other foreign regulatory authority requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates, these
 product candidates could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. 

General
 market conditions, including the effects of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and attendant economic sanctions, high inflation,
 and rising interest rates as well as the effects of laws and regulations on foreign investment in the United States under the jurisdiction
 of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), and other agencies and related regulations, including the Foreign
 Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (FIRRMA), adopted in August 2018, may make it difficult for us to seek financing from the
 capital markets. 

Our
 principal stockholders hold a significant percentage of our voting power and will be able to exert significant control over us. 

We
 do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

Risk
Factors 

The
following factors should be reviewed carefully, in conjunction with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our business faces a variety
of risks. We describe below what we believe are currently the material risks and uncertainties we face, but they are not the only risks
and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware, or that we currently believe are not material,
may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator
of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the following
risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment
in our securities. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: (i) risks relating to our business, (ii) risks relating
to the Separation and (iii) risks relating to our common stock. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

24 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Position, Need for Capital and Operating Risks 

Our
audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contain a going concern qualification. Our financial status creates
doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. We will need additional funds in the near future and our operations will be adversely
affected if we are unable to obtain needed funding. 

We
ended December 31, 2022 with approximately 1.2 million of operating cash on-hand and will need to raise additional capital in the
second quarter and beyond to fund operations. If we do not raise additional capital from outside sources before or during the second
quarter of 2023, we may be forced to further curtail or cease our operations. Based on these circumstances, our ability to continue
as a going concern is at risk and our independent registered public accounting firm included a going concern 
explanatory paragraph as to our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report dated March 30, 2023, included in this
Form 10-K. Our cash requirements and cash resources will vary significantly depending upon the timing, and the financial and other
resources that will be required to complete ongoing development and pre-clinical and clinical testing of our product candidates,
regulatory efforts and collaborative arrangements necessary for our product candidates that are currently under development. In
addition to development and other costs, we expect to incur capital expenditures from time to time. These capital expenditures will
be influenced by our regulatory compliance efforts, our success, if any, at developing collaborative arrangements with strategic
partners, our needs for additional facilities and capital equipment and the growth, if any, of our business in general. We will
require additional funding to continue our anticipated operations and support our capital and operating needs. We are currently
seeking and will continue to seek financings from other existing and/or new investors to raise necessary funds through a combination
of public or private equity offerings. We may also pursue debt financings, other financing mechanisms, strategic collaborations and
licensing arrangements. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. In addition, general
market conditions, including the effects of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and attendant economic sanctions, high inflation,
rising interest rates and the COVID-19 pandemic on financial markets, as well as the effects of laws and regulations on foreign
investment in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), and
other agencies and related regulations, including the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (FIRRMA), adopted in August
2018, may make it difficult for us to seek financing from the capital markets. 

Any
additional equity financings could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and possible restrictions on subsequent financings.
Debt financing, if available, could result in agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or paying dividends. Other financing mechanisms may involve selling intellectual
property rights, payment of royalties or participation in our revenue or cash flow. In addition, in order to raise additional funds through
strategic collaborations or licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish certain rights to some or all of our technologies
or product candidates. If we cannot raise funds or engage strategic partners on acceptable terms when needed, we may not be able to continue
our research and development activities, develop or enhance our product candidates, take advantage of future opportunities, grow our
business, respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, or at worst may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 

We
have generated insignificant revenue to date and have an accumulated deficit. We anticipate that we will incur losses for the foreseeable
future. We may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We
have generated insignificant revenues to date, and we have generated no revenues from sales of any clinical product candidates, and,
as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 83.0 million. We expect to continue to experience losses in
the foreseeable future due to our limited anticipated revenues and significant anticipated expenses. We do not anticipate that we will
achieve meaningful revenues for the foreseeable future. In addition, we expect that we will continue to incur significant operating expenses
as we continue to focus on additional research and development, preclinical testing, clinical testing and regulatory review and/or approvals
of our product candidates and technologies. As a result, we cannot predict when, if ever, we might achieve profitability and cannot be
certain that we will be able to sustain profitability, if achieved. 

Our
product candidates are in an early stage of development. If we are unable to develop or market any of our product candidates, our financial
condition will be negatively affected, and we may have to curtail or cease our operations. 

We
are in the early stage of product development. Investors must evaluate us in light of the uncertainties and complexities affecting an
early-stage biotechnology company. Our product candidates require additional research and development, preclinical testing, clinical
testing and regulatory review and/or approvals or clearances before marketing. In addition, we may not succeed in developing new products
as an alternative to our existing portfolio of product candidates. If we fail to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates,
including our esophageal or airway product candidates, our financial condition may be negatively affected, and we may have to curtail
or cease our operations. 

25 

We
have a limited operating history and it is difficult to predict our future growth and operating results. 

We
have a limited operating history and limited operations and assets. Accordingly, investors should consider our prospects in light of
the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies
in new and evolving markets, such as bioengineered organ implants, and regenerative medicine. These risks include, but are not limited
to, unforeseen capital requirements, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, failure to gain market acceptance and competition from
foreseen and unforeseen sources. As such, our development timelines have been and may continue to be subject to delay that could negatively
affect our cash flow and our ability to develop or bring product candidates to market, if at all. Our estimates of patient population
are based on published data and analysis of external databases by third parties and are subject to uncertainty and possible future revision
as they often require inference or extrapolations from one country to another or one patient condition to another. The effect of any
or all of the foregoing could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

If
we fail to retain key personnel and/or attract satisfactory replacements, we may not be able to compete effectively, which would have
an adverse effect on our operations. 

Our
success is highly dependent on the continued services of key management, technical and scientific personnel and collaborators. Our management
and other employees may voluntarily terminate their employment at any time upon short notice. In February 2020, our Chief Executive Officer
James McGorry resigned; and in July 2019, our Chief Financial Officer Thomas McNaughton resigned; and in October 2020, we determined
that Peter Chakoutis, our former Vice President of Finance, who had been on a temporary leave of absence for personal reasons, would
not be returning to us. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management team, including our Chief Executive Officer
David Green, our President Hong Yu, our Chief Scientific Officer Dr. William Fodor, and our Chief Financial Officer Joseph Damasio,
and our other key scientific, technical and management personnel, may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of product development
and other business objectives. We can give no assurance that we could find satisfactory replacements for our current and future key scientific
and management employees, including recently terminated executives, on terms that would not be unduly expensive or burdensome to us. 

If
our collaborators do not devote sufficient time and resources to successfully carry out their duties or meet expected deadlines, we may
not be able to advance our product candidates in a timely manner or at all. 

We
are currently collaborating with multiple academic researchers and clinicians at a variety of research and clinical institutions. Our
success depends in part on the performance of our collaborators. Some collaborators may not be successful in their research and clinical
trials or may not perform their obligations in a timely fashion or in a manner satisfactory to us. Typically, we have limited ability
to control the amount of resources or time our collaborators may devote to our programs or potential product candidates that may be developed
in collaboration with us. Our collaborators frequently depend on outside sources of funding to conduct or complete research and development,
such as grants or other awards. In addition, our academic collaborators may depend on graduate students, medical students, or research
assistants to conduct certain work, and such individuals may not be fully trained or experienced in certain areas, or they may elect
to discontinue their participation in a particular research program, creating an inability to complete ongoing research in a timely and
efficient manner. As a result of these uncertainties, we are unable to control the precise timing and execution of any experiments that
may be conducted. 

Although
we have co-development collaboration arrangements with Mayo Clinic and Connecticut Children s Medical Center, we do not have formal
agreements in place with other collaborators, and most of our collaborators retain the ability to pursue other research, product development
or commercial opportunities that may be directly competitive with our programs. If any of our collaborators elect to prioritize or pursue
other programs in lieu of ours, we may not be able to advance product development programs in an efficient or effective manner, if at
all. If a collaborator is pursuing a competitive program and encounters unexpected financial or capability limitations, they may be motivated
to reduce the priority placed on our programs or delay certain activities related to our programs. Any of these developments could harm
or slow our product and technology development efforts. 

26 

We
previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that has been remediated. This prior weakness,
our discovery of any additional weaknesses, and our inability to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting,
could adversely affect our results of operations, our stock price and investor confidence in our company. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that companies evaluate and report on their systems of internal control over financial
reporting. As disclosed in more detail under Controls and Procedures in Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we remediated
a material weakness that existed as of December 31, 2020 in our internal control over financial reporting resulting from our failure
to design or maintain effective internal controls over the timely identification and recording of financial statement adjustments. Specifically,
we did not identify, analyze, record, and disclose certain non-routine accounting matters, such as a lease extension and a grant contract,
timely and accurately. 

While
this weakness has been remediated, we may in the future identify additional internal control deficiencies that could rise to the level
of a material weakness or uncover errors in financial reporting. During the course of our evaluation, we may identify areas requiring
improvement and may be required to design additional enhanced processes and controls to address issues identified through this review.
In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts
or that any such future deficiencies identified may not be material weaknesses that would be required to be reported in future periods. 

If,
as a result of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting we cannot provide reliable financial statements, our business
decision processes may be adversely affected, our business and results of operations could be harmed, investors could lose confidence
in our reported financial information and our ability to obtain additional financing, or additional financing on favorable terms, could
be adversely affected. In addition, if we fail to remediate this material weakness and maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting, we may not be able to rely on the integrity of our financial results, which could result in inaccurate or late
reporting of our financial results, as well as delays or the inability to meet our reporting obligations or to comply with SEC rules
and regulations. Any of these could result in delisting actions, result in investigation and sanctions by regulatory authorities, impair
our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, lead to a restatement of our financial statements and adversely
affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Public
perception of ethical and social issues surrounding the use of cell technology may limit or discourage the use of our technologies, which
may reduce the demand for our products and technologies and reduce our revenues. 

Our
success will depend in part upon our and our collaborators ability to develop therapeutic approaches incorporating, or
discovered through, the use of cells. If bioengineered organ implant technology is perceived negatively by the public for
social, ethical, medical or other reasons, governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries may call for prohibition of, or
limits on, cell-based technologies and other approaches to bioengineering and tissue engineering. Although our
product candidates have not, to date, used the more controversial stem cells derived from human embryos or fetuses in the human
transplant surgeries using our product candidates, claims that human-derived stem cell technologies are ineffective or unethical may
influence public attitudes. The subject of cell and stem cell technologies in general has at times received negative publicity and
aroused public debate in the U.S. and some other countries. Ethical and other concerns about such cells could materially harm the
market acceptance of our product candidates. 

27 

Our
products will subject us to liability exposure. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability claims, especially with respect to our products that will be used within the human body,
including the scaffolds we manufacture. Product liability coverage is expensive and sometimes difficult to obtain, if it can be
obtained at all. We may not be able to obtain or maintain insurance at a reasonable cost. We have and in the future may be subject
to claims for liabilities for unsuccessful outcomes of surgeries involving our products, which may include claims relating to
patient suffering and death. We may also be subject to claims for liabilities relating to patients that suffer serious complications
or death during or following implantations involving our products, including the patients who had surgeries utilizing our
first-generation scaffold device or our bioreactor technology or our esophageal implant, or patients that may have surgeries
utilizing any of our products in the future. As further described below under the heading Item 3. Legal Proceedings, 
on April 27, 2022, we and Harvard Bioscience executed a settlement, relating to an ongoing wrongful death lawsuit, which resolved
all claims relating to the litigation. The settlement resulted in the dismissal with prejudice of the wrongful death claim, and
neither we nor Harvard Bioscience admitted any fault or liability in connection with the claim. The settlement also resolved any and
all claims by and between the parties and our products liability insurance carriers, which resulted in the dismissal with prejudice
of all claims asserted by or against those carriers, us and Harvard Bioscience. Our current product liability coverage is 5 million
per occurrence and in the aggregate. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if and when we begin commercializing any of our
products. There can be no assurance that existing insurance coverage will extend to other products in the future. Any product
liability insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy all liabilities resulting from product liability claims. Furthermore,
insurance carriers may deny that coverage exists after a claim is made. A successful claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate
product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable items, if at all. If claims against us substantially exceed our
coverage, then our business could be adversely impacted. Regardless of whether we are ultimately successful in any product liability
litigation, such litigation could consume substantial amounts of our financial and managerial resources and could result in, among
others: 

significant
 awards or judgments against us; 

substantial
 litigation costs; 

injury
 to our reputation and the reputation of our products; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; and 

adverse
 regulatory action. 

Any
of these results would substantially harm our business. 

If
restrictions on reimbursements or other conditions imposed by payers limit our customers actual or potential financial returns
on our products, our customers may not purchase our products or may reduce their purchases. 

Our
customers willingness to use our products will depend in part on the extent to which coverage for these products is available
from government payers, private health insurers and other third-party payers. These payers are increasingly challenging the price of
medical products and services. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved treatments and products
in the fields of biotechnology and regenerative medicine, and coverage and adequate payments may not be available for these treatments
and products. In addition, third-party payers may require additional clinical trial data to establish or continue reimbursement coverage.
These clinical trials, if required, could take years to complete and could be expensive. There can be no assurance that the payers will
agree to continue reimbursement or provide additional coverage based upon these clinical trials. Failure to obtain adequate reimbursement
would result in reduced sales of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We
depend upon single-source suppliers for the hardware used for our proprietary automatic cell seeder, bioreactor control and acquisition
system. The loss of a single source supplier, or future single-source suppliers we may rely on, or their failure to provide us with an
adequate supply of their products or services on a timely basis, could adversely affect our business. 

We
currently have single-source suppliers for certain components that we use for our proprietary automatic cell seeder, bioreactor control
and acquisition systems as well as materials used in scaffolds. We may also rely on other single-source suppliers for critical components
of our products in the future. If we were unable to acquire hardware or other products or services from applicable single-source suppliers,
we could experience a delay in developing and manufacturing our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We
use and generate hazardous materials in our business and must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive. 

28 

Our
research, development and manufacturing involve the controlled use of hazardous chemicals, and we may incur significant costs as a result
of the need to comply with numerous laws and regulations. For example, certain volatile organic laboratory chemicals we use, such as
fluorinated hydrocarbons, must be disposed of as hazardous waste. We are subject to laws and regulations enforced by the FDA, foreign
health authorities and other regulatory requirements, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection
Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and other current and potential federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations governing the use, manufacturing, storage, handling and disposal of our products, materials used to
develop and manufacture our products, and resulting waste products. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing
of such materials comply with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury
from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, our operations could be interrupted. Further,
we could be held liable for any damages that result and any such liability could exceed our resources. 

Our
products are novel and will require market acceptance. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approvals for the commercial use of our product candidates, their commercial success will depend upon acceptance
by physicians, patients, third party payers such as health insurance companies and other members of the medical community. Market acceptance
of our products is also dependent upon our ability to provide acceptable evidence and the perception of the positive characteristics
of our products relative to existing or future treatment methods, including their safety, efficacy and/or other positive advantages.
If our products fail to gain market acceptance, we may be unable to earn sufficient revenue to continue our business. Market acceptance
of, and demand for, any product that we may develop and commercialize will depend on many factors, both within and outside of our control.
If our products receive only limited market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our
long-term growth depends on our ability to develop products for other organs. 

Our
growth strategy includes expanding the use of our products in treatments pertaining to organs other than the esophagus and airways, such
as the lungs, gastrointestinal tract, and others. These other organs are more complex than the esophagus and airways. There is no assurance that we
will be able to successfully apply our technologies to these other more complex organs, which might limit our expected growth. 

Our
success will depend partly on our ability to operate without infringing on, or misappropriating, the intellectual property or confidentiality
rights of others. 

We
may be sued for infringing on the intellectual property or confidentiality rights of others, including the patent rights, trademarks
and trade names and confidential information of third parties. To the extent that any of such claims are valid, if we had utilized, or
were to utilize, such patent applications or patents without an agreement from the owner thereof, it could result in infringement of
the intellectual property rights of the respective owner. Intellectual property and related litigation is costly and the outcome is uncertain.
If we do not prevail in any such intellectual property or related litigation, in addition to any damages we might have to pay, we could
be required to stop the infringing activity, or obtain a license to or design around the intellectual property or confidential information
in question. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms or are unable to design around any third-party patent,
we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. 

We
may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents that would be expensive and time consuming. 

In
order to protect or enforce our patent and trademark rights, we may initiate litigation against third parties. We may also
become subject to interference proceedings conducted in the patent and trademark offices of various countries to determine the
priority of inventions. The defense and prosecution, if necessary, of intellectual property suits, interference proceedings and
related legal and administrative proceedings would be costly and may divert our technical and management personnel from their normal
responsibilities. We may not prevail in any of these suits should they occur. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense
proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk
of being rejected and patents not being issued. 

29 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. For example, during the course of
this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments
in the litigation. Securities analysts or investors may perceive these announcements to be negative, which could cause the market price
of our stock to decline. 

If
we are unable to effectively protect our intellectual property, third parties may use our technology, which would impair our ability
to compete in our markets. 

Our
continued success will depend significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for certain of our products
throughout the world. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the biotechnology, regenerative medicine, and medical device fields
in which we operate is still evolving. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain. We may rely on patents
to protect a significant part of our intellectual property and to enhance our competitive position. However, our presently pending or
future patent applications may not be accepted and patents might not be issued, and any patent previously issued to us may be challenged,
invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. Furthermore, the claims in patents which have been issued or which may be issued to
us in the future may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar to our products. We
may also operate in countries where we do not have patent rights and in those countries we would not have patent protection. We also
rely on trademarks and trade names in our business. The laws of various foreign countries in which we compete may not protect our intellectual
property to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. If we fail to obtain adequate patent protection for our proprietary technology,
our ability to be commercially competitive could be materially impaired. It is also possible that our intellectual property may be stolen
via cyber-attacks or similar methods. 

In
addition to patent protection, we also rely on protection of trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. To
maintain the confidentiality of trade-secrets and proprietary information, we generally seek to enter into confidentiality agreements
with our employees, consultants and strategic partners upon the commencement of a relationship. However, we may not be able to obtain
these agreements in all circumstances in part due to local regulations. In the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information,
these agreements, even if obtained, may not provide meaningful protection for our trade-secrets or other confidential information. In
addition, adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information. The loss or exposure of
our trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a materially adverse effect
on our operating results, financial condition and future growth prospects. 

Our
competitors and potential competitors may have greater resources than we have and may develop products and technologies that are more
effective or commercially attractive than our products and technologies or may develop competing relationships with our key collaborators. 

We
expect to compete with multiple pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and scientific research product companies. In addition,
there are many academic and clinical centers that are developing bioengineered or regenerative organ technologies that may one day become
competitors for us. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, research and
development, marketing, and personnel resources than we do. We cannot, with any accuracy, forecast when or if these companies are likely
to bring bioengineered organ or regenerative medicine products to market for indications that we are also pursuing. Many of these potential
competitors may be further along in the process of product development and also operate large, company-funded research and development
programs. 

We
expect that other products will compete with our current and future products based on efficacy, safety, cost, and intellectual property
positions. While we believe that these will be the primary competitive factors, other factors include obtaining marketing exclusivity
under certain regulations, availability of supply, manufacturing, marketing and sales expertise and capability, and reimbursement coverage.
Our competitors may develop or market products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future products
and may also develop competing relationships with our key collaborators. In addition, we may face competition from new entrants into
the field. We may not have the financial resources, technical expertise or marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete
successfully in the future. The effects of any such actions of our competitors may have a materially adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

30 

If
we do not successfully manage our growth, our business goals may not be achieved. 

To
manage growth, we will be required to continue to improve existing, and implement additional, operational and financial systems, procedures
and controls, and hire, train and manage additional employees. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may
not be adequate to support our anticipated growth and we may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel.
Competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and regenerative medicine area is intense, and we operate or plan to operate
in geographic locations where labor markets are particularly competitive, including Boston, Massachusetts, where demand for personnel
with these skills is extremely high and is likely to remain high. As a result, competition for qualified personnel is intense and the
process of hiring suitably qualified personnel is often lengthy and expensive, and may become more expensive in the future. If we are
unable to hire and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees or otherwise manage our growth effectively, our ability to conduct
and expand our business could be seriously reduced. 

Risks
Associated with Clinical Trials and Pre-Clinical Development 

The
results of our clinical trials or pre-clinical development efforts may not support our product claims or may result in the discovery
of adverse side effects. 

Even
if our pre-clinical development efforts or clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support
our product claims or that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, foreign regulatory authorities or notified bodies will agree
with our conclusions regarding them. Although we have obtained some positive results from the use of our scaffolds and bioreactors for
esophageal and trachea implants performed to date, we also discovered that our first-generation trachea product design encountered certain
body response issues that we have sought to resolve with our ongoing development of our implant design. We cannot be certain that our
implant design or any future modifications or improvements with respect thereto will support our claims, and any such developments may
result in the discovery of further adverse side effects. We also may not see positive results when our product candidates undergo clinical
testing in humans in the future. Success in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials
will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later trials will replicate the results of prior trials and pre-clinical studies.
Our pre-clinical development efforts and any clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and
effective for the proposed indicated uses, which could cause us to abandon a product candidate and may delay development of others. Also,
patients receiving surgeries using our product candidates under compassionate use or in clinical trials may experience significant adverse
events following the surgeries, including serious health complications or death, which may or may not be related to materials provided
by us. In 2017, our esophageal implant candidate was used in a human surgery at Mayo Clinic via an FDA-approved single-use expanded
access application. In 2013 and 2014 we had provided a previous generation trachea scaffold device that was used in implants in human
patients under compassionate use. To date, we believe that at least four of the six patients who received those tracheal implants have
died. While we believe that none of those patients died because of a failure of the applicable device, these and any other such events
have and may cause or contribute to the delay or termination of our clinical trials or pre-clinical development efforts. Any delay or
termination of our pre-clinical development efforts or clinical trials will delay the filing of our product submissions and, ultimately,
our ability to commercialize our products and generate revenues. It is also possible that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience
adverse side effects that are not currently part of the product candidate s profile. 

31 

Regulatory
approval delays due to COVID-19 

COVID-19
may impede clinical trials and slow down regulatory actions. It could adversely affect the entire clinical trial spectrum from enrollment
to data analysis. Assuming patients enroll, clinical trials may face disruptions to protocol schedules for treatment and follow-up visits.
Reports from Europe have noted overwhelmed facilities where all non-critical visits have been postponed or canceled. Many U.S. hospitals
have followed suit to limit exposure and allow for care of COVID-19 patients. Deviations from trial protocols could present challenges
when it comes time to analyze the related data set. Some clinics may stop allowing clinical trial monitors on site. Without reconciling
the data, we may be unable to lock the trial database, an essential step that precedes the analysis of the data. 

We
rely on regular interaction and guidance from the FDA and other regional/country regulatory authorities/agencies to plan research and
development activities across all stages. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA and worldwide regulatory authorities have a great deal
of resources dedicated to COVID-19 related matters, resulting in disruption in their ability to fully support the regulatory clearance/approval
processes. As resources continue to be diverted, regulatory clearances/approvals may continue to be delayed, until the pandemic is under
control. Therefore, delays with approvals, clearances, inspections, and meetings that are currently being experienced may continue for
the foreseeable future. Postponement of these interactions could delay us from bringing our product candidates to market. 

Clinical
trials necessary to support a biological product license or other marketing authorization for our product candidates will be expensive
and will require the enrollment of sufficient patients to adequately demonstrate safety and efficacy for the product s target populations.
Suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. Delays or failures in our clinical trials will prevent us from commercializing
any products and will adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 

In
the U.S., initiating and completing clinical trials necessary to support Biological License Applications, or BLAs, will be time consuming,
expensive and the outcome uncertain. Moreover, the FDA may not agree that clinical trial results support an application for the indications
sought in the application for the product. In other jurisdictions such as the E.U., the conduct of extensive and expensive clinical trials
may also be required in order to demonstrate the quality, safety and efficacy of our product candidates, depending on each specific product
candidate, the claims being studied, and the target condition or disease. The outcome of these clinical trials, which can be expensive
and are heavily regulated, will also be uncertain. Moreover, the results of early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future
results, and any product candidate we advance into clinical trials following initial positive results in early clinical trials may not
have favorable results in later clinical trials. 

Conducting
successful clinical trials will require the enrollment of a sufficient number of patients to support each trial s claims, and suitable
patients may be difficult to identify and recruit. Patient enrollment in clinical trials and completion of patient participation and
follow-up depends on many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the attractiveness
of, or the discomfort and risks associated with, the treatments received by enrolled subjects, the availability of appropriate clinical
trial investigators, support staff, and proximity of patients to clinical sites and ability to comply with the eligibility and exclusion
criteria for participation in the clinical trial and patient compliance. For example, patients may be discouraged from enrolling in our
clinical trials if the trial protocol requires them to undergo extensive post-treatment procedures or follow-up to assess the safety
and effectiveness of our product candidates, or if they determine that the treatments received under the trial protocols are not attractive
or involve unacceptable risks or discomfort. Also, patients may not participate in our clinical trials if they choose to participate
in contemporaneous clinical trials of competitive products. In addition, patients participating in clinical trials may die before completion
of the trial or suffer adverse medical events unrelated to investigational products. 

Development
of sufficient and appropriate clinical protocols to demonstrate safety and efficacy are required and we may not adequately develop such
protocols to support clearance and approval. Further, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit data on a greater
number of patients than we originally anticipated and/or for a longer follow-up period or change the data collection requirements or
data analysis applicable to our clinical trials. Delays in patient enrollment or failure of patients to continue to participate in a
clinical trial may cause an increase in costs and delays in the approval and attempted commercialization of our products or result in
the failure of the clinical trial. In addition, despite considerable time and expense invested in our clinical trials, the FDA and foreign
regulatory authorities may not consider our data adequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Although FDA regulations allow submission
of data from clinical trials outside the U.S., there can be no assurance that such data will be accepted or that the FDA will not apply
closer scrutiny to such data. Increased costs and delays necessary to generate appropriate data, or failures in clinical trials could
adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 

32 

If
the third parties on which we rely to conduct our clinical trials and to assist us with pre-clinical development do not perform as contractually-required
or expected, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 

We
do not have the ability to independently conduct our pre-clinical and clinical trials for our product candidates and we must rely on
third parties, such as contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct,
or assist us in conducting, such trials, including data collection and analysis. We do not have direct control over such third parties 
personnel or operations. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet
expected deadlines, if these third parties need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised
due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or any regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our pre-clinical development
activities or clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to seek or obtain regulatory
approval for, or successfully commercialize, our product candidates on a timely basis, if at all. Our business, operating results and
prospects may also be adversely affected. Furthermore, any third-party clinical trial investigators pertaining to our product candidates
may be delayed in conducting our clinical trials for reasons outside of their control. 

Risks
Associated with Regulatory Approvals 

If
we fail to obtain, or experience significant delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals in the U.S., China or the E.U. for our products,
including those for the esophagus and airways, or are unable to maintain such clearances or approvals for our products, our ability to
commercially distribute and market these products would be adversely impacted. 

We
currently do not have regulatory approval to market any of our implant product candidates, including those for the esophagus,
or trachea and bronchus. Our product candidates are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA, and numerous other federal and state governmental
authorities in the U.S., as well as foreign governmental authorities. In the U.S., the FDA permits commercial distribution of new medical
products only after approval of a Premarket Approval, or PMA, New Drug Application, or NDA, or BLA, unless the product is specifically
exempt from those requirements. A PMA, NDA or BLA must be supported by extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical,
clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data, to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and efficacy of the product
for its intended use. There are similar approval processes in China, the E.U. and other foreign jurisdictions. Our failure to receive
or obtain such clearances or approvals on a timely basis or at all would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The
first bioengineered trachea implant approved in the U.S. using our first-generation trachea scaffold in an implant was approved under
the IND pathway through the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, or CBER, for a single compassionate use. Such initial
U.S. surgery was led by Professor Paolo Macchiarini, M.D., a surgeon pioneering tracheal replacement techniques. Dr. Macchiarini was
not employed or affiliated with our company, and we did not pay him any compensation or consulting fees. In June 2014, we ceased support of any human surgeries with Dr. Macchiarini. Since the time we withdrew
from involvement with Dr. Macchiarini, allegations that Dr. Macchiarini had failed to obtain informed consent and accurately report patient
conditions, among other things, for surgeries performed at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden, were made public. 

The
Karolinska Institutet investigated the allegations and concluded that while in some instances Dr. Macchiarini did act without due care,
his actions did not qualify as scientific misconduct. Subsequent to this investigation, further negative publicity and claims continued
to be released questioning the conduct of Dr. Macchiarini, the Karolinska Institutet, the Krasnodar Regional Hospital in Krasnodar, Russia
as well as our company relating to surgeries performed by Dr. Macchiarini and other surgeons at such facilities. In February 2015, the
Karolinska Institutet announced that it would conduct an additional investigation into the allegations made about Dr. Macchiarini and
the Karolinska Institutet s response and actions in the earlier investigation. In March 2015, the Karolinska Institutet announced
that it was terminating Dr. Macchiarini s employment, and in December 2016 the Karolinska Institutet found Dr. Macchiarini, along
with three co-authors, guilty of scientific misconduct. In May 2022, Dr. Macchiarini was tried in Solna District Court in Sweden
for aggravated assault against three patients treated at the Karolinska University Hospital. On June 16, 2022, Dr. Macchiarini was acquitted
in two of these cases and in the third was found guilty of causing bodily harm to the patient and was given a suspended sentence for two
years. These allegations, the results of the investigation and any further actions that
may be taken in connection with these matters, have and may continue to harm the perception of our product candidates or company and
make it difficult to recruit patients for any clinical trials, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

33 

The
FDA has informed us that our esophageal implant would be viewed by the FDA as a combination product comprised of a biologic, or
cells, and a medical device component. Nevertheless, we cannot be certain how the FDA will regulate our products. The FDA may require
us to obtain marketing clearance and approval from multiple FDA centers. The review of combination products is often more complex and
more time consuming than the review of products under the jurisdiction of only one center within the FDA. 

While
the FDA has informed us that our esophageal implant would be regulated by the FDA as a combination product, we cannot be certain
that any of our other products would also be regulated by the FDA as a combination product. For a combination product, the Office of
Combination Products, or OCP, within FDA can determine which center or centers within the FDA will review the product and under what
legal authority the product will be reviewed. Generally, the center within the FDA that has the primary role in regulating a combination
product is determined based on the primary mode of action of the product. Generally, if the primary mode of action is as a device, the
FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health, or CDRH, takes the lead. Alternatively, if the primary mode of action is cellular,
then the CBER takes the lead. On October 18, 2016, we also received written confirmation from the CBER that the FDA intends to regulate
our esophageal implant as a combination product under the primary jurisdiction of CBER. We further understand that CBER may
choose to consult or collaborate with CDRH with respect to the characteristics of the synthetic scaffold component of our product based
on CBER s determination of need for such assistance. 

The
process of obtaining FDA marketing approval is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain, and we cannot be certain that our product candidates,
including product candidates pertaining to the esophagus, airways, or otherwise, will be cleared or approved in a timely fashion, or
at all. In addition, the review of combination products is often more complex and can be more time consuming than the review of a product
under the jurisdiction of only one center within the FDA. 

We
cannot be certain that the FDA will not elect to have our combination product candidates reviewed and regulated by only one FDA center
and/or different legal authority, in which case the path to regulatory approval would be different and could be more lengthy and costly. 

If
the FDA does not approve or clear our products in a timely fashion, or at all, our business, financial condition or operations will
be adversely affected. 

In
the E.U., our esophagus product candidate will likely be regulated as a combined advanced therapy medicinal product and our other product
candidates, including for the trachea or bronchus, may also be viewed as advanced therapy medicinal products, which could delay approvals
and clearances and increase costs of obtaining such approvals and clearances. 

On
May 28, 2014, we received notice from the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, that our first-generation trachea product candidate would
be regulated as a combined advanced therapy medicinal product. While we have not had any formal interaction with the EMA with respect
to our esophageal implant, we believe that such implant technology would likely be regulated as a combined advanced therapy
medicinal product. In the event of such classification, it would be necessary to seek a marketing authorization for these products granted
by the European Commission before being marketed in the E.U. 

Other
products we may develop, including any products pertaining to the airways or otherwise, may similarly be regulated as advanced therapy
medicinal products or combined advanced therapy medicinal products. The regulatory procedures leading to marketing approval of our products
vary among jurisdictions and can involve substantial additional testing. Compliance with the FDA requirements does not ensure clearance
or approval in other jurisdictions, and the ability to legally market our products in any one foreign country does not ensure clearance,
or approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign jurisdictions. The foreign regulatory process leading to the marketing of the
products may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval in addition to other risks. In addition, the time required
to comply with foreign regulations and market products may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval, and we may not obtain foreign
approval or clearance on a timely basis, if at all. 

34 

Risk
Associated with Product Marketing 

Even
if our products are cleared or approved by regulatory authorities, if we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing FDA or other foreign
regulatory authority requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions
or withdrawal from the market. 

Any
product for which we obtain clearance or approval in the U.S., China, or Europe, and the manufacturing processes, reporting requirements,
post-approval clinical data and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continued regulatory review, oversight and
periodic inspections by the FDA and other domestic and foreign regulatory authorities or notified bodies. In particular, we and our suppliers
are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulations, or QSR, and current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, for
our medical products, and International Standards Organization, or ISO, regulations for the manufacture of our products and other regulations
which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage
and shipping of any product for which we obtain clearance or approval. Manufacturing may also be subject to controls by the FDA for parts
of the system or combination products that the FDA may find are controlled by the biologics regulations. Equivalent regulatory obligations
apply in foreign jurisdictions. Regulatory authorities, such as the FDA, China s National Medical Products Administration, the
competent authorities of the E.U. Member States, the EMA and notified bodies, enforce the QSR, cGMP and other applicable regulations
in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions through periodic inspections. The failure by us or one of our suppliers to comply with applicable
statutes and regulations administered by the FDA and other regulatory authorities or notified bodies in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions,
or the failure to timely and adequately respond to any adverse inspectional observations or product safety issues, could result in, among
other things, any of the following enforcement actions: 

untitled
 letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

unanticipated
 expenditures to address or defend such actions; 

customer
 notifications for repair, replacement, or refunds; 

recall,
 detention or seizure of our products; 

operating
 restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

withdrawing
 BLA or NDA approvals that have already been granted; 

withdrawal
 of the marketing authorization granted by the European Commission or delay in obtaining such marketing authorization; 

withdrawal
 of the CE Certificates of Conformity granted by the notified body or delay in obtaining these certificates; 

refusal
 to grant export approval for our products; and 

criminal
 prosecution. 

The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Post-market
enforcement actions can generate adverse commercial consequences. 

Even
if regulatory approval of a product is granted, such clearance or approval may be subject to limitations on the intended uses for which
the product may be marketed and reduce our potential to successfully commercialize the product and generate revenue from the product.
If the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority determines that our promotional materials, labeling, training or other marketing or educational
activities constitute promotion of an unapproved use, it could request that we cease or modify our training or promotional materials
or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might
take action if they consider our training or other promotional materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result
in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. In addition,
we may be required to conduct costly post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or effectiveness of our products, and
we must comply with medical products reporting requirements, including the reporting of adverse events and malfunctions related to our
products. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events
of unanticipated severity or frequency, manufacturing problems, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements such as QSR, may result
in changes to labeling, restrictions on such products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of the products from the market, voluntary
or mandatory recalls, a requirement to repair, replace or refund the cost of any medical device we manufacture or distribute, fines,
suspension of regulatory approvals, product seizures, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties which would adversely
affect our business, operating results and prospects. 

35 

Risks
Related to Our Separation from Harvard Bioscience 

We
may have received better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we received in our agreements with Harvard Bioscience. 

The
agreements related to the Separation, including the separation and distribution agreement, tax sharing agreement, transition services
agreement and the other agreements, were negotiated in the context of the Separation while we were still part of Harvard Bioscience and,
accordingly, may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm s-length negotiations among unaffiliated third parties. The
terms of the agreements we negotiated in the context of the Separation related to, among other things, allocation of assets, liabilities,
rights, indemnifications and other obligations among Harvard Bioscience and us. We may have received better terms from third parties
because third parties may have competed with each other to win our business. 

Third
parties may seek to hold us responsible for liabilities of Harvard Bioscience that we did not assume in our agreements. 

In
connection with the Separation, Harvard Bioscience has generally agreed to retain all liabilities that did not historically arise from
our business. Third parties may seek to hold us responsible for Harvard Bioscience s retained liabilities. Under our agreements
with Harvard Bioscience, Harvard Bioscience has agreed to indemnify us for claims and losses relating to these retained liabilities.
However, if those liabilities are significant and we are ultimately liable for them, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover
the full amount of our losses from Harvard Bioscience, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

Our
principal stockholders hold a significant percentage of our voting power and will be able to exert significant control over us. 

The
stockholders who purchased shares of our common stock and related warrants pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated December
27, 2017 collectively hold shares of common stock that represent approximately 32 of all outstanding voting power, and as such may significantly
influence the results of matters voted on by our shareholders. The interests of these stockholders may conflict with your interests. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for
our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. 

36 

A
trading market that will provide you with adequate liquidity may not develop for our common stock. 

The
current public market for our common stock has limited trading volume and liquidity. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest
in our company will lead to the development of a more active trading market in our common stock, or how liquid that market might be. 

Our
revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate in future periods and we may fail to meet investor expectations, which may cause
the price of our common stock to decline. 

Variations
in our quarterly and year-end operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly from period to period. If our
revenues or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline
substantially, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional
capital, to use our stock as consideration for future acquisitions or for compensation of our employees. In addition to the other factors discussed under these Risk Factors, specific factors that may cause fluctuations
in our operating results include: 

demand
 and pricing for our products; 

government
 or private healthcare reimbursement policies; 

adverse
 events or publicity related to our products, our research or investigations, or our collaborators or other partners; 

physician
 and patient acceptance of any of our current or future products; 

manufacturing
 stoppages or delays; 

introduction
 of competing products or technologies; 

our
 operating expenses which fluctuate due to growth of our business; and 

timing
 and size of any new product or technology acquisitions we may complete. 

Substantial
sales of common stock have and may continue to occur, or may be anticipated, which have and could continue to cause our stock price to
decline. 

We
expect that we will seek to raise additional capital from time to time in the future, which may involve the issuance of additional shares
of common stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock. The purchasers of the shares of common stock and warrants
to purchase shares of common stock from our public offerings and private placements may sell significant quantities of our common stock
in the market, which may cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Further, we cannot predict the effect, if any, that any additional
market sales of common stock, or anticipation of such sales, or the availability of those shares of common stock for sale will have on
the market price of our common stock. Any future sales of significant amounts of our common stock, or the perception in the market that
this will occur, may result in a decline in the price of our common stock. 

Your
percentage ownership will be diluted in the future. 

Your
percentage ownership will be diluted in the future because of equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors, officers
and employees, as well as shares of common stock, or securities convertible into common stock, we issue in connection with future capital
raising or strategic transactions. Our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including
restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards to our directors, officers
and other employees, advisors and consultants. The issuance of any shares of our stock would dilute the proportionate ownership and voting
power of existing security holders. 

Provisions
of Delaware law, of our amended and restated charter and amended and restated bylaws may make a takeover more difficult, which could
cause our stock price to decline. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and in the Delaware corporate law may make it
difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt, which is opposed by management
and the Board of Directors. Public stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to
do so. We have a staggered Board of Directors that makes it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the Board of Directors
in any one year. Any removal of directors will require a super-majority vote of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding shares
entitled to be cast on the election of directors which may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting
to obtain control of us. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to change our management
and Board of Directors. Such provisions may also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock
in the future. 

37 

The
market price of our shares may fluctuate widely. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

the success and costs of
 preclinical and clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approvals or clearances for our products; 

the success or failure
 of surgeries and procedures involving the use our products; 

a shift in our investor
 base; 

our quarterly or annual
 results of operations, or those of other companies in our industry; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our operating results due to factors related to our business; 

changes in accounting standards,
 policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant acquisitions, dispositions or intellectual property developments or issuances; 

the failure of securities
 analysts to cover our common stock; 

changes in earnings estimates
 by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

the operating and stock
 price performance of other comparable companies; our issuance of equity, debt or other financing instruments; 

overall market fluctuations;
 and 

general macroeconomic conditions. 

Stock
markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These
broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Any
issuance of preferred stock in the future may dilute the rights of our common stockholders. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, privileges and other
terms of these shares. Our Board of Directors is empowered to exercise this authority without any further approval of stockholders. The
rights of the holders of common stock may be adversely affected by the rights of future holders of preferred stock. 

We
have in the past issued, and we may at any time in the future issue, additional shares of authorized preferred stock. For example, in
our December 2017 private placement transaction, we authorized 12,000 shares of Series D convertible preferred stock, of which we issued
3,108 shares, all of which have been converted into shares of common stock, and in June 2022 we also issued 4,000 shares of Series
E convertible preferred stock, and additional shares of Series E convertible preferred stock thereafter
in relation to dividends on such Series E convertible preferred stock. The Company issued an aggregate of 180
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock relating to accrued dividends during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

Currently,
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common
stock will be a stockholder s sole source of gain. 

Our
common stock has been delisted on the NASDAQ Capital Market, which may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock and the
levels of liquidity available to our stockholders. 

Our
common stock was suspended from trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market, prior to the opening of the market on October 6, 2017 and began
quotation on the OTCQB Venture Market on that date, retaining the symbol BSTG . On December 7, 2017, the NASDAQ Capital
Market filed a Form 25-NSE with the SEC to complete the delisting process. The trading of our common stock on the OTCQB Venture Market
rather than The NASDAQ Capital Market may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock and the levels of liquidity available
to our stockholders. 

Upon
such delisting, our common stock became subject to the regulations of the SEC relating to the market for penny stocks. A penny stock
is any equity security not traded on a national securities exchange that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. The regulations
applicable to penny stocks may severely affect the market liquidity for our common stock and could limit the ability of shareholders
to sell securities in the secondary market. Accordingly, investors in our common stock may find it more difficult to dispose of or obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock, and there can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to
be eligible for trading or quotation on the OTCQB Venture Market or any other alternative exchanges or markets. 

38 

The
delisting of our common stock from the NASDAQ Capital Market may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through public
or private sales of equity securities, may significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities, and may negatively
affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Such delisting may also have other negative results, including the potential loss
of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. Furthermore, because
of the limited market and low volume of trading in our common stock that could occur, the share price of our common stock could more
likely be affected by broad market fluctuations, general market conditions, fluctuations in our operating results, changes in the market s
perception of our business, and announcements made by us, our competitors, parties with whom we have business relationships or third
parties. 

General
Risk Factors 

Impact of COVID-19, Supply Chain Disruptions
and Other Matters 

The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided substantially in the U.S. but continues to result in reduced activity levels outside of the U.S., such as continued restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit or forego their time outside of their homes or places of business. In response to the global supply chain instability and inflationary cost increases, we have taken action to minimize, as much as possible, any potential adverse impacts by working with our suppliers to monitor the availability of raw material components (e.g., polymers and organic solvents), lead times, and freight carrier availability. We expect global supply chain instability will continue to have an impact on our business, but to date that has not been material to our financial performance or the development of our products. The consequences of the pandemic, global supply chain instability and inflationary cost increases and their adverse impact to the global economy, continue to evolve. Accordingly, the significance of the future impact to our business, financial condition and results of operations remains subject to significant uncertainty. 

We
are subject to new U.S. foreign investment regulations, which may impose additional burdens on or may limit certain investors 
ability to purchase our common stock, potentially making our common stock less attractive to investors, and may also impact our ability
to generate revenues outside of the U.S. 

In
October 2018, the U.S. Department of Treasury announced a pilot program to implement part of the FIRRMA, effective November 10, 2018.
The pilot program expands the jurisdiction of CFIUS to include certain direct or indirect foreign investments in a defined category of
U.S. companies, which may include companies such as Biostage in the biotechnology industry. Among other things, FIRRMA empowers CFIUS
to require certain foreign investors to make mandatory filings and permits CFIUS to charge filing fees related to such filings. Such
filings are subject to review by CFIUS. Any such restrictions on the ability to purchase shares of our common stock may have the effect
of delaying or deterring any particular investment and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common
stock. In addition, such restrictions could also limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of
our common stock in relation to any potential change in control. 

We
intend to generate significant revenues outside the U.S., including in China and the E.U. Restrictions, such as those related to CFIUS,
not only affect foreign ownership and investments, but also the transfer or licensing of technology from the U.S. into certain foreign
markets, including China. Such restrictions, including to the extent they block strategic transactions that might otherwise be in stockholder s
interests, may materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues in those foreign markets and the results of our operations. 

If
we incur higher costs as a result of trade policies, treaties, government regulations or tariffs, it could have a materially adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

There
is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China, including with respect to trade
policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. The current United States administration has called for substantial changes to U.S. foreign
trade policy including greater restrictions on international trade and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S.
Under the current status, we do not expect that this tariff will significantly impact any Biostage products and thus the tariff should
not have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are unable to predict whether
or when additional tariffs will be imposed or the impact of any such future tariff increases. 

We
are exposed to a variety of risks relating to our potential international sales and operations, including fluctuations in exchange
rates, local economic conditions and delays in collection of accounts receivable. 

We
intend to generate significant revenues outside the U.S. in multiple foreign currencies including Chinese Renminbi, Euros, British
pounds, and in U.S. dollar-denominated transactions conducted with customers who generate revenue in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. In such instances, for those foreign customers who purchase our products in U.S. dollars, currency fluctuations between the
U.S. dollar and the currencies in which those customers do business may have a negative impact on the demand for our products in
foreign countries where the U.S. dollar has increased in value compared to the local currency. 

Since
we may have vendors and customers outside the U.S. and we may generate revenues and incur operating expenses in multiple foreign currencies,
we will experience currency exchange risk with respect to any foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses. We cannot predict the
consolidated effects of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future operating results because of the number of currencies involved, the
variability of currency exposure and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates. Our international activities subject us to
laws regarding sanctioned countries, entities and persons, customs, import-export, laws regarding transactions in foreign countries,
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and other laws regarding interactions with healthcare professionals. Among
other things, these laws restrict, and in some cases prohibit, U.S. companies from directly or indirectly selling goods, technology or
services to people or entities in certain countries. In addition, these laws require that we exercise care in structuring our sales and
marketing practices in foreign countries. 

39 

Local
economic conditions, legal, regulatory or political considerations, disruptions from strikes, the effectiveness of our sales representatives
and distributors, local competition and changes in local medical practice could also affect our sales to foreign markets. Relationships
with customers and effective terms of sale frequently vary by country, often with longer-term receivables than are typical in the U.S. 

Comprehensive
tax reform legislation could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

In
December 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or TCJA, which significantly reforms the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. The TCJA, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including reduction of the
corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 , effective January 1, 2018; limitation of the tax deduction
for interest expense; limitation of the deduction for net operating losses and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, in each
case, for losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 (though any such tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely);
and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits, including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing
expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs .
The tax rate change resulted in (i) a reduction in the gross amount of our deferred tax assets recorded as of December 31, 2017, without
an impact on the net amount of our deferred tax assets, which are recorded with a full valuation allowance. We continue to examine the
impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. However, the effect of the TCJA on us and our affiliates, whether adverse
or favorable, is uncertain and may not become evident for some period of time. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax
advisers regarding the implications of the TCJA on an investment in our common stock. 

Changes
in the European regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection regulations could have a materially adverse impact on our
results of operations. 

The
European Union, or E.U., has adopted a comprehensive overhaul of its data protection regime in the form of the General Data Protection
Regulation, or GDPR, which came into effect in May 2018. GDPR extends the scope of the existing E.U. data protection law to foreign companies
processing personal data of E.U. residents. The regulation imposes a strict data protection compliance regime with severe penalties of
4 of worldwide turnover or 20 million, whichever is greater, and includes new rights such as the right of erasure of personal
data. Although the GDPR will apply across the E.U., as has been the case under the current data protection regime, E.U. Member States
have some national derogations and local data protection authorities that will still have the ability to interpret the GDPR, which has
the potential to create inconsistencies on a country-by-country basis. Implementation of, and compliance with the GDPR could increase
our cost of doing business and/or force us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. In addition, violations
of the GDPR may result in significant fines, penalties and damage to our brand and business which could, individually or in the aggregate,
materially harm our business and reputation. 

Healthcare
legislative reform measures may have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In
the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example,
in March 2010, the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, was passed, which substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both
governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects
biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by
manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or
injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate
program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of
certain branded prescription drugs, and creates a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must
agree to offer 50 (70 commencing January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to
eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered
under Medicare Part D. Some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, while certain provisions have been
subject to Judicial and Congressional challenges, as well as efforts by the Trump administration to repeal or replace certain
aspects of the ACA. Since January 2017, former President Trump signed two Executive Orders designed to delay the implementation
of certain provisions of the ACA or otherwise circumvent some of the requirements for health insurance mandated by the
ACA. 

40 

Concurrently,
Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive
repeal legislation, two bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have been signed into law. The TCJA includes
a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals
who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. 
Additionally, on January 22, 2018, former President Trump signed a continuing resolution on appropriations for fiscal year 2018 that
delayed the implementation of certain ACA-mandated fees, including the so-called Cadillac tax, an annual fee on certain
high-cost employer-sponsored insurance plans, the annual fee imposed on certain health insurance providers based on market share, and
the Medical Device Excise Tax, or MDET, on non-exempt medical devices. Since then, The Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020
H.R. 1865, signed into law on December 20, 2019, repealed the MDET. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or the BBA, among other
things, amends the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to reduce the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the
 donut hole. The effect that the ACA and its possible repeal and replacement may have on our business remains unclear. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control
Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction,
tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach
required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate
reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent
legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2027 unless additional congressional action is taken. On January
2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to
several types of providers. 

Moreover,
payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, the Middle Class Tax
Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 required that the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, the agency responsible for
administering the Medicare program, reduce the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule by 2 in 2013, which served as a base for 2014
and subsequent years. In addition, effective January 1, 2014, CMS also began bundling the Medicare payments for certain laboratory tests
ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform
measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
products and services, which could result in reduced demand for any product candidate we develop or complementary diagnostics or companion
diagnostics or additional pricing pressures. 

Additionally,
there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices.
Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed
to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship
between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 

Most recently, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 included a number of significant drug pricing reforms, which include the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that requires manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and a redesign of the Part D benefit, as part of which manufacturers are required to provide discounts on Part D drugs. 

Any
of these regulatory changes and events could limit our ability to form collaborations and our ability to commercialize our products,
and if we fail to comply with any such new or modified regulations and requirements it could adversely affect our business, operating
results and prospects. 

If
we fail to complete the required IRS forms for exemptions, make timely semi-monthly payments of collected excise taxes, or submit quarterly
reports as required by the MDET, we may be subject to penalties, such as Section 6656 penalties for any failure to make timely deposits. 

Section
4191 of the Internal Revenue Code, enacted by Section 1405 of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, Public Law 111-152
(124 Stat. 1029 (2010)), in conjunction with the Patient Protection and the ACA, Public Law 111-148 (124 Stat. 119 (2010)), imposed as
of January 1, 2013, an excise tax on the sale of certain medical devices. The MDET imposed by Section 4191 is 2.3 of the price for which
a taxable medical device is sold within the U.S. 

41 

We
are a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our common
stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, or SRC, and a non-accelerated filer, which allows us to take advantage of exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not SRCs or non-accelerated filers, including not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
reduced disclosure obligations, including disclosures regarding executive compensation, in our Annual Report and our periodic
reports and proxy statements and providing only two years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report and our periodic
reports. We will remain an SRC until (a) the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the
last business day our most recently completed second fiscal quarter exceeds 250 million or (b) in the event we have over 100
million in annual revenues, and the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last
business day our most recently completed second fiscal quarter exceeds 700 million. We cannot predict whether investors will find
our common stock less attractive if we rely on certain or all of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less
attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and
may decline. 

We
incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new
compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. These costs
generally increase for a company whose shares are listed on the NYSE American or Nasdaq Capital Market as compared to the costs for
a company for whose shares are quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, FINRA rules and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public
companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance
practices. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover,
these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and
costly. 

We
continue to evaluate these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing
of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity,
and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies.
This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure
and governance practices. 

We
will likely in the future have assets held at financial institutions that may exceed the insurance coverage offered by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the loss of which would have a severe negative affect on our operations and liquidity. 

We
currently have the majority of our cash and cash equivalents held in deposit at Bank of America. While the amounts held in the
deposit accounts as of March 20, 2023 were less than the insurance coverage offered by the FDIC, in the future, we will likely
maintain our cash assets at financial institutions in the U.S. in amounts that may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of
 250,000. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial
institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry
generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead
to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. In the event of a failure or liquidity
issue of or at any of these financial institutions where we maintain our deposits or other assets, we may incur a loss, and to the
extent such loss exceeds the FDIC insurance limitation it could have a material adverse effect upon our liquidity, financial
condition and our results of operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

42 

Item
2. Properties. 

On
November 1, 2013 we entered into a sublease of approximately 17,000 square feet of mixed-use space of the facility located at 84 October
Hill Road, Suite 11, Holliston, Massachusetts, which is our corporate headquarters, from Harvard Bioscience. Our principal facilities
incorporate manufacturing, laboratory, development, sales and marketing, and administration functions. We believe our current facilities
are adequate for our needs for the foreseeable future. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

As
previously disclosed, on April 14, 2017, representatives for the estate of an individual plaintiff filed a wrongful death complaint with
the Suffolk Superior Court, in the County of Suffolk, Massachusetts, against us and other defendants, including Harvard Bioscience, Inc.,
or HBIO, the former parent of the Company that spun off the Company in 2013, as well as another third party. The complaint sought payment
for an unspecified amount of damages and alleged that the plaintiff sustained terminal injuries allegedly caused by products provided
by certain of the named defendants and utilized in connection with surgeries performed by third parties in Europe in 2012 and 2013. This
lawsuit relates to our first-generation trachea scaffold technology for which we discontinued development in 2014, and not to our current
esophageal implant. 

On
April 27, 2022, the Company and HBIO executed a settlement with the plaintiffs (the Settlement ), which resolves all claims
relating to the litigation. The Settlement resulted in the dismissal with prejudice of the wrongful death claim, and neither we nor HBIO
admitted any fault or liability in connection with the claim. The Settlement also resolved any and all claims by and between the parties
and our products liability insurance carriers, which resulted in the dismissal with prejudice of all claims asserted by or against those
carriers, the Company and HBIO. However, based on review of the circumstances surrounding the Settlement, we recorded an accrual for
this matter of approximately 3.3 million in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
relation to the litigation, we have incurred approximately 5.9 million of aggregate costs, all of which has been paid as of
December 31, 2022. This aggregate amount includes the cost of both the accrual for contingency matter of approximately 3.3 million
and approximately 2.6 million of legal and related costs incurred by us which consist of attorney s fees and advisor and
specialist costs as part of our defense in this matter. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred legal and related costs of
approximately 1.3 million recorded in general and administrative expenses. On March 3, 2022, we received a cash payment of
approximately 0.1 million from Medmarc, our insurance carrier. This amount represented a reimbursement of previously incurred legal
costs and was recorded as a reduction to general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

With
respect to such 5.9 million of costs described above, we were required to either pay such costs directly or indemnify HBIO as to such
amounts it incurs. With respect to the indemnification obligation of the Company to HBIO pertaining to such costs, we and HBIO entered into a Preferred
Issuance Agreement dated as of April 27, 2022, or the PIA. In connection with the PIA, we and HBIO agreed that once HBIO
had paid at least 4.0 million in such costs, to satisfy our indemnification obligations with respect thereto, in lieu of paying cash,
we would issue senior convertible preferred stock to HBIO that will contain terms as described in the PIA, including the term sheet attached
thereto. On June 10, 2022, following the execution of a subscription agreement and HBIO providing evidence of payment of the requisite
 4.0 million amount, we issued HBIO 4,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 per share to satisfy our related indemnification
obligations aggregating 4.0 million, which included the accrual for contingency of approximately 3.3 million and approximately 0.8
million of legal and related costs paid on behalf of the Company by HBIO. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than the above
matter, there are no such matters pending that we expect to be material in relation to its business, financial condition, and results
of operations or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

43 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock was initially quoted on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace at the opening of business on October 6, 2017 under the symbol BSTG. 
Prior to that time, our common stock traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market also under the symbol BSTG. From our initial listing
on October 21, 2013 until April 1, 2016, in connection with our name change, our common stock traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under
the symbol HART. 

There
were 141 holders of record of our common stock as of March 20, 2023, which does not include persons or entities that hold their stock
in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. We believe that the number of beneficial owners of our common
stock at that date was substantially greater. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock in the past and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will
depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all
of our unregistered sales were previously disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or in Current Reports on Form 8-K in relation
to the applicable periods, other than during the fourth quarter of 2022, we issued 558,825 shares of common stock in connection with cashless
exercises of 775,000 warrants that were issued in December 2017, which such issuances were done without registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving a public offering
and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to an accredited investor, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable
state laws. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
Applicable. 

44 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
following section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based
on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as believe, may, estimate, 
 continue, anticipate, intend, should, could, would, 
 target, seek, aim, believe, predicts, think, objectives, 
 optimistic, new, goal, strategy, potential, is likely, 
 will, expect, plan project, permit and similar expressions intended
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions
and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
We discuss many of these risks in greater detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should
carefully review all of these factors, as well as the comprehensive discussion of forward-looking statements on page ii of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biotechnology company that intends to use cell therapy to treat cancer, injuries, and birth defects in the
esophagus. 

We
believe our technology is likely to be used to treat esophageal cancer, esophageal injuries, and birth defects in the esophagus. Additional
product candidates in our pipeline may treat bronchial cancer, intestinal cancer and colon cancer. 

Our
first esophageal product candidate, our esophageal implant was used in the first successful regeneration of the esophagus
in a patient with esophageal cancer. This successful first-in-human experience, plus the research we have performed on over 50 pigs,
led the FDA to approve our 10-patient combined phase 1 and phase 2 clinical trial. This combination trial will measure both safety and
efficacy in the patient population. 

We
were incorporated and commenced operations on November 1, 2013 as a result of a spin-off from Harvard Bioscience, Inc., or Harvard Bioscience.
On that date, we became an independent company that operates the regenerative medicine business previously owned by Harvard Bioscience.
The spin-off was completed through the distribution of all the shares of common stock of Biostage to Harvard Bioscience stockholders. 

We
have also formed a subsidiary in Hong Kong, Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology Limited, as we continue to assess the market and
regulatory approval pathway in China as to our implant products. Any development and capital raising efforts in China may include a joint
venture in relation to our Hong Kong subsidiary, and would also involve a number of commercial variables, including rights and obligations
pertaining to licensing, development and financing, among others. Our failure to receive or obtain such clearances or approvals on a
timely basis or at all, whether that be in the U.S., China or otherwise, would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Since
our incorporation, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to developing our programs, building our intellectual property
portfolio, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. To date, we have
financed our operations with proceeds from the sales of common stock and preferred stock. In December 2017, we sold the inventory and
rights to manufacture and sell research-only versions of our bioreactors to Harvard Bioscience. We did not recognize any revenues during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Our
product candidates are currently in development and have not yet received regulatory approval for sale anywhere in the world. 

We
have incurred substantial operating losses since our inception, and as of December 31, 2022 had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 83.0 million and will require additional financing to fund future operations. We expect that our operating cash on-hand as of December
31, 2022 of approximately 1.2 million will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second
quarter of 2023. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations for 2022 and in future years.
Therefore, as disclosed in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

45 

We
will need to raise additional funds to fund our operations. In the event we do not raise additional capital from outside sources before
or during the second quarter of 2023, we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. Cash requirements and cash resource needs
will vary significantly depending upon the timing of the financial and other resource needs that will be required to complete ongoing
development, pre-clinical and clinical testing of product candidates, as well as regulatory efforts and collaborative arrangements necessary
for our products that are currently under development. We are currently seeking and will continue to seek financings from other existing
and/or new investors to raise necessary funds through a combination of public or private equity offerings. We may also pursue debt financings,
other financing mechanisms, research grants, or strategic collaborations and licensing arrangements. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on favorable terms, if at all. 

Our
operations will be adversely affected if we are unable to raise or obtain needed funding and may materially affect our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and therefore,
the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or the amount and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

2022
Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the following financing activities: 

In
 May 2022, we sold 854,771 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 427,390 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase
 price of approximately 5.1 million and a purchase price per unit of 5.92. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock and
 a warrant to purchase one half of one share of common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the warrants. The warrants have
 an exercise price of 8.88 per share, subject to adjustments as provided under the terms thereof, and were immediately exercisable.
 The warrants are exercisable until five years (5) from the warrant issuance date. In May 2022, we also issued options to acquire
 38,564 shares of common stock to satisfy sales commissions in the approximate amount of 155,660 incurred in relation to this private
 placement. 

In
 June 2022, the Company issued 4,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 per share to satisfy certain
 indemnification obligations in the amount of 4.0 million, in lieu of paying cash. The Company issued an aggregate of 180 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock relating
to accrued dividends during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2021
Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the following financing activities: 

On May 4, 2020, we obtained
 a loan from Bank of America in the aggregate amount of approximately 0.4 million, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program, established
 as part of the CARES Act. Such loan was evidenced by a promissory note dated May 4, 2020 issued by us whereas certain amounts of
 the loan where eligible for forgiveness if used for qualifying expenses. On December 18, 2020, we submitted the loan forgiveness
 application for the entire borrowings of approximately 0.4 million to the lender and were notified on January 7, 2021 that the application
 was submitted to the Small Business Administration, or SBA, for review. On May 23, 2021, we were notified by the lender that the
 SBA determined that the application for our loan forgiveness was approved, and the SBA remitted the forgiven amount to the lender.
 We have accounted for this loan forgiveness as a gain on extinguishment of approximately 0.4 million (See Note 3 in the Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion). 

During the year ended December
 31, 2021, we issued a total of 1,300,000 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 2.00 per share and warrants to purchase
 650,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share to a group of investors for aggregate gross and net proceeds
 of approximately 2.6 million. 

During the year ended December
 31, 2021, we issued 72,464 shares of our common stock to our Chief Executive Officer at a purchase price of 3.45 per share and warrants
 to purchase 36,232 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.45 per share for aggregate gross and net proceeds of approximately
 250 thousand. 

Small
Business Innovation Research Grant 

On
March 28, 2018, we were awarded a Fast-Track Small Business Innovation Research, or SBIR, grant by the Eunice Kennedy National
Institute of Child Health and Human Development, or NICHD, to support testing of a pediatric esophageal implant. The award
for Phase I provided for the reimbursement of approximately 0.2 million of qualified research and development costs which was
received and recognized as grant income during 2018. 

On
October 26, 2018, we were awarded the Phase II Fast-Track SBIR grant from the Eunice Kennedy NICHD grant aggregating 1.1 million to
support development, testing, and translation to the clinic through September 2019 and represented years one and two of the Phase II
portion of the award. On August 3, 2020, we were awarded a third year of the Phase II grant totaling 0.5 million for support of development,
testing, and translation to the clinic covering qualified expenses incurred from October 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020. In September
of 2020, we filed and were granted a one year, no-cost extension for the Phase II grant period extending through September 30, 2021. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately 0 and 0.2 million of grant income, respectively,
from Phase II of the SBIR grant. The aggregate SBIR grant to date provided a total award of 1.8 million, of which approximately 1.5
million has been recognized through December 31, 2022. 

The
Phase II portion of the award expired effective September 30, 2021. 

46 

Management 

Effective as of November 26, 2021, we appointed David Green as Chief Executive
Officer. Effective as of March 1, 2023, we transitioned the role of Chief Executive Officer to Junli (Jerry) He, our existing director,
and Mr. Green remains on our Board of Directors. 

On
August 8, 2022, we appointed Joseph Damasio Jr. as Chief Financial Officer. In such role, Mr. Damasio serves as the Company s principal
accounting officer and principal financial officer. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 8 employees, 7 of whom were full-time and one part-time. 

Components
of Operating Loss 

Research
and Development Expense . Research and development expense consists of salaries and related expenses, including share-based compensation,
for personnel and contracted consultants and various materials and other costs to develop our new products, primarily: synthetic scaffolds,
including investigation and development of materials and investigation and optimization of cellularization, autoseeders, and 3-D bioreactors,
as well as studies of cells and cell behavior. Other research and development expenses include the costs of outside service providers
and material costs for prototype and test units and outside laboratories and testing facilities performing cell growth and materials
experiments, as well as the costs of all other preclinical research and testing including animal studies and expenses related to potential
patents. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

General
and Administrative Expense . General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other related expenses, including
share-based compensation, for personnel in executive, accounting, information technology and human resources roles. Other costs include
professional fees for legal and accounting services, insurance, investor relations and facility costs. 

Forgiveness
of Notes Payable. On May 23, 2021, we were notified by our lender that provided our related Loan that the SBA determined that our
application for loan forgiveness was approved, and the SBA remitted the forgiveness amount to our lender. We have accounted for this
loan forgiveness as an extinguishment. 

Grant
Income. Grant income reflects income earned under the SBIR grant. Grant income is recognized based on timing of when qualified research
and development costs are incurred. 

Changes
in Fair Value of Warrant Liability. Changes in fair value of warrant liability represent the change in the fair value of
outstanding common stock warrants that were classified as liability awards during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We use
the Black-Scholes pricing model to value the related warrant liability. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues,
expenses and related disclosures. We believe the following policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our financial statements. 

Share-based
Compensation 

We
account for our share-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of current authoritative guidance.
Share-based awards, including stock options, are measured at fair value as of the grant date and recognized as expense over the requisite
vesting period (generally the service period), which we recognize on a straight-line basis. Expense on share-based awards for which vesting
is performance or milestone based is recognized on a straight-line basis from the date when we determine the achievement of the milestone
is probable to the vesting/milestone achievement date. We estimate the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option valuation
model. Significant judgment is required in determining the proper assumptions used in these models. The assumptions used include the
risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility and expected dividend yield. We base our assumptions on historical data when
available or, when not available, on a peer group of companies. However, these assumptions consist of estimates of future market conditions,
which are inherently uncertain and subject to our judgment, and therefore any changes in assumptions could significantly impact the future
grant date fair value of share-based awards. 

Total
share-based compensation expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 1.0
million. Share-based compensation is further described in Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Warrant
Liability 

Most
of the warrants to purchase shares of our common stock have been classified on our consolidated balance sheets as equity. We classify
warrants as a liability in our consolidated balance sheets if the warrant is a free-standing financial instrument that may require us
to transfer cash consideration upon exercise and that cash transfer event would be out of our control. Such a liability warrant 
is initially recorded at fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model, net of issuance costs, and it is subsequently
re-measured to fair value at each subsequent balance sheet date. Changes in fair value of the warrant are recognized as a component of
other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. We continued to adjust the liability for changes in fair value
until the expiration of the warrant liability in February 2022. 

47 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table summarizes the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 

For
 the Year Ended 
 Change
 2022 vs. 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 1,742 
 1,592 
 150 
 9 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,411 
 7,044 
 (2,633 
 (37 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 6,153 
 8,636 
 (2,483 
 (29 

Other income (expense) 

Forgiveness of notes payable 
 
 408 
 (408 
 (100 
 
 Sublease income 
 87 
 
 87 
 100 
 
 Grant income 
 
 165 
 (165 
 (100 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 2 
 15 
 (13 
 (87 
 
 Other income (expense),
 net 
 (9 
 70 
 (79 
 (113 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 80 
 658 
 (578 
 (88 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (6,073 
 (7,978 
 1,905 
 (24 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and development expense increased approximately 0.2 million, or 9 , to approximately 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to approximately 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was due primarily to higher headcount and preclinical
trial activities. 

General
and Administrative Expense 

General
and administrative expense decreased approximately 2.6 million, or 37 , to approximately 4.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to approximately 7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was due primarily to a charge in the
prior year of approximately 3.3 million relating to the contingency matter for our litigation for a wrongful death complaint and related
matters more fully described in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. The decrease is offset, in part, by approximately 0.4
million of higher employee and share-based expenses and approximately 0.2 million for increased costs for supporting our ongoing public
company requirements. 

Forgiveness
of notes payable 

On
May 23, 2021, we were notified by our lender that provided our related Loan that the SBA determined that our application for loan forgiveness
was approved, and the SBA remitted the forgiven amount to our lender. As a result, we recorded a gain from forgiveness of our notes payable
of approximately 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to none for 2022. 

Sublease
income 

On January 5, 2022, the Company executed a four-month sublease agreement for certain laboratory and office space at its
Holliston, Massachusetts facility. The Company further extended the sublease agreement to a month-to-month basis until August 31, 2022,
when the other party vacated the premises. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded sublease income of approximately
 87,000 relating to this agreement. 

Grant
income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded grant income of approximately 0 for qualified expenditures under the SBIR grant as the
Phase II portion of the award expired effective September 30, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded grant income of
approximately 165,000 for qualified expenditures under the SBIR grant. 

48 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in fair value of our warrant liability resulted in other income of approximately 2,000.
This compared to other income of approximately 15,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was due primarily to a reduction in
the expected term of the outstanding warrants. These warrants expired unexercised in February of 2022. 

Other
income (expense), net 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded interest expense of approximately 9,000 on insurance installment
payments. In
June 2021, we received a refund payment of approximately 71,000 for certain withholding taxes paid in previous years to the German
tax authorities which were remitted to us on behalf of Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology GmbH, our German subsidiary. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity. We have incurred operating losses since inception and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 83.0 million. We are currently investing significant resources in the development and commercialization of our product candidates for
use by clinicians and researchers in the field of regenerative medicine. As a result, we expect to incur operating losses and negative
operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. 

Operating
Activities. Net cash used in operating activities of approximately 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily
a result of our net loss of approximately 6.1 million and 0.6 million for deferred financing costs, offset by approximately 1.1 million
of non-cash items related to share-based compensation and depreciation, and an increase of approximately 0.5 million of cash provided
from working capital due to the timing of prepaid expenses, accounts payable, and accrued and other current liabilities. 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily a result of our net
loss of approximately 8.0 million, offset by approximately 0.7 million of non-cash items related to the forgiveness of our notes payable,
share-based compensation and depreciation, and an increase of approximately 4.7 million of cash provided from working capital due to
the timing of prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities and contingency accrual more fully described in Note 9 to our consolidated
financial statements. 

Investing
Activities. Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 5,000 and 0, respectively,
and represented purchases of property, plant and equipment. 

Financing
Activities. Net cash generated from financing activities was approximately 5.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022
and consisted of net proceeds received from private placement transactions for the issuance of common stock and warrants to purchase
common stock. Net cash generated from financing activities was approximately 2.8 million during the year ended December 31,
2021 and consisted of net proceeds received from private placement transactions for the issuance of common stock and warrants to
purchase common stock. 

We
continue to pursue our esophageal program, including advancing to operate as a clinical stage company. Given our current limited cash
resources, we intend to closely monitor our cash expenses as such cash resources are expected to only allow us to meet our operating
needs into the second quarter of 2023. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

A
description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations
is disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

49 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have, during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under applicable
Securities and Exchange Commission rules. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
information required by this item is contained in the consolidated financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
listed under Item 15 of Part IV below. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes the certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer required by Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. This Item 9A includes information concerning
the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications. 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, under the supervision and with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and our
management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
upon the evaluation described above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that they believe
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report, in providing reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

(b)
Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, under the supervision of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing
and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

50 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (b) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S.
GAAP; (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization
of management and the Board of Directors; and (d) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. As a result of that evaluation, management has
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
As a result, Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has not audited or issued an attestation
report with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, has evaluated whether any
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. Except as noted above,
management concluded that there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31,
2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

(d)
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

The
design of any system of control is based upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all future events, no matter how remote, that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may not deteriorate. Because
of their inherent limitations, systems of control may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Accordingly, even effective systems of
control can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

51 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Information
concerning executive officers of our company is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Item 1. Business - Information
about our Executive Officers and incorporated herein by reference. 

Directors
of Biostage, Inc. 

The
following information is current as of March 6, 2023, based on information furnished to the Company by each Director: 

Director
 Name 
 Age 
 Position
 with the Company 
 Since 
 
 Class I Directors 

James
 Shmerling, DHA, FACHE (1)(2) 
 68 
 Director 
 2018 
 
 Junli (Jerry)
 He 
 48 
 Chairman 
 2021 

Class II Directors 

Ting
 Li (2) 
 46 
 Director 
 2018 
 
 David
 Green 
 60 
 Director 
 2021 

Class III Directors 

Jason
 Jing Chen (2)(3) 
 61 
 Vice Chairman 
 2018 
 
 Herman
 Sanchez (1)(3) 
 48 
 Director 
 2021 

(1) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 

(2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 

(3) 
 Member
 of the Governance Committee 

Class
I Directors 

James
Shmerling, DHA, FACHE Director 

Dr.
Shmerling has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March
29, 2018 and is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Dr. Shmerling has served as the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Connecticut Children s Medical Center since October 2015. Dr. Shmerling is a seasoned executive who has worked in leadership
roles at several pediatric hospitals around the United States during his career. For over three decades, he has served in management roles
at children s hospitals across the country and is nationally recognized as a leader in issues concerning children s health
and wellness. Prior to joining Connecticut Children s, Dr. Shmerling spent eight years as the Chief Executive Officer of Children s
Hospital Colorado. Before that, he was the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Monroe Carell Jr. Children s Hospital
at Vanderbilt from 2002 to 2007. Dr. Shmerling is a Fellow in the American College of Health Care Executives (ACHE). He is an adjunct
faculty member in the Hospital Administration programs, University of Alabama at Birmingham. Dr. Shmerling received a B.S. in Health Education
from the University of Tennessee, an M.S. in Hospital and Health Administration from the University of Alabama in Birmingham, an M.B.A.
from Samford University and a Doctorate of Health Administration from the Medical University of South Carolina. We believe Dr. Shmerling s
qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his extensive leadership experience at children s hospitals and his status
as a leader in issues concerning children s health and wellness. 

52 

Junli (Jerry)
He Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since September 1,
2021 and has served as Chairman since March 1, 2023. Mr. He s biographical information is provided under the caption Information
about our Executive Officers above on page 22. We believe Mr. He s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include
his extensive leadership and CFO experience, in particular in relation to finance, accounting and operations, as well as his public company
experience. 

Class
II Directors 

Ting
Li Director 

Ms.
Li has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 6, 2018. Ms. Li is also a member of the Compensation Committee.
Ms. Li brings over 20 years of investment banking experience, building relationships between customers and enterprises. Ms. Li is
currently a managing partner at Donghai Securities Co., Ltd, a top asset management company in China, and also serves as the Vice
President of the Jilin Enterprise Chamber of Commerce and advisor of the School of Continuing Education of Tsinghua University. Ms.
Li holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from China s Changchun Taxation College in Changchun, Jilin Province, and a
master s degree in software engineering from Jilin University, also in Changchun. We believe Ms. Li s qualifications to
sit on our Board of Directors include her extensive education and investment banking experience. 

David
Green Director 

Mr. Green has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November
26, 2021. Mr. Green served as President and a member of the Board of Directors of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. from March 1996 until the spin-off
of Biostage on November 1, 2013, as Interim CEO of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. from May 2013 and August 2013, and remained a Director of
Harvard Bioscience, Inc. from the spin-off until 2017. Mr. Green served on the Board of Directors of Biostage until May 2016 and was the
founder and a former Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Biostage, Inc. Prior to joining Harvard Bioscience, Inc, Mr.
Green was a strategy consultant with Monitor Company, a strategy consulting company, in Cambridge, Massachusetts and Johannesburg, South
Africa from June 1991 until September 1995 and a brand manager for household products with Unilever PLC, a packaged consumer goods company,
in London from September 1985 to February 1989. Mr. Green was president and a director of the Harvard Business School Healthcare Alumni
Association. Mr. Green graduated from Oxford University with a B.A. Honors degree in physics and holds a M.B.A. degree with distinction
from Harvard Business School. 

The Board of Directors selected Mr. Green as a director because of his
twenty-years experience as president or Chief Executive Officer, and director, of NASDAQ-listed public companies as well as his founding
of Biostage and previous roles as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Biostage. We believe Mr. Green s qualifications to sit
on our Board of Directors include his executive leadership experience, his experience founding our regenerative medicine business, his significant operating and management expertise and the knowledge and understanding of our company
that he acquired throughout his service to our company following the spin-off
from Harvard Bioscience as well as his extensive years of service prior thereto as the President and director of Harvard Bioscience. 

Class
III Directors 

Jason
Jing Chen Vice Chairman 

Mr.
Chen has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 6, 2018. Mr. Chen is our Vice Chairman as well as a member of the Compensation Committee
and Chairman of the Governance Committee. Mr. Chen has served as Senior Vice President of Business
Development of Digitone Group, and Chief Executive Officer of its subsidiary DST Robotics Co Ltd. since October 2014. Prior to joining
Digitone, Mr. Chen worked for Formica, as the General Manager of its Greater China business, from December 2010 to October 2014. Mr.
Chen served as Vice President for Barco Great China and General Manager for the Security Monitoring Division China for
Barco, Inc., a global company that develops networked solutions for the entertainment, enterprise and healthcare markets, from March
2008 to November 2009. Prior to joining Barco, Mr. Chen was the General Manger of the China and Hong Kong region for Waters Corporation
from January 2005 to March 2008 where, among other managerial responsibilities, he was responsible for developing and implementing marketing
strategies to grow the Chinese market. Prior to his time at Waters Corporation, Mr. Chen held various managerial roles of increasing
importance at Hilti China. Mr. Chen began his career as an electrical engineer at Capital Iron Steel Co. Mr. Chen received his
MBA from Brigham Young University and has a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the North China University of Technology, Beijing, China.
We believe Mr. Chen s qualifications to sit on our Board of Directors include his broad expertise and leadership experience in
global commerce. 

53 

Herman
Sanchez 

Mr.
Sanchez has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 19, 2021 and is a member of the Audit Committee and Governance Committee. Mr. Sanchez
has been working in the life sciences industry for over 20 years in various positions including designing and running randomized
trial research, optimizing of clinical administration of health services, and working as a strategic consultant to the life sciences
industry. He is currently a Senior Partner helping run Trinity Life Sciences strategy consulting business. Mr. Sanchez joined
Trinity over a decade ago and has worked closely with clients to support strategic decision making across the product lifecycle. In
his work consulting for pharmaceutical/biotech and medical device companies he has covered several diseases/therapeutic areas
including oncology, rare and ultra-rare diseases, cell therapies, cardiovascular, diabetes, alcohol abuse/dependence, neurological,
orthopedic, and renal diseases. Mr. Sanchez has been published in peer-reviewed publications on various topics including renal
disease, patient epidemiology, medication adherence, suicidal ideation, minority patient recruiting, alcohol use/abuse and
depression/anxiety treatment. Mr. Sanchez, prior to working in the life sciences industry, earned an MBA from the Tuck School of
Business at Dartmouth College and an AB in Psychology from Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Sanchez s qualifications to
sit on our Board of Directors include his broad expertise and leadership experience in the life sciences industry, specifically in
relation to trial research, clinical matters and product strategy. 

INFORMATION
REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors held 26 meetings. Each of the Directors attended at least
75 of the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors and of the committees of which they were a member. The Board of Directors
encourages Directors to attend in person, or virtually if being conducted only virtually, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company,
or Special Meeting in lieu thereof, or, if unable to attend in person, to participate by other means, if practicable. In recognition
of this policy, the Board of Directors typically schedules a regular meeting of the Board of Directors to be held on the date of, and
immediately following, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All of the Directors in office at the time attended (virtually or telephonically)
the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 22, 2022. The non-employee Directors meet regularly in executive sessions outside
the presence of management. 

David
Green served as the Chairman of the Board as well as our Chief Executive
Officer until February 28, 2023. Jason Jing Chen serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board. Among other things, each of the Chairman and
Vice Chairman provides feedback to the Officers on executive sessions and facilitates discussion among the independent directors outside
of meetings of the Board of Directors. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of our Company and the
development and implementation of our Company s strategy. While our Board of Directors currently believes that separating the roles
of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman contributes to an efficient and effective board, such Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles
will be combined until the Board of Directors determines otherwise. Our Board of Directors does not have a current requirement that the
roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board be either combined or separated, because the Board currently believes it is
in the best interests of our Company to make this determination based on the position and direction of our Company and the constitution
of the Board and management team. From time to time, the Board will evaluate whether the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board should be combined or separated, including following any hiring of a Chief Executive Officer following the interim nature
of Mr. Green s role in such position. 

The
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Governance Committee. 

The
Board of Directors continuously evaluates the membership and role of each of the committees of the Board of Directors, as well as the
charters governing the same. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee currently consists of Dr. Shmerling and Mr. Sanchez. Dr.
Shmerling serves as the Chairman. The Audit Committee is comprised entirely of independent Directors and it operates under a Board-approved
charter that sets forth its duties and responsibilities. The Audit Committee met four times during 2022. 

54 

Under
its charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing
 with the independent registered public accounting firm and management the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls over financial
 reporting and related matters; 

reviewing
 and consulting with management and the independent registered public accounting firm on matters related to the annual audit, the
 annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures, earnings releases and related accounting principles, policies,
 practices and judgments; 

making
 a recommendation to the Board as to whether our audited financial statements should be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

appointing,
 retaining and terminating, and determining compensation of, the Company s independent auditors; 

assurance
 of the regular rotation of audit partners, including any lead and concurring partners, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; 

preparation
 of the Audit Committee report required to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

reporting
 matters that arise relating to quality or integrity of our financial statements, legal compliance, performance of the independent
 auditors and other matters, to the Board and reviewing such matters with the Board; and 

the
 oversight of the Company s independent auditors and the evaluation of the independent auditors qualifications, performance
 and independence, including performance of the lead audit partner, and reporting of such evaluation to the Board. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.
The Board and the Audit Committee discuss matters relating to risks that arise or may arise. 

The
Audit Committee is also responsible for, and has established policies and procedures with respect to, the pre-approval of all services
provided by the independent auditors. When assessing the independence of our auditors, the Audit Committee considers the independent
registered public accounting firm s provision of non-audit services to the Company. 

The
Audit Committee has also established procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment, on a confidential basis, of complaints received
by the Company. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, a current copy of which
is available on the Corporate Governance page in the Investor section of our website at www.biostage.com . 

With
respect to the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in accordance with SEC rules, audit partners are subject
to rotation requirements to limit the number of consecutive years an individual partner may provide service to our Company. For lead
and concurring audit partners, the maximum number of consecutive years of service in that capacity is five years. Our Audit Committee
is involved in the selection of the lead audit partner. The process for selection of our lead audit partner pursuant to this rotation
policy involves a meeting between the Chairman of the Audit Committee and the candidate for the role, as well as discussion by the full
Audit Committee and with management. 

The
Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as such term is currently
defined by NASDAQ rules (although we are not listed on the NASDAQ), meet the criteria for independence set forth under the rules of
the SEC, and are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr.
He and Dr. Shmerling each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the rules of the SEC. 

55 

The
Audit Committee Charter is available on the Corporate Governance page in the Investors section of our website at www.biostage.com .
Please note that the information contained on the Company website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee currently consists of Ms. Li, Mr. Chen and Dr. Shmerling, who serves as the Chairman. The
Compensation Committee is comprised entirely of independent Directors and it operates under a Board-approved charter that sets forth
its duties and responsibilities. In light of the authority of the Board of Directors as to compensation matters that existed during periods of 2022, the Compensation
Committee did not hold a formal meeting in 2022. 

The
Compensation Committee assists the Board with determining and overseeing the execution of our compensation philosophy and overseeing
the administration of our executive compensation programs. Its responsibilities also include assisting the Board with oversight as to
the Company s compensation and benefit plans and policies, retaining or terminating committee advisors, independence evaluation
of compensation advisors, administering its stock plans (including reviewing and approving equity grants) and reviewing and approving
annually all compensation decisions for the Company s executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer. 

Although
we are not listed on the NASDAQ, the Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Compensation Committee are independent 
as such term is currently defined by NASDAQ rules. 

The
Compensation Committee Charter is available on the Corporate Governance page in the Investors section of our website at www.biostage.com .
Please note that the information contained on the website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Governance
Committee 

The
current members of the Governance Committee are Mr. Sanchez and Mr. Chen, who serves as the Chairman. The Governance
Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors and it operates under a Board-approved charter that sets forth its duties
and responsibilities. In light of the authority of the Board of Directors as to governance matters that existed during periods of 2022, the Governance Committee did
not hold a formal meeting in 2022. 

Under
the terms of its charter, the Governance Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent
with criteria recommended by the Governance Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, and recommending that the Board of Directors
select the director nominees for election at each annual meeting of stockholders. Its responsibilities also include recommending to the
Board of Directors the criteria for membership on Board Committees. The Governance Committee is also responsible for reviewing all stockholder
nominations and proposals submitted to the Company, determining whether such nominations or proposals were timely submitted and assisting
the Board of Directors with such corporate governance matters as the Board of Directors may request. 

In
identifying and evaluating nominees for the Board of Directors, the Governance Committee may solicit recommendations from any or all
of the following sources: non-management Directors, including our Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers, third-party
search firms or any other source it deems appropriate. In addition, the Governance Committee has established a policy that it will review
and consider any Director candidates who have been recommended by securityholders in compliance with certain procedures established by
the Governance Committee. The procedures to be followed by securityholders in submitting such recommendations are described in the section
entitled Submission of Securityholder Recommendations for Director Candidates included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on
May 2, 2022. The Governance
Committee will review and evaluate the qualifications of any such proposed Director candidate and conduct inquiries it deems appropriate. 

56 

The
Governance Committee will evaluate all such proposed Director candidates, including those recommended by securityholders in compliance
with the procedures established by the Governance Committee, in the same manner, with no regard to the source of the initial recommendation
of such proposed Director candidate. When considering a potential candidate for membership on the Board of Directors, the Governance
Committee may consider, in addition to the minimum qualifications and other criteria for Board membership approved by the Board of Directors,
all facts and circumstances that the Governance Committee deems appropriate or advisable, including, among other things, the skills of
the proposed Director candidate, his or her availability, depth and breadth of business experience or other background characteristics,
his or her independence and the needs of the Board of Directors. At a minimum, each nominee must have high personal and professional
integrity, have demonstrated ability and judgment, and be effective, in conjunction with the other Directors and nominees, in collectively
serving the long-term interests of the stockholders. Although there is no specific policy regarding the consideration of diversity in
identifying director nominees, the Governance Committee may consider whether the nominee, if elected, assists in achieving a mix of Board
members that represents a diversity of background and experience. The Governance Committee also may consider whether the nominee has
direct experience in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and/or life sciences industries or in the markets in which the Company operates. 

Although
we are not listed on the NASDAQ, the Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Governance Committee are independent 
as such term is currently defined by NASDAQ rules. 

The
Governance Committee Charter is available on the Corporate Governance page in the Investor section of our website at www.biostage.com .
Please note that the information contained on the website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Risks
to the Company are discussed by the Board of Directors during the year. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of risks
we face, while the Board, as a whole and through its Committees, oversees risk management. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing
and discussing with management our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board of Directors and the Audit
Committee review and discuss, including with management, risks that arise or may arise, including in relation to legal, compliance and
cyber-security. For example, the Audit Committee discusses financial risk, including with respect to financial reporting and internal
controls, with management and our independent registered public accounting firm and the steps management has taken to minimize those
risks. Our Board of Directors also administers its risk oversight function through the required approval by the Board (or a Committee
of the Board) of significant transactions and other material decisions. 

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

The
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all Directors, officers and employees of our Company
and its subsidiaries including, without limitation, the Chairman of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer, the President, Interim
Vice President of Finance, Chief Scientific Officer, as well as any Chief Financial Officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
is available on the Corporate Governance page in the Investor section of our website at www.biostage.com . We intend to post any
amendments to or waivers from this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at this location on our website. Please note, however, that the information
contained on the website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

DELINQUENT
SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 

Our
executive officers, Directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our Common Stock are required under Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of those
reports must also be furnished to us. 

Based solely on a review of the
copies of the reports furnished to us, and written representations from certain reporting persons that no other reports were required,
we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, the reporting persons complied on a timely basis with all Section 16(a) filing
requirements applicable to them, except for (i) William Fodor and Hong Yu, whose Form 4 filings, reporting stock option grants in December
2021, were late, (ii) James Shmerling, David Green and DST Capital LLC, whose Form 4 filings, reporting securities acquired in a private
placement in May 2022, were late, and (iii) Junli (Jerry) He, whose Form 4 filing, reporting a sale of stock in December 2022, was late. 

57 

REPORT
OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in any of the Company s previous or future filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any future filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, in whole or in part, the following report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into
any such filing. 

The
undersigned members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company submit this report in connection with the committee s
review of the financial reports of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

1. 
 The Audit Committee
 has reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
 2022. 

2. 
 The Audit Committee has
 discussed with representatives of Marcum LLP the matters required to be discussed with them by applicable requirements of Public
 Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 16. 

3. 
 The Audit Committee has
 received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent accountant required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
 Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed
 with the independent accountant the independent accountant s independence. 

Based
on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial
statements be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Submitted
by the Audit Committee: 

James
Shmerling, DHA, FACHE, Chairman of the Audit Committee 

 Herman
Sanchez 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

We are smaller reporting company and as a result, we have elected to comply
with the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies in accordance with SEC rules. At the end of fiscal
year 2022, we had three named executive officers, being David Green, our then Interim Chief Executive Officer, Director, and Chairman,
Hong Yu, our President, and William Fodor, Ph.D., our Chief Scientific Officer. On August 8, 2022, the Company appointed Mr. Damasio as
the Chief Financial Officer, but in accordance with such reduced disclosure requirements, at the end of fiscal year 2022 Mr. Damasio was
not one of the two most highly compensated officers for fiscal year 2022. As such, disclosure of Mr. Damasio s compensation is not
included below. Effective as of March 1, 2023, we transitioned the role of Chief Executive Officer to Junli (Jerry) He, our existing director,
and Mr. Green remains on our Board of Directors. 

58 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers listed below for services rendered
in all capacities during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards (1) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 David Green 
 2022 
 35,568 

1,584 (2) 
 37,152 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 35,568 
 
 222,971 
 
 258,539 
 
 Hong Yu 
 2022 
 150,000 
 
 89,160 
 8,057 (3) 
 247,217 
 
 President 
 2021 
 150,000 
 
 222,827 
 7,950 (4) 
 380,777 
 
 William Fodor, PhD 
 2022 
 196,490 

11,359 (5) 
 207,849 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 
 2021 
 152,500 
 
 386,303 
 10,552 (6) 
 549,355 

(1) 
 Based
 on the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock
 Compensation , excluding the impact of estimated forfeitures. Assumptions used in the calculation of this amount are set forth
 under Share-Based Compensation in Note 15 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Amounts shown for
 Mr. Green do not include values attributable to performance-based options that have been not been earned due to the achievement of
 certain milestones. Assuming all of the milestones of such performance based options were achieved, the grant date fair value excluding
 the impact of estimated forfeitures of the related award would be 557,426. In May 2022, we also issued options Mr. Yu to acquire 22,089 shares of
common stock to satisfy sales commissions in the amount of 89,160 incurred in relation to this private placement. 

(2) 
 Amount
 represents 1,505 for matching contributions made by the Company to Mr. Green s tax-qualified 401(k) Savings Plan account and
 premiums in the amount of 79 for a life insurance policy. 

(3) 
 Amount
 represents 7,500 for matching contributions made by the Company to Mr. Yu s tax-qualified
 401(k) Savings Plan account and premiums in the amount of 557 for a life insurance policy. 

(4) 
 Amount
 represents 7,500 for matching contributions made by the Company to Mr. Yu s tax-qualified 401(k) Savings Plan account and
 premiums in the amount of 450 for a life insurance policy. 

(5) 
 Amount
 represents 9,824 for matching contributions made by the Company to Dr. Fodor s tax-qualified 401(k) Savings Plan account and
 premiums in the amount of 1,535 for a life insurance policy. 

(6) 
 Amount
 represents 8,651 for matching contributions made by the Company to Dr. Fodor s tax-qualified 401(k) Savings Plan account and
 premiums in the amount of 1,901 for a life insurance policy. 

Discussion
of Summary Compensation Table and Related Matters 

2022
Executive Compensation 

Salary
and Bonus 

In
2022, the Board of Directors reviewed the overall executive compensation of the Company s named executive officers. Based on a
variety of factors, with respect to the named executive officers, the Board of Directors elected to restore a portion of Dr.
Fodor s salary that was reduced in 2021. Effective May 15, 2022, Dr. Fodor s base salary increased to 228,750. 

Effective
February 15, 2021, to support short term initiatives regarding management of expenses, we and Dr. Fodor mutually agreed to a
temporary reduction of Dr. Fodor s base salary by fifty percent (50 to 152,500. 

59 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Green dated as of November 26, 2021 and effective as of November 26, 2021. Mr.
Green s employment agreement provided for an initial annual base salary of the minimum required by applicable law, being
 35,568, and is subject to annual review, provided that such base salary shall not be decreased without Mr. Green s consent. Such employment agreement has been amended and restated as discussed below. 

Long-Term
Equity Incentive Compensation 

In 2022, the Board of Directors did not make any grants of long-term equity incentive awards in the form of stock options to its named executive officers as part of its annual compensation assessment. As described above, Mr. Yu was awarded a fully vested stock option in May 2022 in relation to our private placement that closed in May 2022.

In
2021, the Board of Directors approved grants of long-term equity incentive awards in the form of stock options to executives as part
of our total compensation package. These awards included grants to Mr. Green in connection with his hiring as Interim Chief Executive
Officer, as well as Mr. Yu and Dr. Fodor. The long-term equity incentive awards were granted in an effort to achieve certain key objectives,
including (i) to attract and retain high performing and experienced executives, (ii) motivate and reward executives whose knowledge,
skills and performance are critical to our success, and (iii) to align the interests of our executives and our stockholders by providing
our executives with strong incentives to increase stockholder value and a significant reward for doing so. Our decisions regarding the
amount and type of long-term equity incentive compensation and relative weighting of these awards among total executive compensation
have also been based on our understanding of market practices of our peers and take into account additional factors such as level of
individual responsibility, experience and performance. The long-term incentive grants made to our named executive officers during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 are described in the table below. 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 Stock
 Option Awards 
 
 David Green 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 374,094 (1) 
 
 William Fodor, PhD 
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 196,103 (2) 
 
 Hong Yu 
 President 
 113,116 (2) 

(1) 
 Subject
 to continued employment or service through the applicable vesting dates, (i) commencing on December 26, 2021, up to 106,884 of these
 options vest monthly in twelve consecutive equal monthly installments on the 26 th day of each month through November 26,
 2022, and (ii) up to 267,210 shall vest in three increments, two for 80,163 shares each and the third for 106,884 shares, each such
 vesting subject to certain performance milestones set by our Board of Directors. 

(2) 
 Subject
 to continued employment or service through the applicable vesting dates, these options vest in four equal amounts on each of December 29, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. 

Historically,
when granted, the long-term equity incentive awards are granted in an effort to achieve certain key objectives, including (i) to attract
and retain high performing and experienced executives, (ii) motivate and reward executives whose knowledge, skills and performance are
critical to our success, and (iii) to align the interests of our executives and our stockholders by providing our executives with strong
incentives to increase stockholder value and a significant reward for doing so. Our decisions regarding the amount and type of long-term
equity incentive compensation and relative weighting of awards among total executive compensation are also historically based on our
understanding of market practices of our peers and take into account additional factors such as level of individual responsibility, experience
and performance. 

Retirement
and Other Benefits 

We
have established a 401(k) tax-deferred savings plan, which permits participants, including our named executive officers, to make
contributions by salary deduction pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We are responsible for administrative
costs of the 401(k) plan. We may, in our discretion, make matching contributions to the 401(k) plan. In addition, all full-time
employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in our health and welfare benefit programs, including medical
coverage, vision coverage, dental coverage, disability insurance, and life insurance. 

60 

Employment
Agreements 

David
Green, our Director and former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

The
Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Green dated as of January 11, 2023, which amended and
restated his employment agreement with the Company dated November 26, 2021. Mr. Green s employment agreement was effective
until terminated by the Company or the Mr. Green upon written notice. Following an amendment to such amended and restated employment
agreement effective as of January 25, 2023, Mr. Green s initial annual base salary of 300,000 was reduced to the minimum
required by applicable law, being 35,568, and is subject to annual review, provided that such base salary shall not be decreased
without Mr. Green s consent. In lieu of such cash reduction for such next year, Mr.
Green was granted a nonqualified stock option to purchase a share amount determined based on Black-Scholes value of the salary
difference, being 264,432, which subject to continued employment, would vest monthly on each monthly
anniversary of January 25, 2023 for twelve months following the Grant Date. 

Pursuant
to and in connection with such amended and restated employment agreement,
in addition and in lieu of additional cash salary, on February 28, 2023 (the Grant Date), Mr. Green received a nonqualified stock option
to purchase a share amount determined based on Black-Scholes value of 200,000 as of the Grant Date, which subject to continued employment,
would vest monthly on each monthly anniversary of the Grant Date for twelve months following the Grant Date, with the first vesting to
be in an amount equal to 1/4 of the aggregate share amount and then the remaining amount to vest in eleven substantially equal amounts
thereafter. 

Mr.
Green was also eligible to receive cash incentive compensation on an annual basis of up to a one hundred percent (100 of his base salary
upon meeting objectives as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or the Compensation Committee thereof. 

In
addition, on the Grant Date, Mr. Green received the following: (I) as additional
compensation in recognition of past performance, a nonqualified stock option to purchase a share amount determined based on Black-Scholes
value of 200,000 as of the Grant Date, which such option was fully vested as of the Grant Date, and (II) as a long term incentive grant,
a nonqualified stock option to purchase shares of Common Stock (the LTI Grant) in a share amount equal to six percent (6 of the then
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as of the Grant Date, which subject to continued employment, would vest monthly in thirty-six
substantially equal monthly installments on each monthly anniversary of the Grant Date. 

Mr.
Green was also eligible to receive incentive compensation and employee benefit plans, including without limitation stock option
plans, stock purchase plans and other employee benefit plans, as determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee. 

As discussed below under Potential Payments upon Termination
and Change in Control Benefits, effective as of March 1, 2023, we transitioned the role of Chief Executive Officer to Junli
(Jerry) He, our existing director, and Mr. Green remains on our Board of Directors. 

William
Fodor, Ph.D., our Chief Scientific Officer 

On
July 2, 2018, William Fodor, Ph.D., our Chief Scientific Officer became an employee of the Company. The employment commenced in
accordance with an offer letter executed as of June 4, 2018. Dr. Fodor is an at-will employee and his offer letter provides for an
annual base salary in the amount of three hundred five thousand dollars 305,000), which effective February 15, 2021, to support
short term initiatives regarding management of expenses, was temporarily reduced by fifty percent (50 to 152,500. Effective May 15,
2022, Dr. Fodor s base salary increased to 228,750. Dr. Fodor is eligible to participate in all of our employee benefit
plans, including without limitation, our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, retirement plans, stock purchase plans and
medical insurance plans. 

Hong
Yu, our President 

Effective
as of May 29, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Hong Yu as President of the Company. Prior to being elected President
of the Company, Mr. Yu assisted the Company with strategic activities, including capital raising, and also assisted the Company s
lead investor, DST Capital, LLC, with respect to board, management and governance matters pertaining to the Company. Mr. Yu s employment
commenced in accordance with an offer letter executed as of May 16, 2018. Mr. Yu is an at-will employee and his offer letter provides
for an annual base salary in the amount of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars 150,000). Mr. Yu is eligible to participate in all
of our employee benefit plans, including without limitation, our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, retirement plans, stock
purchase plans and medical insurance plans. 

Potential
Payments upon Termination and Change in Control Benefits 

In
accordance with our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, the outstanding options thereunder, including those held
by our Named Executive Officers, upon the consummation of a Sale Event or Change of Control, which are defined in the Plan, all such
options shall then become fully vested and exercisable. 

61 

Effective as of March 1, 2023, we transitioned the role of Chief Executive
Officer to Junli (Jerry) He, our existing director, and Mr. Green remains on our Board of Directors. Such transition was treated as a
termination without cause in connection with the hiring of a replacement Chief Executive Officer under Mr. Green s amended and restated
employment agreement. In connection with such transition, Mr. Green received accrued and unpaid base salary through the date of his termination,
and following his execution of the required release, the remaining unvested portion of the LTI Grant that would have vested within the
twelve (12) months following the Grant Date accelerated and become fully vested. The unvested portions of his other stock option grants
described above were forfeited as of such transition.

REPORT
OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 

Under
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, as a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to provide a report of the Compensation
Committee. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

We
use a combination of cash and stock-based incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our Board of
Directors. In setting director compensation, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee consider the significant amount of
time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as well as the skill-level required by the Company of members of
the Board of Directors. 

Directors
who are also employees of the Company receive no additional compensation for service as a director. 

Our
Board of Directors has approved the following compensation arrangements for our non-employee directors: 

Initial
 grant of stock options with a value of 25,000 at the grant date to vest in full in equity quarterly increments over a period of
 one year from the grant date. 

Annual
 compensation to consist of a grant of stock options, in lieu of cash fees,
with a value of 20,000 at the date of grant, with all such awards to vest in full in quarterly increments over a period of one year following
the grant date and a grant of stock options with a value of 25,000 at the grant date, where the grant date shall be the fifth business
day following the Corporation s annual stockholders meeting, with all such awards to vest in full in quarterly increments over a
period of one year from the grant date. 

In
 addition, all non-employee directors shall be reimbursed for their expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and Committee
 meetings. 

62 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table presents the compensation provided by us to the non-employee directors who served during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Fees 

earned or 
 Option 

paid 
 awards 

Name 
 in
 cash 
 (1)
 (2) 
 Total 
 
 Jason Jing
 Chen 
 
 44,996 
 44,996 
 
 Junli (Jerry) He 
 
 44,996 
 44,996 
 
 Ting Li 
 
 44,996 
 44,996 
 
 Herman Sanchez 
 
 44,996 
 44,996 
 
 James Shmerling, DHA, FACHE 
 
 44,996 
 44,996 

(1) 
 Based
 on the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock
 Compensation . Assumptions used in the calculation of this amount are included under Share-Based Compensation in Note 15 to
 our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 The
 aggregate number of option awards outstanding and held by each non-employee director at our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were
 110,535 for Mr. Chen, 37,692 for Mr. He, 104,251 for Ms. Li, 102,981 for Dr. Shmerling, and 68,205 for Mr. Sanchez. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 2022 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the number and value of exercisable and unexercisable options to purchase Common Stock,
and the number of restricted stock units held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Restricted 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Units 

Number of 
 Number of 

Securities 
 Securities 

Number of 

Underlying 
 Underlying 
 Option 
 
 Securities 

Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Exercise 
 Option 
 Underlying 

Options (#) 
 Options (#) 
 Price 
 Expiration 
 Restricted 

Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 ) 
 Date 
 Stock Units 
 
 David Green 
 106,884 
 (1) 
 2.40 
 11/26/2031 

267,210 (2) 
 2.40 
 11/26/2031 

36,281 
 (3) 
 85.80 
 11/18/2023 

William Fodor, Ph.D 
 98,052 
 98,051 (4) 
 2.30 
 12/29/2031 

104,643 
 (5) 
 2.72 
 5/29/2028 

20,929 
 83,714 (6) 
 2.72 
 5/29/2028 

Hong Yu 
 22,089 
 (7) 
 4.71 
 5/18/2032 

56,558 
 56,558 (4) 
 2.30 
 12/29/2031 

104,643 
 (5) 
 2.72 
 5/29/2028 

20,929 
 83,714 (6) 
 2.72 
 5/29/2028 

(1) 
 The
 option was granted on November 26, 2021 and is fully vested, as it vested twelve consecutive equal monthly installments on the 26 th 
 day of each month through November 26, 2022. 

(2) 
 The
 option was granted on November 26, 2021 and, assuming continued employment or service with our Company, the unvested shares shall
 vest and become exercisable in three increments, two for 80,163 shares each and the third for 106,884 shares, based to the achievement
 of certain milestone targets determined by our Board of Directors. 

(3) 
 The
 options are fully vested according to a separation agreement in 2015. The options that were already vested prior to such resignation
 would be exercisable until the respective scheduled expiration date of such options. 

(4) 
 The
 option was granted on December 29, 2021 and, assuming continued employment with our Company, the unvested shares become exercisable
 in equal installments on December 29 th of each of 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. 

(5) 
 The
 option was granted on May 29, 2018 and, assuming continued employment with our Company, the unvested shares became exercisable in
 equal installments on December 31 st of each of 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

(6) 
 The
 option was granted on May 29, 2018 and, assuming continued employment with our Company, the unvested shares become exercisable based
 to the achievement of certain milestone targets determined by our Board of Directors. 

(7) 
 The options are fully vested in satisfaction of sales commissions incurred in relation to the May 2022 private placement. 

63 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Our
Common Stock is currently our only class of voting securities issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of all classes of our voting securities as of March 6, 2023 by: (i) all persons known by us to
own beneficially more than 5 of our voting securities; (ii) each of our directors and nominee for Director; (iii) each of our named
executive officers; and (iv) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

The
number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is determined under rules issued by the SEC and includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual
or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power and includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has the
right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after March 6, 2023 through the exercise of any warrant, stock option or other
right. The inclusion of such shares, however, does not constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect
beneficial owner of such shares. Common stock subject to options currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days after March
6, 2023, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those options, but are
not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

64 

Unless
otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to their
shares of Common Stock, except to the extent spouses share authority under community property laws. 

Common Stock 

Beneficially Owned 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Shares 
 Percent (2) 

Greater than 5 Holder 

DST Capital LLC 
 4,023,186 
 32.1 (3) 
 
 An Zhang 
 1,153,379 
 9.2 (4) 
 
 Du Ziaoyu 
 750,000 
 6.1 (5) 
 
 Harvard Bioscience 
 679,730 
 5.3 (6) 

Named Executive Officers 

Junli (Jerry) He (current CEO) 
 271,267 
 2.2 (7) 
 
 David Green (former CEO, current director) 
 658,846 
 5.2 (8) 
 
 Hong Yu 
 471,198 
 3.8 (9) 
 
 William Fodor, Ph.D 
 223,624 
 1.8 (10) 

Non-employee Directors 

Jason Jing Chen 
 270,443 
 2.2 (11) 
 
 Ting Li 
 102,691 
 (12) 
 
 Herman Sanchez 
 66,645 
 (13) 
 
 James Shmerling, DHA FACHE 
 126,759 
 1.0 (14) 

All current executive officers and directors, as a group (8 persons) 
 2,191,473 
 16.2 (15) 

Represents
 less than 1 of all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (as calculated in accordance with footnote (2) below). 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the address for all persons shown is c/o Biostage, Inc., 84 October Hill Road, Suite 11, Holliston, Massachusetts
 01746-1371. 

(2) 
 Based
 on 12,206,400 shares of Common Stock outstanding on March 6, 2023, together with the applicable options and warrants held by the
 respective stockholder in the table above that become exercisable within 60 days. 

(3) 
 This
 information is based in part upon a Schedule 13D (Amendment No. 9) filed jointly by DST Capital LLC DST Capital ),
 and Bin Zhao reporting beneficial ownership as of September 1, 2021. Consists of 3,694,047 shares of Common Stock. 

(4) 
 This
 information is based upon a Schedule 13G/A filed by An Zhang on February 16, 2023 reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31,
 2022. 

(5) 
 This
 information is based upon a Schedule 13D filed by Du Xiaoyu reporting beneficial ownership as of May 29, 2018. 

(6) 
 This
 information is based in part upon a Schedule 13G filed by Harvard Bioscience, Inc. reporting beneficial ownership as of June 21,
 2022 and 180 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock issued as dividends through December 31, 2022. The shares included assume
 an optional conversion in accordance with the applicable terms of the certificate of designation of the Series E Preferred Stock
 held by Harvard Bioscience, Inc. as of March 6, 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes
 235,135 shares of Common Stock and options to acquire 36,132 shares of Common Stock exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023.

(8) 
 Includes
 175,329 shares of Common Stock, warrants to purchase up to 67,905 shares of Common Stock, as well as options to acquire 415,612 shares
 of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

(9) 
 Includes
 266,979 shares of Common Stock as well as options to acquire 204,219 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of
 March 6, 2023. 

(10) 
 Includes
 options to acquire 223,624 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

(11) 
 Includes
 161,468 shares of Common Stock, and options to acquire 108,975 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March
 6, 2023. 

(12) 
 Includes
 options to acquire 102,691 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

(13) 
 Includes
 options to acquire 66,645 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

(14) 
 Includes
 16,892 shares of Common Stock, warrants to purchase up to 8,446 shares of Common Stock, as well as options to acquire 101,421 shares
 of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

(15) 
 Includes
 855,803 shares of Common Stock, warrants to purchase up to 76,351 shares of Common Stock, as well as options to acquire 1,259,319
 shares of Common Stock that are exercisable within 60 days of March 6, 2023. 

65 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 concerning the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under our existing
equity compensation plans. 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Restricted Stock Units, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders (1) 
 2,516,924 
 3.95 
 2,563,355
 (2) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security
 holders 

Total 
 2,516,924 
 3.95 
 2,563,355 

(1) 
 Consists
 of our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan and our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

(2) 
 Includes
 2,560,389 shares available for future issuance under our Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan and 2,966 shares available for
 future issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
Audit Committee charter sets forth the standards, policies and procedures that we follow for the review, approval or ratification of
any related person transaction that we are required to report pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Under the Audit Committee charter, which is in writing, the Audit Committee must conduct an appropriate review
of these related person transactions on an ongoing basis, and the approval of the Audit Committee is required for all such transactions.
The Audit Committee relies on management to identify related person transactions and bring them to the attention of the Audit Committee. 

During
the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years, we were not a participant in any related person transactions that required disclosure under this heading. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Our
independent public accounting firm is Marcum LLP, Boston, Massachusetts, PCAOB Auditor ID . Our predecessor independent public accounting
firm was Wei, Wei Co., LLP, Flushing, New York, PCAOB Auditor ID . 

The
following table provides a summary of fees for professional services provided by Marcum LLP, our current independent registered
public accounting firm, Wei, Wei Co., and RSM US, LLP, our former
independent registered public accounting firms, during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in each of the following
categories as set forth in the table below. 

2022 
 2021 
 Total 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 213,849 
 124,100 
 337,949 
 
 Audit-related Fees (2) 
 173,440 
 
 173,440 
 
 Tax
 Fees (3) 
 15,000 
 34,920 
 49,920 
 
 Total
 Fees 
 402,289 
 159,020 
 561,309 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees for both 2022 and 2021 included fees associated with the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements and the reviews
 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

(2) 
 Audit-related Fees for RSM, Wei, Wei Co., LLP and Marcum LLP for 2022 included fees relating to the filing of a Registration Statement on
Form S-1 and auditor transition. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees included domestic and international tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

None. 

All
of the services performed in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. It is
the Audit Committee s policy to pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided to us by the independent
registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee s authority to pre-approve non-audit services may be delegated to one or
more members of the Audit Committee, who shall present all decisions to pre-approve an activity to the full Audit Committee at its first
meeting following such decision. The Audit Committee has delegated this pre-approval authority to its Chairman for non-audit services
with aggregate fees of 10,000 or less. In addition, the Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of the non-audit services
above is compatible with maintaining the independent registered public accounting firm s independence. 

66 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 Documents
 Filed. The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of Biostage, Inc. and its subsidiaries filed under this Item 15: 

Page 
 
 Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 
 
 Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: None. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information is included in our
consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3)
Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) 
 Exhibits:
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(c) 
 Separate
 Financial Statements and Schedules: None. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information is included
 in our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

67 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 BIOSTAGE,
INC. 

Page 
 
 Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Biostage,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Biostage, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of
December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows
for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 1, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit, uses cash flows in
its operations, and will require additional financing to continue to fund its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Share-Based
Compensation Performance-Based Awards 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has 510,742 unvested performance-based options outstanding
for which there is unrecognized compensation expense of approximately 1.3 million at December 31, 2022. No expense has been recognized
for these unvested awards as of December 31, 2022 given that the milestone achievements for these awards have not yet been deemed probable
for accounting purposes. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures all stock options and
restricted stock awards granted to employees, directors and non-employees based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes
compensation expense of those awards, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite vesting period. Expense on share-based awards
for which vesting is performance or milestone based is recognized on a straight-line basis from the date when it is determined that the
achievement of the milestone is probable to the vesting/milestone achievement date. 

We
identified the Company s expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based vesting provisions as a critical
audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination that the expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based
vesting provision awards is a critical audit matter are the assumptions and risk of bias related to the conclusion of the probability
of achievement of the performance conditions impacting vesting of the awards, or more specifically, the achievement of the business milestones,
as defined in the grant agreements. Auditing management s assumptions regarding the probability of achievement of the business
milestones defined in the grant agreements was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
identified the Company s expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based vesting provisions as a critical
audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination that the expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based
vesting provision awards is a critical audit matter are the assumptions and risk of bias related to the conclusion of the probability
of achievement of the performance conditions impacting vesting of the awards, or more specifically, the achievement of the business milestones,
as defined in the grant agreements. Auditing management s assumptions regarding the probability of achievement of the business
milestones defined in the grant agreements was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort. 

Our
audit procedures related to the expense recognition of share-based awards that contain performance-based vesting provisions included
the following, among others, (i) obtaining and analyzing the grant agreements for outstanding share-based awards with performance-based
vesting provisions, (ii) recalculated the total outstanding share-based awards with performance-based vesting provisions at year-end
based upon cumulative grants, net of cumulative forfeitures, and (iii) discussed with management and evaluated their conclusions reached
on the probability of achievement of the business milestones within the performance based awards by assessing the Company s liquidity
requirements needed to fund the achievement of the milestones outlined in the grant agreements and reviewed the Company s public
press releases through the issuance date of these financials. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March
30, 2023 

(PCAOB ID # 688) 

F- 3 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and the Board of Directors of 

 Biostage,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Biostage, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the
related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flow for the year then ended, and the
related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis
of Matter Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit,
uses cash flows in its operations, and will require additional financing to continue to fund its operations. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters also are
described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 4 

Share-based
Compensation Performance-Based Awards 

As
described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has 510,742 unvested performance-based options outstanding
for which there is unrecognized compensation expense of approximately 1.3 million at December 31, 2021. No expense has been recognized
for these unvested awards as of December 31, 2021 given that the milestone achievements for these awards have not yet been deemed probable
for accounting purposes. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures all stock options and
restricted stock awards granted to employees, directors and non-employees based on the fair value on the date of the grant and recognizes
compensation expense of those awards, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite vesting period. Expense on share-based awards
for which vesting is performance or milestone based is recognized on a straight-line basis from the date when it is determined that the
achievement of the milestone is probable to the vesting/milestone achievement date. 

We
identified the Company s expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based vesting provisions as a critical
audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination that the expense recognition for share-based awards that contain performance-based
vesting provision awards is a critical audit matter are the assumptions and risk of bias related to the conclusion of the probability
of achievement of the performance conditions impacting vesting of the awards, or more specifically, the achievement of the business milestones,
as defined in the grant agreements. Auditing management s assumptions regarding the probability of achievement of the business
milestones defined in the grant agreements was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort. 

Our
audit procedures related to the expense recognition of share-based awards that contain performance-based vesting provisions included
the following, among others: 

We
 obtained and read the grant agreements for all outstanding share-based awards with performance-based vesting provisions, 

We
 recalculated the total outstanding share-based awards with performance-based vesting provisions at year-end based upon cumulative
 grants, net of cumulative forfeitures, and 

We
 discussed with management and evaluated their conclusions ed on the probability of achievement of the business milestones within
 the performance-based awards by assessing the Company s liquidity requirements needed to fund the achievement of the milestones
 outlined in the grant agreements and reviewed the Company s public press releases through the issuance date below. 

/s/

We
served as the Company s auditor during 2021. 

March
31, 2022 

F- 5 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 In
thousands, except share and par value data 

December 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid research and development 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment,
 net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred
 financing costs 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current
 liabilities 

Accrual for contingency
 matter 

Warrant liability 

Current
 portion of operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series E convertible preferred stock, 
 par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value
 per share, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total stockholders 
 deficit 

Total liabilities and
 stockholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and
 development 

General
 and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income, net: 

Forgiveness of notes payable 

Sublease income 

Grant income 

Change in fair value of
 warrant liability 

Other
 (expense) income, net 

Total other income,
 net 

Net loss 

Less: preferred stock
 dividends 

Net loss attributable
 to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net
 loss per share 

Weighted average common shares, basic
 and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 (In
thousands, except share data) 

Series
 E Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Number
 of Common Shares Outstanding 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock
 and warrants to purchase common stock 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of series E convertible preferred
 stock 

Preferred stock dividends 

Issuance of common stock and warrants to purchase
 common stock 

Issuance of common stock
 from exercise of warrants 

Balance at December
 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Forgiveness of notes payable 

Share-based compensation
 expense 

Depreciation 

Change in fair value of
 warrant liability 

Deferred financing costs 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Grant receivable 

Prepaid research and development 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current
 liabilities 

Accrual
 for contingency matter 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property,
 plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common stock and warrants 

Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted
 cash 

Cash and restricted
 cash at the beginning of the year 

Cash and restricted
 cash at the end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: 

Settlement
 of contingency matter 

Settlement
 of due to Harvard Bioscience included in accrued and other current liabilities 

Issuance of Series E
 convertible preferred stock 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Increase
 of right-of-use asset and liability due to lease extension 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

BIOSTAGE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million of cash, into Biostage, or the Separation.
On November 1, 2013, the spin-off of the Company from Harvard Bioscience was completed. On that date, the Company became an independent
company that operates the regenerative medicine business previously owned by Harvard Bioscience. The spin-off was completed through the
distribution to Harvard Bioscience stockholders of all the shares of common stock of Biostage, or the Distribution. As of December 31,
2022, Harvard Bioscience owned 
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at a price
of 
 per share. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements reflect the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company has incurred substantial operating losses since its inception, and as of December 31, 2022 had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 million and will require additional financing to fund future operations. The Company expects that its operating cash on-hand as
of December 31, 2022 of approximately million will enable it to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements
only into the second quarter of 2023. Therefore, these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company will need to raise additional funds to fund its operations. In the event the Company does not raise additional capital from outside
sources before or during the second quarter of 2023, it may be forced to curtail or cease its operations. Cash requirements and cash
resource needs will vary significantly depending upon the timing of the financial and other resource needs that will be required to complete
ongoing development, pre-clinical and clinical testing of product candidates, as well as regulatory efforts and collaborative arrangements
necessary for the Company s product candidates that are currently under development. The Company is currently seeking and will
continue to seek financings from other existing and/or new investors to raise necessary funds through a combination of public or private
equity offerings. The Company may also pursue debt financings, other financing mechanisms, research grants, or strategic collaborations
and licensing arrangements. The Company may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. 

The
Company s operations will be adversely affected if it is unable to raise or obtain needed funding and may materially affect the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern and therefore, the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amount and classifications of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

business segment and does not have significant costs or assets outside the U.S. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted
 cash as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

Restricted
cash consisted of approximately held as collateral for the Company s credit card program as of December 31, 2021. During
2022, we cancelled our corporate credit card and liquidated our money market account that was held as collateral for our corporate credit
card. The Company s consolidated statements of cash flows include restricted cash with cash when reconciling the beginning-of-period
and end-of-period total amounts shown on such statements. 

or lease term 
 
 Furniture,
 machinery and equipment, computer equipment and software 
 
 - 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, while any additions or improvements are capitalized. 

such impairment charges have been recorded. 

. Unvested restricted
stock units and vested and unvested stock options are forfeited in the event of termination of employment. 

A
valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Accordingly, the Company provides a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount that is expected
to be realized. 

Tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns are required to be evaluated to determine
whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not
deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax expense in the current year. 

When
necessary, the Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. 

. The Company does not
believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. 

million of qualified research and development costs which was received
and recognized as grant income during 2018. 

On
October 26, 2018, the Company was awarded the Phase II Fast-Track SBIR grant from the Eunice Kennedy NICHD grant aggregating million
to support development, testing, and translation to the clinic through September 2019 and represented years one and two of the Phase
II portion of the award. On August 3, 2020, the Company was awarded a third year of the Phase II grant totaling million for support
of development, testing, and translation to the clinic covering qualified expenses incurred from October 1, 2019 through September 30,
2020. In September of 2020, the Company filed and was granted a , -cost extension for the Phase II grant period extending through
September 30, 2021. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately 
and 
of grant income, respectively, from Phase II of the SBIR grant. The aggregate SBIR grant provided a total award of 
million, of which, approximately 
million had been recognized through December 31, 2022. 

The
Phase II portion of the award expired effective September 30, 2021. 

million, pursuant to the
Paycheck Protection Program, established as part of the CARES Act. Such loan was evidenced by a promissory note dated May 4, 2020 issued
by the Company and accrued interest at a fixed interest rate of per annum from the funding date of May 4, 2020. On December 18, 2020,
the Company submitted the loan forgiveness application for the entire borrowings of approximately million to the lender and was
notified on January 7, 2021 that the application was submitted to the Small Business Administration, or SBA, for review. On May 23, 2021,
the Company was notified that the SBA determined that the application for loan forgiveness was approved, and that the SBA remitted the
forgiven amount to the Lender. Payments of principal and interest were deferred since the funding under the original terms of the promissory
note and all such amounts were forgiven. 

The
Company has accounted for the loan under FASB ASC 470, Debt . As such, the Notes Payable and applicable accrued interest have been
recorded as forgiveness of the Notes Payable resulting in a gain of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Warrant
 liability 

Total 

There
were transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Insurance 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Furniture, machinery and equipment 

Computer equipment and
 software 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and
 equipment, net 

The
Company determined that there were fully depreciated fixed assets no longer in use and the company therefore wrote off million
of those assets as of December 31, 2022. Depreciation expense amounted to approximately 
and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Advisory costs 

Audit services 

Payroll 

Other 

Total expenses 

warrants were initially
recorded at fair value and subsequently re-measured each reporting period. The changes in the fair value between issuance and the end
of each reporting period is recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 

During
2017, the holders of warrants agreed to a modification of the term which removed the cash put provision. The remaining 
warrants continued to be re-measured at each reporting period as long as they were outstanding and un-modified. In February 2022,
the remaining warrants expired unexercised. 

The
Company had re-measured the liability for the remaining outstanding warrants to their estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Exercise Price 

Market value of common stock 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the Company s warrant liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Change in fair value upon re-measurement 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value upon re-measurement 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

synthetic trachea scaffold and bioreactors, provided by certain of the named defendants and utilized in connection
with surgeries performed by third parties in Europe in 2012 and 2013. This lawsuit relates to the Company s first-generation trachea
scaffold technology for which the Company discontinued development in 2014, and not to the Company s current esophageal
implant. 

On
April 27, 2022, the Company and HBIO executed a settlement with the plaintiffs (the Settlement ), which resolves all claims
relating to the litigation. The Settlement resulted in the dismissal with prejudice of the wrongful death claim, and neither we nor HBIO
admitted any fault or liability in connection with the claim. The Settlement also resolved any and all claims by and between the parties
and our products liability insurance carriers, which resulted in the dismissal with prejudice of all claims asserted by or against those
carriers, the Company and HBIO. However, based on review of the circumstances surrounding the Settlement, the Company recorded an accrual for
this matter of approximately million in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
relation to the litigation, the Company has incurred approximately million
of aggregate costs, of which 
has been paid as of December 31, 2022. This aggregate amount includes the cost of both the accrual for contingency matter of
approximately 
million and approximately 
million of legal and related costs incurred by us which consist of attorney s fees and advisor and specialist costs as part of
our defense in this matter. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred legal and related costs of approximately 
million recorded in general and administrative expenses. On March 3, 2022, the Company received a cash payment of approximately 
million from Medmarc, our insurance carrier. This amount represented a reimbursement of previously incurred legal costs and was
recorded as a reduction to general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

With
respect to such million of costs described above, the Company was required to either pay such costs directly or indemnify HBIO as to such
amounts it incurs. Of such amounts, the Company anticipated that HBIO would pay an aggregate amount of million by the end of the second quarter
of 2022. With respect to the indemnification obligation of the Company to HBIO pertaining to such costs, the Company and HBIO entered into a Preferred
Issuance Agreement dated as of April 27, 2022, or the PIA . In connection with the PIA, the Company and HBIO agreed that once HBIO
had paid at least million in such costs, to satisfy our indemnification obligations with respect thereto, in lieu of paying cash,
the Company would issue senior convertible preferred stock to HBIO that will contain terms as described in the PIA, including the term sheet attached
thereto. On June 10, 2022, following the execution of a subscription agreement and HBIO providing evidence of payment of the requisite
 million amount, the Company issued HBIO shares of Series E Preferred Stock at a price of per share to satisfy our related indemnification
obligations aggregating million, which included the accrual for contingency of approximately million and approximately 
million of legal and related costs paid on behalf of the Company by HBIO. 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than
the above matter, there are no such matters pending that the Company expects to be material in relation to its business, financial condition,
and results of operations or cash flows. 

year to years. 

The
laboratory and office arrangement is under a sublease that was renewed in December of 2022 and currently extends through May 31, 2024. 

Liabilities: 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 
 Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

Cash
paid for leases included in cash used in operating activities in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows during
each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 amounted to approximately . 

Discount rate 

General and administrative 

Total 

2024 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of
 operating lease liabilities 

and the effective tax rate is as follows: 

State income tax benefit, net of federal income
 tax benefit 

Permanent items, primarily change in fair value
 of warrants and non-deductible share-based compensation 

Tax credits 

Stock-option cancellations 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Total income taxes 

Capitalized research and
 development 

Stock-based compensation 

Accrual for contingency
 matter 

Lease liabilities 

Excess
 book over tax depreciation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability: 

Operating
 lease assets 

Total deferred tax liability 

Deferred
 Tax Net 

The
Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, because the
Company s management believes that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance increased
by approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of
operating losses generated with no corresponding financial statement benefit. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of approximately million to offset future
federal taxable income and state NOLs of approximately million to offset future state taxable income. The federal and state NOLs
generated for annual periods prior to January 1, 2019 begin to expire in 2034. The Company s federal NOL generated for the years
ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022, which amount to million, can be carried forward indefinitely, however, are limited
to be utilized to offset 80 of taxable income in each successive year. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also has federal and state
tax research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, to offset future income
taxes. The federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2034 and 2030, respectively. 

Under
the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment
by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual
limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period
in excess of 50 , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar state provisions.
This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount
of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership
changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has recently completed several equity financings transactions
which have either individually or cumulatively resulted in a change in control as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue
Code or could result in a change in control in the future. The Company does not believe the impact of any limitation on the use of its
net operating loss or credit carryforwards will have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements since
the Company has a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding future taxable income
for the foreseeable future. 

For
all years through December 31, 2022, the Company generated research credits but has not conducted a study to document the qualified activities.
This study may result in an adjustment to the Company s research and development credit carryforwards; however, until a study is
completed, and any adjustment is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. A full valuation allowance has been
provided against the Company s research and development credits and, if an adjustment is required, this adjustment would be offset
by an adjustment to the deferred tax asset established for the research and development credit carryforwards and the valuation allowance. 

Harvard
Bioscience received a Supplemental Ruling to the Private Letter Ruling dated March 22, 2013 from the IRS to the effect that, among other
things, the Separation and Distribution by Harvard Bioscience will qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for U.S. federal income
tax purposes under Section 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code continuing in effect. The private letter and supplemental
rulings and the tax opinion that Harvard Bioscience received from legal counsel to Harvard Bioscience rely on certain representations,
assumptions and undertakings, including those relating to the past and future conduct of the Biostage business, and neither the private
letter and supplemental rulings nor the opinion would be valid if such representations, assumptions and undertakings were incorrect.
Moreover, the private letter and supplemental rulings do not address all the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Distribution
will qualify for tax-free treatment. Notwithstanding the private letter and supplemental rulings and opinion, the IRS could determine
the Distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes if, among other reasons, it determines
any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included in the request for the private letter and supplemental rulings
are false or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the IRS ruling. 

To
preserve the tax-free treatment to Harvard Bioscience of the Separation and Distribution, for the two-year period following the Distribution,
which such period ended November 1, 2015, the Company was limited, except in specified circumstances, from entering into certain transactions
pursuant to which all or a portion of the Company s stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise; issuing equity securities
beyond certain thresholds; repurchasing the Company s common stock; and ceasing to actively conduct the Company s regenerative
medicine business. In addition, at all times, including during and following such two-year period, the Company may not take or fail to
take any other action that prevents the Separation and Distribution and related transactions from being tax-free. 

If
the Distribution fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, in general, Harvard Bioscience would be subject to tax as if it had sold the
Company s common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and Harvard Bioscience stockholders who received shares of
Biostage common stock in the Distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable Distribution equal to the fair market
value of such shares. 

Under
the tax sharing agreement between Harvard Bioscience and the Company, the Company would generally be required to indemnify Harvard Bioscience
against any tax resulting from the Distribution to the extent that such tax resulted from (i) an acquisition of all or a portion of the
Company s stock or assets, whether by merger or otherwise, (ii) other actions or failures to act by the Company, or (iii) any of
the Company s representations or undertakings being incorrect or violated. The Company s indemnification obligations to Harvard
Bioscience and its subsidiaries, officers and directors are not limited by any maximum amount. If the Company is required to indemnify
Harvard Bioscience or such other persons under the circumstances set forth in the tax sharing agreement, the Company may be subject to
substantial liabilities. 

All
deferred tax assets prior to the Separation remained with Harvard Bioscience. 

The
Company has determined that any uncertain tax positions would have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the
Company and there are unrecognized tax benefits or related interest and penalties accrued for the period for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax and Massachusetts state income tax. The statute of limitations for assessment by the IRS
and state tax authorities is open for all periods from inception through December 31, 2021; currently, no federal or state income tax
returns are under examination by the respective taxing authorities. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES, Act was signed into law making several changes to the Internal
Revenue Code. The changes include but are not limited to increasing the limitation on the amount of deductible interest expense, allowing
companies to carryback certain net operating losses, and increasing the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that corporations
can use to offset taxable income. The tax law changes in the CARES Act did not have a material impact on the Company s income tax
provision. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in certain settlement
and related legal expenses, to satisfy the Company s indemnification obligations with respect thereto, in lieu of paying cash,
the Company would issue senior convertible preferred stock to HBIO that will contain terms as described in the PIA. 

On
June 10, 2022, following the execution of a subscription agreement and HBIO providing evidence of payment of the requisite million
amount, the Company issued HBIO shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, or Series E Preferred, at a price of per
share to satisfy the Company s related indemnification obligations pertaining to the million, in lieu of paying cash. As of
December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series E Preferred outstanding and approximately accrued as dividends payable
as shares of Series E Preferred. 

The
rights, preferences, and privileges of the Series E Preferred stock were as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

Dividends:
Payable quarterly in additional shares of Series E Preferred stock at a rate of per annum, accrued daily and compounded quarterly. 

Voting
Rights: The holders of Series E Preferred stock shall have no voting rights except as required by applicable law. 

Consent
Rights: As long as any shares of Series E Preferred stock are outstanding, the holder of the Series E Preferred stock has certain consent
rights with respect to the Company (a) incurring any indebtedness for borrowed money or any guaranty
therefor in excess of individually or in the aggregate, (b) entering into certain new material related party transactions, and
(c) authorizing or issuing any securities unless the same ranks junior to the Series E Preferred. 

Liquidation
Rights: The Series E Preferred stock shall, with respect to dividends and distributions upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company or a deemed liquidation event or otherwise, rank prior to all classes of Common Stock of the
Company and, except for any Preferred Stock that may be pari passu or senior to the Series E Preferred Stock, in each case, if consented
to by the holder of the Series E Preferred, all other classes or series of Preferred Stock of the Company, whether currently existing
or hereafter created. 

Mandatory
Conversion : Each share of Series E Preferred stock will automatically convert into shares of Common Stock of the Company upon the
earlier to occur of the Company s offering that includes common stock (whether private placement or public offering) that coincides
with its uplisting onto NASDAQ, its initial public offering pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 that includes common stock
following the issuance of the Series E Preferred, or its initial private placement that includes common stock following the issuance
of the Series E Preferred in the event the gross proceeds of such private placement are at least . In such instance, each share
of Series E Preferred will convert into that number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the stated value plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends, by (ii) the lowest price per share of common stock purchased in the applicable offering by the Company which triggered
the mandatory conversion, or if such price cannot be reliably determined, a reasonably calculated price per common share determined by
the Company and the holder. 

Optional
Conversion : Each share of Series E Preferred stock will also be subject to optional conversion by the holder thereof into that number
of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the stated value plus all accrued and unpaid dividends, by (ii) a price per share
equal to the average of the volume weighted average trading prices of the Common Stock for the most recently completed sixty (60) consecutive
trading days prior to the date of determination. 

Equity
Classification : The conversion options require the settlement through a variable number of shares. Based on the mechanic of the conversion
options, it is not possible to determine if the company would be able to satisfy the settlement of the conversion option. Shareholder
approval would be required to increase the number of authorized common shares. This action would be outside of the control of the Company.
Accordingly, it is presumed that cash settlement would be required. Management has determined that based upon this analysis, temporary
equity classification would be appropriate. 

Other
than Series E Preferred Shares, there were other shares of any of the other classes of preferred stock outstanding as of December
31, 2022. Authorized shares for each preferred stock class is as follows: 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 

shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and shares of common stock available for issuance. 

The
following represent the Company s common stock transactions during December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022
Capital Transactions 

On
May 12, 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements, each a Purchase Agreement, with new and existing investors, the
Investors, pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase in a private placement an aggregate of shares of common stock and
warrants to purchase shares of common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the warrant agreement, the Warrants, for the
aggregate purchase price of approximately million with a purchase price per unit of , the Private Placement. Each unit consisted
of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one half of one share of common stock, subject to adjustment, as provided in the
Warrants. The Company received an aggregate of million gross and net proceeds from the Private Placement by May 16, 2022. 

The
 million of gross and net proceeds where allocated million and million to the common stock and warrants, respectively.
The Company classified these warrants on its consolidated balance sheets as equity as the warrants do not have any redemption features
nor a right to put for cash that is outside the control of the Company, and valued using the Black-Scholes model based on the following
weighted average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 
 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Market value of common stock 

In
June 2022, the Company issued 
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of 
per share to satisfy certain indemnification obligations in the amount of million,
in lieu of paying cash. The Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock relating to accrued
dividends during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2021
Capital Transactions 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock at a purchase price of per share and warrants
to purchase shares of common stock to its Chief Executive Officer at a purchase price of per unit. Each unit consisted of
 share of common stock and a warrant to purchase half of one share of common stock. The shares and warrants were sold for aggregate
gross and net proceeds of approximately million of which, million and million was allocated to the common stock and warrants,
respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock at a purchase price of per
share and warrants to purchase shares of common stock to a group of existing investors at a purchase price of per unit.
Each unit consisted of share of common stock and a warrant to purchase half of one share of common stock. The shares and warrants
were sold for aggregate gross and net proceeds of approximately million, of which million and million was allocated to
the common stock and warrants, respectively. 

The
Company classified the warrants in each of the aforementioned issuances on its consolidated balance sheets as equity, and valued the
respective warrants issued in conjunction with common stock placements using the Black-Scholes model based on the following weighted
average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected term 
 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Exercise price 

Market value of common stock 

Issued 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

The
Company maintains the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP Plan, whereas participating employees can authorize the Company
to withhold a portion of their base pay during consecutive six -month payment periods for the purchase of shares of the Company s
common stock. At the conclusion of the period, participating employees can purchase shares of the Company s common stock at 
of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the beginning or end of the period. Shares are issued under
the plan for the six -month periods ending June 30 and December 31. Under this plan, shares of common stock are authorized for issuance
of which shares have been issued as of December 31, 2022. There are shares available for issuance as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021. There was no ESPP Plan activity in 2022 or 2021. 

and the contractual life is . Canceled and forfeited options and awards are available to
be reissued under the Plan. 

In
June 2020, the Company s shareholders approved the Plan to, among other things, increase of the number of shares of the Company s
common stock available for issuance pursuant thereto by shares, which increased the total shares authorized to be issued under
the Plan to . There are shares available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Canceled / forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Canceled
 / forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options vested or
 expected to vest 

7.68 
 6,657 

The
Company s outstanding stock options include performance-based awards that have vesting provisions subject to the achievement
of certain business milestones. Total unrecognized compensation expense for the remaining performance-based awards is approximately 
million. expense has been recognized for these awards as of December 31, 2022 given that the milestone achievements for these awards
have not yet been deemed probable for accounting purposes. 

Aggregate
intrinsic value for outstanding options for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million is calculated as the difference
of the Company s closing stock price of per share as of December 30, 2022 and the weighted average exercise price of .
As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested non-performance-based awards amounted to million, which
will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

The
grant date fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the fair value
of its common stock, the exercise price, the expected life of the option, the expected volatility of its common stock, expected dividends
on its common stock, and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. The risk-free interest rate assumption is
based upon observed treasury bill interest rates (risk-free) appropriate for the expected term of the Company s employee stock
options. The computation of expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The simplified
method of estimating expected term was used. The Company has not paid and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the Company s
shares of common stock; therefore, the expected dividend yield is assumed to be . 

The
weighted average estimated fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes model was and per share for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company also estimated the fair value of non-employee share options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model reflecting the same
assumptions as applied to employee and director options in each of the reporting periods, other than the expected life, which is assumed
to be the remaining contractual life of the options. 

Selling, general and
 administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Net loss per share 
 basic and diluted 

The
Company s potentially dilutive securities, which include stock options, unvested restricted common stock units and warrants, have
been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share whenever the effect of including them would be to reduce the net loss
per share. In periods where there is a net loss, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic
and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same. 

The
following potential common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect: 

Options to purchase
 common stock 

Total 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock and accrued dividends. 

F- 26 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a
previously filed document, such document is identified. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Separation
 and Distribution Agreement between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc. dated as of October 31, 2013 (previously filed as
 an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. dated March 30, 2016 (previously filed as an
 exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 31, 2016, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. dated May 26, 2016 (previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 17, 2017, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Biostage, Inc. classifying and designating the Series A Junior
 Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A,
 filed October 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Biostage, Inc. classifying and designating the Series B Convertible Preferred
 Stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 12, 2015, and incorporated
 by reference thereto). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. dated April 26, 2017 (previously filed as an
 exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 27, 2017, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Biostage, Inc. classifying and designating
 the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 on August 17, 2017, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination of Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2017, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. dated December 22, 2017 (previously filed as
 an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 22, 2017, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate
 of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Biostage, Inc. classifying and designating
 the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 on January 3, 2018, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Biostage, Inc. dated May 24, 2019 (previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 28, 2019, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By-laws of the Biostage, Inc. (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 on March 31, 2016, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Stock Certificate evidencing shares of common stock (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
 filed on March 27, 2015, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January
 3, 2018, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 filed on December 18, 2019, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

68 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January
 2, 2020, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on June
 22, 2021, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on September
 8, 2021, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K, filed on November
 30, 2021, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Description
 of Securities (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K, filed on March 27, 2020, and incorporated
 by reference thereto). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May
 13, 2022, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Intellectual
 Property Matters Agreement between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc. dated as of October 31, 2013 (previously filed as
 an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Product
 Distribution Agreement between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc. dated as of October 31, 2013 (previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Tax
 Sharing Agreement between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc. dated as of October 31, 2013 (previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Sublease
 by and between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc. dated as of October 31, 2013 (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 6, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.6#

Amended
 and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule
 14A, filed on April 28, 2020, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B, filed July 31,
 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B,
 filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Form
 of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for executive officers (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Form
 of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for directors (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.11# 
 
 Form
 of Deferred Stock Award Agreement (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B, filed
 July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Sublicense Agreement dated as of December 7, 2012 between Biostage, Inc. and Harvard Bioscience, Inc., and related Trademark License Agreement, dated December 19, 2002, by and between Harvard Bioscience, Inc. and President and Fellows of Harvard College (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2023, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Patent
 Rights Assignment dated December 21, 2012 between Biostage, Inc. and Dr. Paolo Macchiarini (previously filed as an exhibit to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Novel
 Surgery Agreement dated as of May 21, 2012 between Biostage, Inc. and State Budget Institution of Public Health Department Regional
 Clinical Hospital #1 and Vladimir Alekseevich Porhanov (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Novel Surgery Agreement dated as of May 24, 2012 between Biostage, Inc. and OSF Healthcare System, owner and operator of Saint Francis Medical Center and Children s Hospital of Illinois, and Mark Holterman, M.D. (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment
 to Novel Surgery Agreement dated as of April 5, 2013 between Biostage, Inc. and OSF Healthcare System, owner and operator of Saint
 Francis Medical Center and Children s Hospital of Illinois, and Mark Holterman, M.D. (previously filed as an exhibit to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amendment
 to Novel Surgery Agreement dated as of June 26, 2013 between Biostage, Inc. and State Budget Institution of Public Health Department
 Regional Clinical Hospital #1 and Igor S. Polyakov (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form 10-12B, filed July 31, 2013, and incorporated by reference thereto). 

69 

10.18# 
 
 Offer
 Letter, dated June 4, 2018, between Biostage, Inc. and William Fodor, PhD (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2018, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.19# 
 
 Separation
 and Release Agreement, dated June 14, 2019, between Biostage, Inc. and Thomas McNaughton (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2019, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Separation
 and Release Agreement, dated January 31, 2020, between Biostage, Inc. and James McGorry (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 7, 2020, and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Preferred
 Issuance Agreement (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 28, 2022 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May
 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.23# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 8, 2022, between Biostage, Inc. and Joseph L. Damasio, Jr. (previously filed as an exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 9, 2022 and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 10.24# 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 11, 2023, between Biostage, Inc. and David Green (previously filed as an exhibit
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 12, 2023 and incorporated by reference thereto). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Biostage, Inc. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Wei, Wei Co. LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Biostage., pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Biostage, Inc., pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Biostage, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Biostage, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

This
 certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise
 subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
 Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

# 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

The
 schedules and exhibits to the Separation and Distribution Agreement have been omitted. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit
 will be furnished to the SEC supplementally upon request. The Company will furnish to stockholders a copy of any exhibit without
 charge upon written request. 

Certain identified information has been excluded from
the exhibit because it is both not material and is of the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Biostage,
 Inc. 
 
 Date:
 March 30, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Junli He 

Junli He 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Junli He 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director, and Chairman 

Junli
 He 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Joseph Damasio Jr. 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Joseph
 Damasio Jr. 
 
 (principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Jason Jing Chen 

Jason
 Jing Chen 
 
 Vice
 Chairman 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 David Green 

David
 Green 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Ting Li 

Ting
 Li 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Herman Sanchez 

Herman
 Sanchez 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 James Shmerling 

James
 Shmerling 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

71 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Harvard
 Apparatus Regenerative Technology GmbH 
 (Germany) 

Biostage
 Limited 
 (UK) 

Harvard
 Apparatus Regenerative Technology Limited 
 (Hong
 Kong) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board of Directors 

 Biostage,
Inc.: 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Biostage, Inc. on Forms S-8 (No. 333-192026, 333-192027, 333-203105, 333-212993, 333-219988, 333-225336,
and 333-239346) of our report dated March 30, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Biostage, Inc. as of December 31,
2022 and for the year then ended,, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biostage, Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

/s/
 Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

Boston,
 Massachusetts 

March
 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm

EXHIBIT
23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors 

 Biostage,
Inc.: 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement on Forms S-8 (No. 333-192026, 333-192027, 333-203105, 333-212993, 333-219988, 333-225336, and 333-239346)
of Biostage, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Biostage Inc. and its subsidiaries,
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biostage, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We were dismissed as auditors on October
10, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements incorporated
by reference for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/
 Wei, Wei Co., LLP 

Flushing,
 New York 

March
 30, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification 

I,
Junli He, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biostage, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Junli (Jerry) He 

Junli
 (Jerry) He 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Director, and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification 

I,
Joseph Damasio Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biostage, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Joseph Damasio Jr. 

Joseph
 Damasio Jr. 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

The
undersigned officer of Biostage, Inc. (the Company) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K (Item 601(b)(32)) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that
the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Junli He 

Name: 
 Junli He 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 Director, and Chairman 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

The
undersigned officer of Biostage, Inc. (the Company) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K (Item 601(b)(32)) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that
the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Joseph Damasio Jr. 

Name: 
 Joseph
 Damasio Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 bstg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 bstg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 bstg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 bstg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

