<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1309082_0001477932-23-001554.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6884316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>409039</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1161327</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1914195</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1264660</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1938985</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-001554.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317170052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-001554
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAMBER ENERGY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309082
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				202660243
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32508
		FILM NUMBER:		23743567

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15915 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 404-4387

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15915 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77094

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LUCAS ENERGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Panorama Investments Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-001554.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 cei_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cei_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended : or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from _______ to ___________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of lar g e accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emer g ing growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022 (the date of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately using the June 30, 2022 closing price of the registrant s common stock of 19.00/share on such date (after applying 1-for-50 reverse stock split effective December 21, 2022). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who beneficially owns 10 percent or more of the registrant s outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant for purposes of the above calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. There were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023. Documents incorporated by reference: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Glossary of Oil and Gas Terms 3 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 5 Where You Can Find More Information 6 General Information 6 PART I ITEM 1. Business 7 General 8 Recent Reverse Stock Splits and Amendments to Articles 18 Industry Segments 18 Operations and Oil and Gas Properties Marketing Competition Regulation 18 Insurance Matters 19 Other Matters 19 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 22 ITEM 2. Properties 42 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 44 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 44 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 45 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 50 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 59 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 59 ITEM 9B. Other Information 60 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporation Governance 61 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 68 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 70 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 71 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 71 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 72 ITEM 16. Form 10 K Summary 72 SIGNATURES 73 2 Table of Contents GLOSSARY OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this Report, which are commonly used in the oil and natural industry. ARO . Asset retirement obligation, a legal obligation associated with the retirement of an asset, which in the Company s case is generally associated with the pugging of oil wells. Bbl . One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in this Annual Report in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. Boe . Barrels of oil equivalent, determined using the ratio of one Bbl of crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids, to six Mcf of natural gas. Boepd . Barrels of oil equivalent per day. Btu or British thermal unit . The quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. Completion . The operations required to establish production of oil or natural gas from a wellbore, usually involving perforations, stimulation and/or installation of permanent equipment in the well or, in the case of a dry hole, the reporting of abandonment to the appropriate agency. Condensate . Liquid hydrocarbons associated with the production of a primarily natural gas reserve. Development well . A well drilled into a proved oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. Exploratory well . A well drilled to find and produce oil or natural gas reserves not classified as proved, to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir. Field . An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. Li q uids . Liquids, or natural gas liquids, are marketable liquid products including ethane, propane, butane and pentane resulting from the further processing of liquefiable hydrocarbons separated from raw natural gas by a natural gas processing facility. Lease operating expenses . The costs of maintaining and operating property and equipment on a producing oil and gas lease. Mcf . One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. MMBtu . One million British thermal units. 3 Table of Contents Net revenue interest . The interest that defines the percentage of revenue that an owner of a well receives from the sale of oil, natural gas and/or natural gas liquids that are produced from the well. NGL . Natural gas liquids. Permeabili ty . A reference to the ability of oil and/or natural gas to flow through a reservoir. Pla y . A set of known or postulated oil and/or natural gas accumulations sharing similar geologic, geographic and temporal properties, such as source rock, migration pathways, timing, trapping mechanism and hydrocarbon type. Possible reserves . Additional reserves that are less certain to be recognized than probable reserves. Probable reserves . Additional reserves that are less certain to be recognized than proved reserves but which, in sum with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered. Producin g well, production well or productive well . A well that is found to be capable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of the well s production exceed production-related expenses and taxes. Properties . Natural gas and oil wells, production and related equipment and facilities and natural gas, oil or other mineral fee, leasehold and related interests. Prospect . A specific geographic area which, based on supporting geological, geophysical or other data and also preliminary economic analysis using reasonably anticipated prices and costs, is considered to have potential for the discovery of commercial hydrocarbons. Proved developed reserves . Proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells and facilities and by existing operating methods. Proved reserves . Reserves of oil and natural gas that have been proved to a high degree of certainty by analysis of the producing history of a reservoir and/or by volumetric analysis of adequate geological and engineering data. Proved undeveloped reserves or PUDs . Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Reservoir . A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or natural gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs. Royalty interest . An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds of the sale thereof), but generally does not require the owner to pay any portion of the costs of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowner s royalties, which are reserved by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. Vertical well . A hole drilled vertically into the earth from which oil, natural gas or water flows are pumped. Wellbore . The hole made by a well. WTI or West Texas Intermediate . A grade of crude oil used as a benchmark in oil pricing. This grade is described as light because of its relatively low density, and sweet because of its low sulfur content. Workin g interest . The operating interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on the property and receive a share of production. 4 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are generally located in the material set forth under the headings Risk Factors , Mana g ement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Business , and Properties but may be found in other locations as well. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not unduly rely on these statements. Factors, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others: the availability of funding and the terms of such funding; our ability to integrate and realize the benefits from future acquisitions that we may complete and the costs of such integrations; our ability to timely collect amounts owed to us under unsecured notes payable; significant dilution caused by the conversion of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock, as well as downward pressure on our stock price as a result of the sale of such common shares; our growth strategies; anticipated trends in our business; our ability to repay outstanding loans and satisfy our outstanding liabilities; our liquidity and ability to finance our exploration, acquisition and development strategies; market conditions in the oil and gas and pipeline services industries; the timing, cost and procedure for future acquisitions; the impact of government regulation; estimates regarding future net revenues from oil and natural gas reserves and the present value thereof; legal proceedings and/or the outcome of and/or negative perceptions associated therewith; planned capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); increases in oil and gas production; changes in the market price of oil and gas; changes in the number of drilling rigs available; the number of wells we anticipate drilling in the future; estimates, plans and projections relating to acquired properties; the number of potential drilling locations; our ability to maintain our NYSE listing; the voting and conversion rights of our preferred stock; the effects of global pandemics, such as COVID-19 on our operations, properties, the market for oil and gas and the demand for oil and gas; and our financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations. 5 Table of Contents We identify forward-looking statements by use of terms such as ma y, will , expect, anticipate, estimate , hope, plan, believe , predict, envision , intend , continue , potential, should , confident , could and similar words and expressions, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. You should consider carefully the statements under the Risk Factors section of this Report and other sections of this Report which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including those described above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this Report. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Where You Can Find Other Information We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and are available for download, free of charge, soon after such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC, on the Investors , SEC Filin gs page of our website at www.camber.energy. Information on our website is not part of this Report, and we do not desire to incorporate by reference such information herein. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC like us. Copies of documents filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary, who can be contacted at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this Report. In addition, you can access our proxy statements, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Audit Committee Charter, and Compensation Committee Charter on our website http://www.camber.energy, at Investors SEC Filin gs All SEC Filin gs and Governance - Policies . General Information The following discussion and analysis provide information which management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Expectations of future financial condition and results of operations are based upon current business plans and may change. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto. In this Report, we may rely on and refer to information regarding our industry which comes from market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly available information. Although we believe that this information is reliable, we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information, and we have not independently verified any of it. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company , we , us , our , Camber , Camber Energy and Camber Energy, Inc. refer specifically to Camber Energy, Inc., and our consolidated subsidiaries: CE Operating, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company which is wholly-owned, and C E Energy LLC, a Texas limited liability company which is wholly-owned CE ). 6 Table of Contents Certain abbreviations and oil and gas industry terms used throughout this Annual Report are described and defined in greater detail above under Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms on page 1 of this Report, and readers are encouraged to review that section. In addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: Exchan g e Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; SEC or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. All references to common stock, share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the 1:50 reverse stock split that became effective on December 21, 2022, as if it had taken place as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Our website address is http://www.camber.energy. The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be considered a part of this Report. 2022 - Late Filings and Restatements On October 31, 2020, the Company received a comment letter from the SEC SEC Comment Letter with respect to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on October 14, 2020. Among other things, the SEC Comment Letter questioned the Company s historical accounting treatment regarding the sale of our Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Stock ). The Company recorded such sales as permanent equity and the SEC Comment Letter suggested the appropriate accounting classification was something other than permanent equity given certain provisions within the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Stock COD ). In November 2021, the Company believed it had determined the appropriate accounting treatment and filed an amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended March 31, 2020, inclusive of restated comparative financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019, an amended Quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the three months ended June 30, 2020, and an amended quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2020. Subsequent to filing the amended filings, the Company was advised by the SEC that the staff continued to question the accounting treatment for the Series C Shares. Consequently, the Company continued to defer filing Annual Reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q until the matter had been resolved. On March 28, 2022 the Company filed Form 8-K, Item 4.02 non-reliance on previously filed financial statements After numerous consultations with the SEC staff and the Company s accounting advisors, in May 2022, the Company concluded on the proper accounting treatment and filed all financial statements then outstanding to bring the Company current with its filing requirements at such time. 7 Table of Contents General Camber is based in Houston, Texas. Incorporated in Nevada in December 2003 under the name Panorama Investments Corp., the Company changed its name to Lucas Energy, Inc., effective June 9, 2006, and effective January 4, 2017, the Company changed its name to Camber Energy, Inc. Camber s aim is to become a growth-oriented diversified energy company. The Company owns minority, non-operated working interests in certain oil gas wells in Texas, and through its investment in Viking Energy Group, Inc. Viking ), the organization provides custom energy power solutions to commercial and industrial clients in North America. Viking also holds an exclusive license in Canada to a patented carbon-capture system, and has a majority interest in: (i) an entity with intellectual property rights to a fully developed, patented, proprietary Medical Bio-Hazard Waste Treatment system using Ozone Technology; and (ii) entities with the intellectual property rights to fully developed, patent pending, proprietary Electric Transmission and Distribution Open Conductor Detection Systems. The Company is also exploring other renewable energy-related opportunities and/or technologies. On December 16, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada to effect a reverse split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-50. As a result of the reverse stock split, each fifty (50) pre-split shares of common stock outstanding were combined into one (1) new share of common stock. Unless otherwise stated, all share and per share numbers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and included in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. Vikin g Investment On December 23, 2020, Camber entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Viking to acquire (the Viking Acquisition or the Acquisition 26,274,510 shares of Viking s common stock, constituting 51 of the issued common stock of Viking (the Initial Viking Shares ), in consideration of (i) the payment of 10,900,000 in cash by Camber to Viking, which was retained by Viking (the Cash Purchase Price ), and (ii) Camber canceling 9,200,000 in promissory notes previously issued to Camber by Viking (the February 3, 2020 promissory note for 5,000,000 and the June 25, 2020 promissory note for 4,200,000, collectively the Viking Notes along with accrued interest. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Viking is generally obligated (subject to certain limitations) to issue additional shares of Viking common stock to Camber to ensure that Camber shall own at least 51 of the common stock of Viking through July 1, 2022. In connection with the investment, on December 23, 2020, the Company also entered into (i) a termination agreement with Viking terminating the prior Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 31, 2020, as amended (the Termination Agreement ), and (ii) an Assignment of Camber s 30 Membership Interest in one of Viking s subsidiaries, Elysium Energy Holdings, LLC, back to Viking (the Assignment ). Also in connection with the Acquisition, on December 23, 2020, the Company (i) borrowed 12,000,000 from the institutional investor described in the Preferred Stock Financing Transactions section below (the Investor (ii) issued the Investor a promissory note in the principal amount of 12,000,000 (the December 23 rd Investor Note ), accruing interest at the rate of 10 per annum and maturing December 11, 2022; (iii) granted the Investor a first-priority security interest in the Initial Viking Shares and the Company s other assets pursuant to a Security Agreement-Pledge (the December 23 rd Pledge Agreement ), and a general security agreement (the December 23 rd Security Agreement ), respectively; and (iv) entered into an amendment to the Company s 6,000,000 promissory note previously issued to the Investor dated December 11, 2020, amending the acceleration provision of the note to provide that the note repayment obligations would not accelerate if Camber had increased its authorized capital stock by March 11, 2021 (the Note Amendment ). On February 23, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock from 25,000,000 to 250,000,000, which amendment was filed with the State of Nevada on February 23, 2021. On December 23, 2020, the December 23 rd Investor Note was funded, and the Company closed the investment, paying the Cash and assigning the membership interests to Viking and cancelling the Viking Notes and related accrued interest. At the closing, James Doris and Frank Barker, Jr., Viking s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), respectively, were appointed the CEO and CFO, respectively, of the Company, and Mr. Doris was appointed a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 8 Table of Contents On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into another purchase agreement with Viking pursuant to which the Company increased its investment by acquiring an additional 16,153,846 shares of Viking common stock (the Additional Viking Shares in consideration of (i) the Company issuing 1,890 shares of Camber s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to EMC Capital Partners, LLC EMC ), one of the Viking s lenders which held a secured promissory note with an original principal amount of 20,869,218 in connection with the purchase of oil and gas assets on or about February 3, 2020 (the EMC Note and (ii) EMC considering the EMC Note, and related accrued interest, paid in full and cancelled pursuant to the Cancellation Agreement described below. Simultaneously, on January 8, 2021, Viking entered into a Cancellation Agreement with EMC (the Cancellation Agreement pursuant to which Viking agreed to pay 325,000 to EMC, and EMC agreed to cancel and terminate in the EMC Note and all other liabilities, claims, amounts owing and other obligations under the Note. On July 29, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Viking to acquire an additional 27,500,000 shares of Viking common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 11,000,000. As a result of these three investments, the Company owned approximately 61 of the outstanding common shares of Viking as of December 31, 2021. The Company has determined that its ownership of the common shares of Viking gives the Company the ability to exercise significant influence over Viking, but not control from an accounting perspective pursuant to applicable accounting rules and/or guidelines, and therefore the Company has not consolidated the financial statements of Viking into the Company s financial statements. Rather, the Company accounts for its investment in Viking under the equity method. Merger Agreement with Viking On February 15, 2021, Camber entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Viking. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Camber Merger Sub will then merge with and into Viking (the Merger ), with Viking surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Camber (the Combined Company ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), each share: (i) of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Viking (the Viking Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than shares owned by Camber, Viking and Merger Sub, will be converted into the right to receive one share of common stock of Camber; and (ii) of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Viking (the Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Camber (the Camber Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of Camber Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into 890 shares of common stock of Camber (subject to a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion into Camber common stock if the holder would be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99 of Camber s common stock), will be treated equally with Camber s common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation, and will only have voting rights with respect to voting: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. Holders of Viking Common Stock and Viking Preferred Stock will have any fractional shares of Camber common stock or preferred stock after the Merger rounded up to the nearest whole share. At the Effective Time, each outstanding Viking equity award, will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration in respect of each share of Viking Common Stock underlying such equity award and, in the case of Viking stock options, be converted into vested Camber stock options based on the merger exchange ratio calculated as provided above (the Exchange Ratio ). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that effective as of the Effective Time, James A. Doris, the current Chief Executive Officer of both Viking and Camber, shall serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the resulting merged entity (the Combined Company following the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement provides that, as of the Effective Time, the Combined Company will have its headquarters in Houston, Texas. 9 Table of Contents The Merger Agreement also provides that, during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, each of Camber and Viking will be subject to certain restrictions on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties, to provide non-public information to third parties and to engage in discussions with third parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals, subject to customary exceptions. Viking is required to hold a meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the adoption of the Merger Agreement and, subject to certain exceptions, to recommend that its stockholders vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. Camber is required to hold a meeting of its stockholders to approve the issuance of Viking Common Stock and Viking Preferred Stock in connection with the Merger (the Merger Share Issuance ). The completion of the Merger is subject to customary conditions, including (i) adoption of the Merger Agreement by Camber s stockholders and approval of the Merger Share Issuances by Camber s stockholders, (ii) receipt of required regulatory approvals, (iii) effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 for the Camber common stock to be issued in the Merger (the Form S-4 ), and (iv) the absence of any law, order, injunction, decree or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the Merger or making the completion of the Merger illegal. Each party s obligation to complete the Merger is also subject to certain additional customary conditions, including (i) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, performance by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement and (iii) the absence of any material adverse effect on the other party, as defined in the Merger Agreement. Additional closing conditions to the Merger include that in the event the NYSE American determines that the Merger constitutes, or will constitute, a back-door listing or reverse merger, Camber (and its common stock) would be required to qualify for initial listing on the NYSE American, pursuant to the applicable guidance and requirements of the NYSE as of the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement can be terminated (i) at any time with the mutual consent of the parties; (ii) by either Camber or Viking if any governmental consent or approval required for closing is not obtained, or any governmental entity issues a final non-appealable order or similar decree preventing the Merger; (iii) by either Viking or Camber if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before August 1, 2021; (iv) by Camber or Viking, upon the breach by the other of a term of the Merger, which is not cured within 30 days of the date of written notice thereof by the other; (v) by Camber if Viking is unable to obtain the affirmative vote of its stockholders for approval of the Merger; (vi) by Viking if Camber is unable to obtain the affirmative vote of its stockholders required pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement; and (vii) by Viking or Camber if there is a willful breach of the Merger Agreement by the other party thereto. The Merger Agreement has no impact on the Camber Series C Preferred Stock. The Merger Agreement contains customary indemnification obligations of the parties and representations and warranties. The representations, warranties and covenants of each party set forth in the Merger Agreement have been made only for the purposes of, and were and are solely for the benefit of the parties to, the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Accordingly, the representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time, and investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. In addition, such representations and warranties (i) will not survive consummation of the Merger and (ii) were made only as of the date of the Merger Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Merger Agreement. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the parties public disclosures. Accordingly, the Merger Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement, and not to provide investors with any factual information regarding Camber or Viking, their respective affiliates or their respective businesses. The Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding Camber, Viking, their respective affiliates or their respective businesses, the Merger Agreement and the Merger that will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, a Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Camber and Viking and a prospectus of Viking, as well as in the Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other filings that each of Camber and Viking make with the SEC. 10 Table of Contents The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 . As of March 17, 2023, neither the Company nor Viking had advised of its intention to terminate the Merger Agreement. However, given the lapse of time since the date of the Merger Agreement, the Company believes it is reasonably likely that certain terms would need to be modified by the parties in order for the parties to proceed with the Merger. On or about March 14, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors resolved to enter into negotiations with Viking to modify certain terms of the Merger and to re-engage a valuation firm in connection with securing a fairness opinion or any other valuation report, analyses or presentations that might be necessary or appropriate regarding the Merger. As of March 17, 2023, the Company had not determined the revised terms upon which it would be prepared to proceed with the Merger. Any modifications to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement would be subject to the written agreement of both the Company and Viking, and there is no assurance that the Company and Viking will agree on any such proposed modifications. Moreover, the satisfaction of conditions, whether existing or new, may be outside of the Company s control. Lineal Acquisition and Divestiture: On December 31, 2019, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement (the Redemption Agreement by and between the Company and the prior owners of Lineal, whereby the Company redeemed the Company s Series E and F Preferred Stock (the holders of such preferred stock, collectively, the Preferred Holders issued in connection with the Lineal Merger (as defined in Note 2). Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2019, ownership of 100 of Lineal was transferred back to the Preferred Holders, and, all of the Series E Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock of the Company outstanding were canceled through the redemption (the Lineal Divestiture ). The Redemption Agreement also provided for (a) the entry by Lineal and the Company into a new unsecured promissory note in the amount of 1,539,719, the outstanding amount of the July 2019 Lineal Note together with additional amounts loaned by Camber to Lineal through December 31, 2019 (the December 2019 Lineal Note and, (b) the unsecured loan by the Company to Lineal on December 31, 2019 of an additional 800,000, entered into by Lineal in favor of the Company on December 31, 2019 Lineal Note No. 2 The December 2019 Lineal Note and Lineal Note No. 2, accrued interest, payable quarterly in arrears, beginning on March 31, 2020 and continuing until December 31, 2021, when all interest and principal was due, at 8 and 10 per annum (18 upon the occurrence of an event of default), respectively. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement, the parties thereto mutually agreed to unwind the Lineal Merger and allow for the redemption in full of Lineal by the Preferred Holders. In connection therewith, the Company redeemed the Company s Series E and F Preferred Stock issued in connection with the Lineal Merger and ownership of 100 of Lineal was transferred back to the Preferred Holders, and all of the Series E Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock of the Company outstanding were cancelled through the redemption. Preferred Stock Financing Transactions: June, 2020: On and effective June 22, 2020, the Company and Discover Growth Fund, LLC Discover entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the June 2020 Purchase A g reement ), pursuant to which Discover purchased 630 shares of the Company s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock for 6 million, at a 5 original issue discount to the 10,000 face value of such preferred stock (the Face Value ). The Company loaned 4.2 million of the funds provided by the June 2020 Purchase Agreement to Viking in connection with the purchase of the June 2020 Secured Note. On or about December 11, 2020, 600 of the 630 Series C Shares sold to Discover in June, 2020 were returned by Discover for cancelation in exchange for a 6 million Promissory Note, leaving 30 Series C Shares outstanding from the June, 2020 transaction. On or about May 17, 2022, Discover converted these 30 Series C Shares into 3,848,449 shares of common stock (equivalent to approximately 76,969 common shares on a post-reverse stock split basis) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation(s), as amended, associated with the Series C Preferred Stock. 11 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, Discover held zero shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and Discover is not entitled to any common shares in connection with prior conversions. January, 2021: On or about January 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with EMC pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 1,890 shares of Camber s Series C Preferred Stock to EMC Capital Partners, LLC EMC ). EMC converted 226 shares of Series C Preferred Stock Shares in tranches: (i) 38 shares on September 14, 2021; (ii) 59 shares on October 7, 2021; and (iii) 129 shares on January 3, 2022 (at which time EMC no longer held any shares of Series C Preferred Stock). The aggregate number of common shares issued to EMC in connection with its conversion of the 226 shares of Series C Preferred Stock equaled 154,186,428 (equivalent to approximately 3,083,729 common shares on a post-reverse stock split basis) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation(s), as amended, associated with the Series C Preferred Stock. In January, 2022 the Company redeemed and cancelled 1,664 of EMC s shares of Series C Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, EMC held zero shares of Series C Preferred Stock, but is entitled to 730,241 common shares in connection with prior conversions. The Company anticipates issuing these common shares to EMC if the Company s shareholders approve an increase in the Company s authorized capital. July, 2021: Effective as of July 9, 2021, the Company and Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles ), an affiliate of Discover, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the July 2021 Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which Antilles purchased 1,575 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for 15 million, at a 5 original issue discount to the 10,000 face value of each share of preferred stock. Between May 17 and December 31, 2022, Antilles converted 1,305 shares of Series C Preferred Stock into 393,305,736 shares of common stock (equivalent to approximately 7,866,115 common shares on a post-reverse stock split basis) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation(s), as amended, associated with the Series C Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the July 2021 Purchase Agreement, as long as Antilles holds any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, we agreed that, except as contemplated in connection with the Merger, we would not issue or enter into or amend an agreement pursuant to which we may issue any shares of common stock, other than (a) for restricted securities with no registration rights, (b) in connection with a strategic acquisition, (c) in an underwritten public offering, or (d) at a fixed price. We also agreed that we would not issue or amend any debt or equity securities convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or including the right to receive, shares of common stock (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of the security or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of the security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the common stock. We also agreed that if we issue any security with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to Antilles, then we would notify Antilles of such additional or more favorable term and such term, at the Investor s option, may become a part of the transaction documents with the Investor. We agreed to include proposals relating to the approval of the July 2021 Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the shares of common stock upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock sold pursuant to the July 2021 Purchase Agreement, as well as an increase in authorized common stock to fulfill our obligations to issue such shares, at the Company s next Annual Meeting, the meeting held to approve the Merger or a separate meeting in the event the Merger is terminated prior to shareholder approval, and to use commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain such approvals as soon as possible and in any event prior to January 1, 2022. 12 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2022, Antilles held 270 shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Company estimated these shares would convert into approximately 3.8 million common shares pursuant to the conversion formula set out in the Certificate of Designation(s), as amended, associated with the Series C Preferred Stock, using approximately 2.185 as the then low volume weighted average price Low VWAP of the Company s common stock for the purposes of calculating the Conversion Premium due upon conversion. The Low VWAP fell to approximately 1.2813 in March, 2023, which increased the underlying common share estimate from 3.8 million to 6.69 million common shares. If the Low VWAP during the Measurement Period (as defined in the Certificate of Designation, as amended) falls below 1.2813, Antilles would be entitled to more than 6.69 million common shares. Exchange Agreement, Promissory Notes and Security Agreements : Exchange Agreement On December 11, 2020, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchan g e Agreement with Discover pursuant to which Discover exchanged 600 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, with an aggregate face value of 6,000,000 (600 shares each with a face value of 10,000 per share), for a 6,000,000 secured Promissory Note, and the 600 Preferred Shares were cancelled. Summary of Promissory Notes Between December 11 th , 2020 and December 24, 2021, the Company executed and delivered the following Secured Promissory Notes in favor of Discover: 1. Promissory Note dated December 11, 2020 in the original amount of 6,000,000 (the December 11 th Investor Note ), which was issued in connection with the Exchange Agreement described above; 2. Promissory Note dated December 22, 2020 in the original amount of 12,000,000 (the December 22 nd Investor Note 3. Promissory Note dated April 23, 2021 in the original amount of 2,500,000 (the April 23 rd Investor Note 4. Promissory Note dated December 9, 2021 in the original amount of 1,000,000 (the December 9, 2021 Investor Note and 5. Promissory Note dated December 24, 2021 with a face value of 26,315,789 (the December 24, 2021 Investor Note ), in respect of which 25,000,000 was funded on January 3, 2022. The December 9, 2021 Investor Note was paid in full on January 4, 2022. All other Promissory Notes remain outstanding and have a maturity date of January 1, 2027 (collectively, the Outstanding Notes ). Commencing December 24, 2021, pursuant to Amendments signed on or about such date and the satisfaction of the condition stated therein which related to the Company increasing its authorized capital prior to December 31, 2021, each of the Outstanding Notes bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate on the amendment date, being 3.25 , with interest payable at maturity. Prior to December 24, 2021, the interest rate on applicable Outstanding Notes was 10 per annum. All Outstanding Notes are secured by a first-ranking security interest against all of the Company s assets, including the shares of Viking owned by the Company. Viking has also guaranteed the Company s obligations under the Outstanding Notes. Discover previously had the right to convert all or a portion of the amounts owing under the Outstanding Notes into shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed conversion price, but pursuant to an Agreement signed by Discover and the Company on or about November 3, 2022, Discover waived all of such conversion entitlements. 13 Table of Contents Further Particulars of Promissory Notes Security Agreements Further particulars regarding the various Promissory Notes and associated Security Agreements are set out below. Prior to December 24, 2021, all applicable Outstanding Notes accrued interest at the rate of 10 per annum after which the interest rate was reduced to 3.25 per annum pursuant to applicable amending agreements signed on December 24, 2021 between the Company and Discover regarding each Outstanding Note; however the interest rate increases to the highest non-usurious rate of interest allowed under applicable law upon the occurrence of an event of default, which interest is due on the maturity date, which maturity date is the earlier of (a) January 1, 2027; and (b) the date a change of control of the Company occurs, which includes any person becoming the beneficial owner of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company (a Change in Ownership ), or the approval of (1) a plan of complete liquidation, (2) an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Company s assets, or (3) a merger (other than a merger for purposes of redomiciling the Company), consolidation, or reorganization of the Company, which would result in a Change in Ownership, provided that the closing of the Merger will not trigger a change of control (or Change in Ownership). All Outstanding Notes includes customary events of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, Discover has the right to accelerate the full amount of the Outstanding Notes and all interest thereon, to enforce its rights under the applicable Security Agreements (defined below), and take other actions allowed under applicable law. Payment of the Outstanding Notes and performance of the Company s obligations thereunder is required to be guaranteed by all subsidiaries or entities controlled or owned by the Company, or which may be owned after the date of the Outstanding Notes. The Outstanding Notes may be assigned by Discover subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. The Company may prepay the Outstanding Notes at any time. The payment of amounts due under the December 11 th Investor Note is secured by the terms of the following agreements entered into by the Company in favor of Discover on December 11, 2020: (i) a Security Agreement; and (ii) a Security Pledge Agreement. The payment of amounts due under the December 22 nd Investor Note is secured by the terms of the following agreements entered into by the Company in favor of Discover on December 22, 2020: (i) a Security Agreement; and (ii) a Security Pledge Agreement. The payment of amounts due under the April 23 rd Investor Note is secured by the terms of the following agreements entered into by the Company in favor of Discover on April 23, 2021: (i) a Security Agreement; and (ii) a Security Pledge Agreement. The payment of amounts due under the December 24, 2021 Investor Note is secured by the terms of the following agreements entered into by the Company in favor of Discover on December 24, 2021: (i) a Security Agreement; and (ii) a Security Pledge Agreement. Each of the above-noted Security Agreements provides Discover a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets, and if an event of default occurs under any of the Outstanding Notes Discover can enforce its rights under any or all of the Security Agreements and foreclose on our assets in order to satisfy amounts owed thereunder. Pursuant to the above-noted Security Pledge Agreements, the Company granted Discover a first-priority security interest in the shares of common stock of Viking owned by the Company and the Company s other assets. 14 Table of Contents Other Agreements with Discover and/or Antilles in 2022: April, 2022 The Certificates of Designations with respect to the Company s Series C Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock (collectively, the CODs and/or the Stock Purchase Agreements regarding the sale of such Series C Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock (collectively, the SPA s ), contain covenants requiring the Company to timely file all reports required to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Exchange Act (the Filing Requirement ). Throughout 2021 and early 2022, the Company did not satisfy the Filing Requirement and, consequently, on or about March 9, 2022, the preferred stock holders, Discover and Antilles, filed a Verified Complaint against the Company (the Discover/Antilles Complaint as a result of the default by the Company under the CODs. A default under the CODs and/or SPA s is also considered an event of default under each of the Outstanding Notes, and upon an event of default under the Outstanding Notes, Discover may, at its option, declare the principal and any and all interest then accrued thereon, at once due and payable, and exercise any other rights under applicable agreements. Discover did not exercise its right to declare the amount owing under the Outstanding Notes immediately due and payable, but Failure by Discover to exercise such right does not constitute a waiver of the right to exercise the same in the event of any subsequent default. As of April 18, 2022, Discover, Antilles and the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement to settle the Discover/Antilles Complaint, and the Settlement Agreement was approved by the Court on or about May 12, 2022. If the Company fails to satisfy future Filing Requirements, it would be considered a default under the CODs and SPA s, which in turn would constitute an event of default under the Outstanding Notes. October, 2022 On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into two agreements (collectively, the Agreements ), one with Discover and the other with Antilles, in relation to an amendment to the fifth amended and restated certificate of designations regarding the Company s Series C Preferred Stock (the COD as an accommodation to the Company and in order to help facilitate implementation of the Company s business plans and continued trading on the NYSE American LLC, and in exchange for the release and indemnity as provided in the Agreements. On October 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the COD (the Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), pursuant to the Agreements, which amended the COD such that (i) beginning on the Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of the Company s common stock Common Stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least 1.50 and each Investor waived the right to receive any additional shares of Common Stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Agreement Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and (ii) (A) beginning on the Amendment Date and for the period through December 30, 2022, the Measuring Metric will be the higher of the amount provided in Section I.G.7.1(ii) of the COD and 0.20, and (B) beginning at market close on December 30, 2022 and thereafter, the Measuring Metric will be the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock on any day of trading following the date of first issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. November, 2022 On November 3, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement (the Agreement with Discover, pursuant to which Discover absolutely and unconditionally waived and released any and all rights to receive further or additional shares of the Company s common stock (the Conversion Shares with respect to any and all shares of Series C Preferred Stock previously converted by Discover including, but not limited to, the right to deliver additional notices for more Conversion Shares under the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 8, 2021, as amended on October 28, 2022. Discover also absolutely and unconditionally waived and released any and all rights to convert all or any part of any Outstanding Notes previously executed by the Company in favor of Discover into shares of the Company s common stock, and agreed not to convert or attempt to convert any portion of any Outstanding Notes, at any particular price or at all. 15 Table of Contents Series C Preferred Stock Corrections and Amendments On December 14, 2020, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the sole holder of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed a certificate of corrections with the Secretary of State of Nevada to correct the original designation of the Series C Preferred Stock and the first amended and restated designation thereof, to correct certain errors which were identified in such designations, which failed to clarify, in error, that (A) the failure of any holder of Series C Preferred Stock to receive the number of shares of common stock due upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock within five trading days of any conversion notice, and any halt or suspension of trading of the Company s common stock on its then applicable trading market or by any U.S. governmental agency, for 10 or more consecutive trading days, should not have been deemed liquidation events under the Series C Preferred Stock designation, unless such events were due to the occurrence of an event that is solely within the control of the Company; (B) the Company was not required to redeem any shares of Series C Preferred Stock for cash solely because the Company does not have sufficient authorized but unissued shares of common stock to issue upon receipt of a notice of conversion or upon a maturity conversion (where the remaining shares of Series C Preferred Stock convert into common stock of the Company automatically on the seven year anniversary date of the Series C Preferred Stock)(a Maturity Conversion and (C) that a Maturity Conversion is only required to occur to the extent that the Company has sufficient authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance upon conversion in connection therewith. The corrections were made solely to match the agreements to the original intent of the parties. The parties determined the corrections were needed because without such corrections, under ASC 480- 10- S99-3A5 and ASC 480-10-S99-3A3(f), the non-corrected designations required the Series C Preferred Stock to be classified as temporary equity due to the foregoing events being outside the Company s control. However, the corrections failed to remove all redemption provisions that were outside the control of the Company. Therefore, the Series C Preferred Stock remained in temporary equity. The embedded conversion meets the requirements to be considered a derivative liability as stipulated under ASC 815-40-25, under an assessment of the conversion premium as a freestanding instrument. The corrections were effective as of the original filing dates with the Secretary of State of Nevada of the Company s original Series C Preferred Stock designation (August 25, 2016) and the Company s first amended and restated Series C Preferred Stock designation (July 8, 2019), subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes. Also on December 14, 2020, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the sole holder of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed a second amended and restated designation of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada which was effective upon filing (the Second Amended and Restated Designation ), which amended the first amended and restated designation of the Series C Preferred Stock (as corrected), to include the right of the Company to redeem all (but not less than all) of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a redemption price equal to 110 of the face value of such preferred stock 10,000 per share), at the Company s option, at any time, in the event the Company is not in default of any of the terms of any Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to which such applicable shares of Series C Preferred Stock were sold; (b) formally amend the measurement period for the calculation of the conversion premiums (the Measurement Period due under the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock to begin on the later of February 3, 2020 or, if no trigger event (as described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock) has occurred, 30 trading days, and if a trigger event has occurred 60 trading days, before the date of an applicable conversion notice, which had previously been agreed to contractually by the parties (i.e., the beginning of each future measurement period for conversions made after February 3, 2020, will extend back to February 3, 2020); and (c) update the references in the designation to the Mer g er which had previously referred to the Company s combination with Lineal Star Holdings, LLC, which transaction was rescinded and terminated effective December 31, 2019, to refer to the planned merger with Viking, which has the effect of the Viking merger being approved by the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock and not being a deemed liquidation event under the Second Amended and Restated Designation. On April 14, 2021, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed a certificate of correction with the Secretary of State of Nevada to correct the original designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, the first amended and restated designation, and the second amended and restated designation thereof to correct certain errors which were identified in such designations, which failed to clarify, in error, that (A) Section I.D.2(e) of the original Certificate of Designation (the Designation implicitly excluded as Deemed Liquidation Event, an event or proposal that was initiated by or voted upon by the holder of the Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares ), and the Designation has been clarified to expressly exclude such occurrence, (B) Section I.F.4 of the Designation failed to include language to clarify the Corporation is not obligated to redeem the Preferred Shares for cash for any reason that is not solely within the control of the Corporation, (C) Section 1.G.1 of the Designation mistakenly included two subsection b s where only one was intended, and the unintended subsection b. has been removed, (D) Section I.G.1(e) of the Designation failed to include language to clarify that the Corporation not having sufficient authorized but unissued shares, solely within the control of the Corporation and excluding any event that is not solely within the control of the Corporation, is not a reason that would otherwise trigger the obligations in such section, (E) Sections I.G.1(f) and (g) of the Designation failed to include language to clarify the particular obligations apply only if the Corporation has sufficient authorized and unissued shares, (F) Section I.G.7.e of the Designation mistakenly referenced the incorrect Conversion Price, (G) Section 1.G.9 of the Designation failed to include language to clarify the maximum number of common shares that could be potentially issuable with respect to all conversions and other events that are not solely within the control of the Corporation, that the Dividend Maturity Date is to be indefinitely extended and suspended until sufficient authorized and unissued shares become available, the number of shares required to settle the excess obligation is fixed on the date that net share settlement occurs and that all provisions of the Designation are to be interpreted so that net share settlement is within the control of the Corporation. 16 Table of Contents The corrections were effective as of the original filing dates with the Secretary of State of Nevada of the Company s original Series C Preferred Stock designation (August 25, 2016) and the Company s first amended and restated Series C Preferred Stock designation (July 8, 2019), and the Company s second amended and restated Series C Preferred Stock designation (December 14, 2020), subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes. On April 20, 2021, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed a third amended and restated designation of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada (the Third Amended and Restated Designation ), which amended the Designations to state that dividends and conversion premiums will only be paid in shares of Company common stock, and state that redemption amounts will only be paid in shares of Company common stock. On July 10, 2021, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company and the holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed an amendment to its designation of its Series C Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada (the Fourth Amended and Restated Designation ), solely to increase the number of preferred shares designated as Series C Preferred Stock from 5,000 to 5,200. On November 8, 2021, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada a Fifth Amended and Restated Designation regarding its Series C Preferred Stock which amended the Designations to provide voting rights to holders of the Series C Preferred Stock as required by the October 2021 Agreements (as defined herein). On October 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the COD (the Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), pursuant to agreements between the Company and each of Discover and Antilles signed on October 28, 2022, which amended the COD such that (i) beginning on the Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of the Company s common stock Common Stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least 1.50 and each Investor waived the right to receive any additional shares of Common Stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Agreement Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and (ii) (A) beginning on the Amendment Date and for the period through December 30, 2022, the Measuring Metric will be the higher of the amount provided in Section I.G.7.1(ii) of the COD and 0.20, and (B) beginning at market close on December 30, 2022 and thereafter, the Measuring Metric will be the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock on any day of trading following the date of first issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. Amendments to Articles Regarding Common Shares Effective on April 16, 2020, with the approval of the Company s stockholders at its April 16, 2020 special meeting of stockholders, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase its authorized shares of common stock to 25 million shares of common stock. Effective on February 23. 2021, with the approval of the Company s stockholders at its February 23, 2021 special meeting of stockholders, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase its authorized shares of common stock to 250 million shares of common stock. 17 Table of Contents On December 30, 2021, the Company filed an amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation to effect a proposal approved at a Special Meeting of Stockholders on December 30, 2021 whereby the Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the Company's Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 250,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. Recent Reverse Stock Split and Amendments to Articles On December 14, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a one-for-fifty (1-for-50) reverse stock split of the Company s (a) authorized shares of common stock; and (b) issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 12:01 a.m. Central Standard Time on December 21, 2022, and was reflected with the NYSE American and in the marketplace at the open of business on December 21, 2022 (the Effective Date ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each of the holders of the Company s Common Stock received one (1) new share of Common Stock for every fifty (50) shares such shareholder held immediately prior. No fractional shares were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded up to the next whole number of shares. The Reverse Stock Split decreased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 1,000,000,000 to 20,000,000. The Reverse Stock Split also affected the Company s outstanding stock options, warrants and other exercisable or convertible instruments and resulted in the shares underlying such instruments being reduced and the exercise price being increased proportionately to the Reverse Stock Split ratio. All share and per share data have been retroactively restated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes for all periods presented to reflect the effects of the Reverse Stock Split as if it had taken place as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. Industry Segments For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our operations were all crude oil and natural gas exploration and production. Regulation Our operations are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state and local levels. These regulations include requiring permits for the drilling of wells; maintaining hazard prevention, health and safety plans; submitting notification and receiving permits related to the presence, use and release of certain materials incidental to oil and natural gas operations; and regulating the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the use, transportation, storage and disposal of fluids and materials used in connection with drilling and production activities, surface plugging and abandonment of wells and the transporting of production. Our operations are also subject to various conservation matters, including the number of wells which may be drilled in a unit and the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties. In this regard, some states allow the forced pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate exploration, while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases, which may make it more difficult to develop oil and gas properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, generally limiting the venting or flaring of natural gas, and impose certain requirements regarding the ratable purchase of production. The effect of these regulations is to possibly limit the amounts of oil and natural gas we can produce from our wells and to limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. In the United States, legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry has been pervasive and is under constant review for amendment or expansion. Pursuant to such legislation, numerous federal, state and local departments and agencies issue recommended new and extensive rules and regulations binding on the oil and natural gas industry, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. These laws and regulations have a significant impact on oil and natural gas drilling, natural gas processing plants and production activities, increasing the cost of doing business and, consequently, affect profitability. Insomuch as new legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is common-place and existing laws and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted, we may be unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with these laws and regulations. We consider the cost of environmental protection a necessary and manageable part of our business. We have historically been able to plan for and comply with new environmental initiatives without materially altering our operating strategies. 18 Table of Contents Insurance Matters We maintain insurance coverage which we believe is reasonable per the standards of the oil and natural gas industry. It is common for companies in these industries to not insure fully against all risks associated with their operations either because such insurance is unavailable or because premium costs are considered prohibitive. A material loss not fully covered by insurance could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We maintain insurance at industry customary levels to limit our financial exposure in the event of a substantial environmental claim resulting from sudden, unanticipated and accidental discharges of certain prohibited substances into the environment. Such insurance might not cover the complete amount of such a claim and would not cover fines or penalties for a violation of an environmental law. Other Matters Environmental . Our exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas, including our operation of saltwater injection and disposal wells, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations can increase the costs of planning, designing, installing and operating oil, natural gas, and disposal wells. Our domestic activities are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA ), the Clean Water Act CWA ), the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), the Clean Air Act CAA ), and the Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA ), as well as state regulations promulgated under comparable state statutes. We are also subject to regulations governing the handling, transportation, storage, and disposal of naturally occurring radioactive materials that are found in our oil and gas operations. Civil and criminal fines and penalties may be imposed for non-compliance with these environmental laws and regulations. Additionally, these laws and regulations require the acquisition of permits or other governmental authorizations before undertaking certain activities, limit or prohibit other activities because of protected areas or species, and impose substantial liabilities for cleanup of pollution. Under the OPA, a release of oil into water or other areas designated by the statute could result in us being held responsible for the costs of remediating such a release, certain OPA specified damages, and natural resource damages. The extent of that liability could be extensive, as set forth in the statute, depending on the nature of the release. A release of oil in harmful quantities or other materials into water or other specified areas could also result in us being held responsible under the CWA for the costs of remediation, and civil and criminal fines and penalties. CERCLA and comparable state statutes, also known as Superfund laws, can impose joint and several and retroactive liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. In practice, cleanup costs are usually allocated among various responsible parties. Potentially liable parties include site owners or operators, past owners or operators under certain conditions, and entities that arrange for the disposal or treatment of, or transport hazardous substances found at the site. Although CERCLA, as amended, currently exempts petroleum, including but not limited to, crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, from the definition of hazardous substance, our operations may involve the use or handling of other materials that may be classified as hazardous substances under CERCLA. Furthermore, the exemption may not be preserved in future amendments of the act, if any. RCRA and comparable state and local requirements impose standards for the management, including treatment, storage, and disposal, of both hazardous and non- hazardous solid wastes. We generate hazardous and non-hazardous solid waste in connection with our routine operations. From time to time, proposals have been made that would reclassify certain oil and natural gas wastes, including wastes generated during drilling, production and pipeline operations, as hazardous wastes under RCRA, which would make such solid wastes subject to much more stringent handling, transportation, storage, disposal, and clean-up requirements. This development could have a significant impact on our operating costs. While state laws vary on this issue, state initiatives to further regulate oil and natural gas wastes could have a similar impact. Because oil and natural gas exploration and production, and possibly other activities, have been conducted at some of our properties by previous owners and operators, materials from these operations remain on some of the properties and in some instances, require remediation. In addition, in certain instances, we have agreed to indemnify sellers of producing properties from which we have acquired reserves against certain liabilities for environmental claims associated with such properties. While we do not believe that costs to be incurred by us for compliance and remediating previously or currently owned or operated properties will be material, there can be no guarantee that such costs will not result in material expenditures. 19 Table of Contents Additionally, in the course of our routine oil and natural gas operations, surface spills and leaks, including casing leaks, of oil or other materials occur, and we incur costs for waste handling and environmental compliance. Moreover, we are able to control directly the operations of only those wells for which we act as the operator. Management believes that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. In response to liabilities associated with these activities, accruals are established when reasonable estimates are possible. Such accruals would primarily include estimated costs associated with remediation. We have used discounting to present value in determining our accrued liabilities for environmental remediation or well closure, but no material claims for possible recovery from third party insurers or other parties related to environmental costs have been recognized in our financial statements. We adjust the accruals when new remediation responsibilities are discovered and probable costs become estimable, or when current remediation estimates must be adjusted to reflect new information. We do not anticipate being required in the near future to expend amounts that are material in relation to our total capital expenditures program by reason of environmental laws and regulations, but inasmuch as such laws and regulations are frequently changed, we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance. More stringent laws and regulations protecting the environment may be adopted in the future and we may incur material expenses in connection with environmental laws and regulations in the future. Occupational Health and Safety . We are also subject to laws and regulations concerning occupational safety and health. Due to the continued changes in these laws and regulations, and the judicial construction of many of them, we are unable to predict with any reasonable degree of certainty our future costs of complying with these laws and regulations. We consider the cost of safety and health compliance a necessary and manageable part of our business. We have been able to plan for and comply with new initiatives without materially altering our operating strategies. Hydraulic Fracturing . Vast quantities of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil deposits exist in deep shale and other unconventional formations. It is customary in our industry to recover these resources through the use of hydraulic fracturing, combined with horizontal drilling. Hydraulic fracturing is the process of creating or expanding cracks, or fractures, in deep underground formations using water, sand and other additives pumped under high pressure into the formation. As with the rest of the industry, we use hydraulic fracturing as a means to increase the productivity of almost every well that we drill and complete. These formations are generally geologically separated and isolated from fresh ground water supplies by thousands of feet of impermeable rock layers. We follow applicable legal requirements for groundwater protection in our operations that are subject to supervision by state and federal regulators (including the Bureau of Land Management BLM on federal acreage). Furthermore, our well construction practices require the installation of multiple layers of protective steel casing surrounded by cement that are specifically designed and installed to protect freshwater aquifers by preventing the migration of fracturing fluids into aquifers. Injection rates and pressures are required to be monitored in real time at the surface during our hydraulic fracturing operations. Pressure is required to be monitored on both the injection string and the immediate annulus to the injection string. Hydraulic fracturing operations are required to be shut down if an abrupt change occurs to the injection pressure or annular pressure. These aspects of hydraulic fracturing operations are designed to prevent a pathway for the fracturing fluid to contact any aquifers during the hydraulic fracturing operations. Hydraulic fracture stimulation requires the use of water. We use fresh water or recycled produced water in our fracturing treatments in accordance with applicable water management plans and laws. Several proposals have previously been presented to the U.S. Congress that, if implemented, would either prohibit or restrict the practice of hydraulic fracturing or subject the process to regulation under the Safe Drinking Water Act. Several states have previously considered, or are currently considering, legislation to regulate hydraulic fracturing practices that could impose more stringent permitting, transparency, and well construction requirements on hydraulic-fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing activities altogether. Hydraulic fracturing of wells and subsurface water disposal are also under public and governmental scrutiny due to potential environmental and physical impacts, including possible contamination of groundwater and drinking water and possible links to earthquakes. In addition, some municipalities have significantly limited or prohibited drilling activities and/or hydraulic fracturing, or are considering doing so. 20 Table of Contents Restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could make it prohibitive to conduct our operations, and also reduce the amount of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas that we are ultimately able to produce in commercial quantities from our properties. The Endangered Species Act . The Endangered Species Act ESA restricts activities that may affect areas that contain endangered or threatened species or their habitats. While some of our assets and lease acreage may be located in areas that are designated as habitats for endangered or threatened species, we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the ESA. However, the designation of previously unidentified endangered or threatened species in areas where we intend to conduct construction activity could materially limit or delay our plans. Global Warming and Climate Change . Various state governments and regional organizations are considering enacting new legislation and promulgating new regulations governing or restricting the emission of greenhouse gases from stationary sources such as our equipment and operations. Legislative and regulatory proposals for restricting greenhouse gas emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us to incur additional operating costs and could adversely affect demand for the natural gas and oil that we sell. The potential increase in our operating costs could include new or increased costs to obtain permits, operate and maintain our equipment and facilities, install new emission controls on our equipment and facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. Taxation . Our operations, as is the case in the petroleum industry generally, are significantly affected by federal tax laws. Federal, as well as state, tax laws have many provisions applicable to corporations which could affect our future tax liabilities. Commitments and Contingencies . We are liable for future restoration and abandonment costs associated with our oil and gas properties. These costs include future site restoration, post closure and other environmental exit costs. The costs of future restoration and well abandonment have not been determined in detail. State regulations require operators to post bonds that assure that well sites will be properly plugged and abandoned. We currently operate only in Texas, which requires a security bond based on the number of wells we operate. Management views this as a necessary requirement for operations and does not believe that these costs will have a material adverse effect on our financial position as a result of this requirement. Employees The Company does not have any fulltime employees, but continues to retain outside consultants as needed, involved in business development, business analysis, financial consulting, web programming and designing, execution and support of the Company s business. Reports to Securities Holders The Company provides its annual report that includes its audited financial information to its shareholders upon written request. The Company also makes its financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules of the Exchange Act. The Company is subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10-K s annually and Form 10-Q s quarterly. In addition, the Company files Form 8-K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. The public may read and copy any materials that the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 21 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Our business and operations are subject to many risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained herein, including the financial statements and the related notes. Please read Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this filing, where we describe additional uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this filing. Our securities should only be purchased by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment in us. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this filing before deciding to become a holder of our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business and financial results could be negatively affected to a significant extent. Lineal owes us a substantial amount of money which may not be timely repaid, if at all. Pursuant to a December 31, 2019 Redemption Agreement entered into between us and the prior owners of Lineal, we entered into a new unsecured promissory note in the amount of 1,539,719 with Lineal, evidencing the outstanding amount of a prior July 2019 promissory note, together with additional amounts loaned by us to Lineal through December 31, 2019 (the December 2019 Lineal Note and loaned Lineal an additional 800,000, which was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note in the amount of 800,000, entered into by Lineal in favor of Camber on December 31, 2019 Lineal Note No. 2 ). The December 2019 Lineal Note and Lineal Note No. 2, accrue interest, payable quarterly in arrears, beginning on March 31, 2020 and continuing until December 31, 2021, when all interest and principal is due, at 8 and 10 per annum (18 upon the occurrence of an event of default), respectively. The December 2019 Lineal Note and Lineal Note No. 2 are unsecured. Due to the impact of COVID-19 on its operations, Lineal notified the Company that it currently has insufficient liquidity to make scheduled interest payments due under the notes. As of December 31, 2022, Lineal is in arrears for interest due since July 1, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has fully reserved the note receivable and all accrued, but unpaid interest in its allowance for bad debts. Our Business and operations may be adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic or other similar outbreaks. As a result of the recent COVID-19 outbreak or other adverse public health developments, including voluntary and mandatory quarantines, travel restrictions and other restrictions, our operations, and those of our subcontractors, customers and suppliers, have and may continue to experience delays or disruptions and temporary suspensions of operations. In addition, our financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The timeline and potential magnitude of the COVID-19 outbreak is currently unknown. The continuation or amplification of this virus could continue to more broadly affect the United States and global economy, including our business and operations, and the demand for oil and gas (as it has already). For example, a significant outbreak of coronavirus or other contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect our operating results. In addition, the effects of COVID-19 and concerns regarding its global spread have recently negatively impacted the domestic and international demand for crude oil and natural gas, which has contributed to price volatility, impacted the price we receive for oil and natural gas and materially and adversely affected the demand for and marketability of our production. As the potential impact from COVID-19 is difficult to predict, the extent to which it may negatively affect our operating results or the duration of any potential business disruption is uncertain. Any impact will depend on future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the severity and duration of COVID-19 and the actions taken by authorities to contain it or treat its impact, all of which are beyond our control. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, COVID-19 and the measures being taken to address and limit the spread of the virus have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, global demand and prices for crude oil and NGLs. If the COVID-19 outbreak should continue or worsen, we may also experience disruptions to commodities markets, equipment supply chains and the availability of personnel, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations. There are still too many variables and uncertainties regarding the COVID-19 pandemic - including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the duration and severity of the outbreak and the extent of travel restrictions and business closures imposed in affected countries - to fully assess the potential impact on our business and operations. 22 Table of Contents We may have difficulty managing growth in our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to execute our business plan in a timely fashion. Because of our small size, growth in accordance with our business plans, if achieved, will place a significant strain on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. If we expand our activities, developments and production, and increases in the number of projects we are evaluating or in which we participate, there will be additional demands on our financial, technical and management resources. The failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating and financial control systems or the occurrence of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the inability to recruit and retain experienced managers, geoscientists, petroleum engineers, landmen, engineers and employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to execute our business plan in a timely fashion. We depend significantly upon the continued involvement of our present management. We depend to a significant degree upon the involvement of our management, specifically, our Chief Executive Officer, James G. Doris, and our Chief Financial Officer, Frank Barker, who were appointed on December 23, 2020 concurrent with the Acquisition. Mr. Doris is in charge of our strategic planning and operations. Our performance and success are dependent to a large extent on the efforts and continued employment of Mr. Doris and Mr. Barker. We do not believe that Mr. Doris or Mr. Barker could be quickly replaced with personnel of equal experience and capabilities, and their successor(s) may not be as effective. If Mr. Doris, Mr. Barker, or any of our other key personnel resign or become unable to continue in their present roles and if they are not adequately replaced, our business operations could be adversely affected. We also have an active Board of Directors that meets several times throughout the year and is intimately involved in its business and the determination of our operational strategies. Members of our Board of Directors work closely with management to identify potential prospects, acquisitions and areas for further development. If any of our directors resign or become unable to continue in their present role, it may be difficult to find replacements with the same knowledge and experience and as a result, our operations may be adversely affected. Future increases in our tax obligations; either due to increases in taxes on energy products, energy service companies and exploration activities or reductions in currently available federal income tax deductions with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and development, may adversely affect our results of operations and increase our operating expenses. Federal, state and local governments have jurisdiction in areas where we operate and impose taxes on the oil and natural gas products we sell. There are constant discussions by federal, state and local officials concerning a variety of energy tax proposals, some of which, if passed, would add or increase taxes on energy products, service companies and exploration activities. The passage of any legislation or any other changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could impact or increase the taxes that we are required to pay and consequently adversely affect our results of operations and/or increase our operating expenses. 23 Table of Contents Because of the inherent dangers involved in oil and gas exploration, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages for our conduct or our business operations, which could force us to expend a substantial amount of money in connection with litigation and/or a settlement. The oil and natural gas business involve a variety of operating hazards and risks such as well blowouts, pipe failures, casing collapse, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, fires, spills, pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks. These hazards and risks could result in substantial losses to us from, among other things, injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, cleanup responsibilities, regulatory investigation and penalties and suspension of operations. In addition, we may be liable for environmental damages caused by previous owners of property purchased and leased by us in the future. As a result, substantial liabilities to third parties or governmental entities may be incurred, the payment of which could reduce or eliminate the funds available for the purchase of properties and/or property interests, exploration, development or acquisitions or result in the loss of our properties and/or force us to expend substantial monies in connection with litigation or settlements. As such, our current insurance or the insurance that we may obtain in the future may not be adequate to cover any losses or liabilities. We cannot predict the availability of insurance or the availability of insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. The occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operations. We may elect to self-insure if management believes that the cost of insurance, although available, is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. The occurrence of an event not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which could lead to any investment in us declining in value or becoming worthless. We incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future. Our operations are regulated extensively at the federal, state and local levels and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental or other considerations. Moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, safety and other regulations. Further, the regulatory environment in the oil and natural gas industry could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Specifically, as an owner or lessee and operator of crude oil and natural gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. These regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. Moreover, we are subject to the United States U.S. EPA rule requiring annual reporting of greenhouse gas GHG emissions. Changes in, or additions to, these regulations could lead to increased operating and compliance costs and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are aware of the increasing focus of local, state, national and international regulatory bodies on GHG emissions and climate change issues. In addition to the U.S. EPA s rule requiring annual reporting of GHG emissions, we are also aware of legislation proposed by U.S. lawmakers to reduce GHG emissions. Additionally, there have been various proposals to regulate hydraulic fracturing at the federal level, including possible regulations limiting the ability to dispose of produced waters. Currently, the regulation of hydraulic fracturing is primarily conducted at the state level through permitting and other compliance requirements. Any new federal regulations that may be imposed on hydraulic fracturing could result in additional permitting and disclosure requirements (such as the reporting and public disclosure of the chemical additives used in the fracturing process) and in additional operating restrictions. In addition to the possible federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing, some states and local governments have considered imposing various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completion operations, including requirements regarding casing and cementing of wells, testing of nearby water wells, restrictions on the access to and usage of water and restrictions on the type of chemical additives that may be used in hydraulic fracturing operations. Such federal and state permitting and disclosure requirements and operating restrictions and conditions could lead to operational delays and increased operating and compliance costs and, moreover, could delay or effectively prevent the development of crude oil and natural gas from formations which would not be economically viable without the use of hydraulic fracturing. We will continue to monitor and assess any new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. We are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws, regulations or treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 24 Table of Contents Possible regulation related to global warming and climate change could have an adverse effect on our operations and demand for oil and gas. Studies over recent years have indicated that emissions of certain gases may be contributing to warming of the Earth s atmosphere. In response to these studies, governments have begun adopting domestic and international climate change regulations that require reporting and reductions of the emission of greenhouse gases. Methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a by-product of the burning of oil, natural gas and refined petroleum products, are considered greenhouse gases. In the United States, at the state level, many states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun implementing legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade programs or have begun considering adopting greenhouse gas regulatory programs. At the federal level, Congress has considered legislation that could establish a cap-and-trade system for restricting greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. The ultimate outcome of this federal legislative initiative remains uncertain. In addition to pending climate legislation, the EPA has issued greenhouse gas monitoring and reporting regulations. Beyond measuring and reporting, the EPA issued an Endan g erment Finding under section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act, concluding that greenhouse gas pollution threatens the public health and welfare of current and future generations. The finding served as a first step to issuing regulations that require permits for and reductions in greenhouse gas emissions for certain facilities. Moreover, the EPA has begun regulating greenhouse gas emission from certain facilities pursuant to the Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V provisions of the Clean Air Act. In the courts, several decisions have been issued that may increase the risk of claims being filed by government entities and private parties against companies that have significant greenhouse gas emissions. Such cases may seek to challenge air emissions permits that greenhouse gas emitters apply for and seek to force emitters to reduce their emissions or seek damages for alleged climate change impacts to the environment, people, and property. Any existing or future laws or regulations that restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could require us to incur increased operating and compliance costs. In addition, such laws and regulations may adversely affect demand for the fossil fuels we produce, including by increasing the cost of combusting fossil fuels and by creating incentives for the use of alternative fuels and energy. Our officers and directors have limited liability, and we are required in certain instances to indemnify our officers and directors for breaches of their fiduciary duties. We have adopted provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws which limit the liability of our officers and directors and provide for indemnification by us of our officers and directors to the full extent permitted by Nevada corporate law. Our articles generally provide that our officers and directors shall have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for breaches of their duties of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law, acts involving unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions, or any transaction from which a director derives an improper personal benefit. Such provisions substantially limit our stockholders ability to hold officers and directors liable for breaches of fiduciary duty, and may require us to indemnify our officers and directors. We currently have outstanding indebtedness and we may incur additional indebtedness which could reduce our financial flexibility, increase interest expense and adversely impact our operations in the future. We currently have outstanding indebtedness and, in the future, may incur significant amounts of additional indebtedness in order to make acquisitions or to develop properties. Our level of indebtedness could affect our operations in several ways, including the following: a significant portion of our cash flows could be used to service our indebtedness; a high level of debt would increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; any covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness could limit our ability to borrow additional funds; dispose of assets, pay dividends and make certain investments; a high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, they may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness may prevent us from pursuing; and debt covenants to which we may agree may affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in its industry. 25 Table of Contents A high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the principal or interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing, we may have to sell significant assets or have a portion of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience adverse impacts on our reported results of operations as a result of adopting new accounting standards or interpretations. Our implementation of and compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and interpretations, could adversely affect our reported financial position or operating results or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating results in future periods. We have identified material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. Maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. As reported under Part II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , as of December 31, 2022, our CEO and CFO have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, and such disclosure controls and procedures have not been deemed effective since approximately September 30, 2017. Separately, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and determined that such internal control over financial reporting was not effective as a result of such assessment. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements and the Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses in such controls as promptly as possible. However, there can be no assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock, and/or result in litigation against us or our management. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements or our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 26 Table of Contents Risks Relatin g to Our Oil and Gas Operations and Industry We are subject to production declines and loss of revenue due to shut-in wells. The majority of our oil and gas production revenues come from a number of producing wells. In the event those wells are required to be shut-in (as they were for various periods in the past), our production and revenue could be adversely affected. Our wells are shut-in from time-to-time for maintenance, workovers, upgrades and other matters outside of our control, including repairs, adverse weather (including hurricanes, flooding and tropical storms), inability to dispose of produced water or other regulatory and market conditions. Any significant period where our wells, and especially our top producing wells, are shut-in, would have a material adverse effect on our results of production, oil and gas revenues and net income or loss for the applicable period. However, notwithstanding the above, Camber s management believes that Camber s non-operated properties will be immaterial to the combined company following the merger and following the merger the combined company s management will determine what course to take regarding such combined company assets, including Camber s non-operated properties. Many of our leases are in areas that have been partially depleted or drained by offset wells. Many of our leases are in areas that have been partially depleted or drained by offset drilling. Interference from offset drilling may inhibit our ability to find or recover commercial quantities of oil and/or may result in an acceleration in the decline in production of our wells, which may in turn have an adverse effect on our recovered barrels of oil and consequently our results of operations. Crude oil and natural gas prices are highly volatile in general and low prices will negatively affect our financial results. Our oil and gas revenues, operating results, profitability, cash flow, future rate of growth and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional capital, as well as the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties, are substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of crude oil and natural gas. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices also may reduce the amount of crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. Historically, the markets for crude oil and natural gas have been very volatile, and such markets are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. Prices for oil and natural gas fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors beyond our control, such as: overall U.S. and global economic conditions; weather conditions and natural disasters; seasonal variations in oil and natural gas prices; price and availability of alternative fuels; technological advances affecting oil and natural gas production and consumption; consumer demand; domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; variations in levels of production; regional price differentials and quality differentials of oil and natural gas; price and quantity of foreign imports of oil, NGLs, and natural gas; global pandemics and epidemics, such as COVID-19; the completion of large domestic or international exploration and production projects; restrictions on exportation of oil and natural gas; the availability of refining capacity; the impact of energy conservation efforts; political conditions in or affecting other oil producing and natural gas producing countries, including the current conflicts in the Middle East and conditions in South America and Russia; and domestic and foreign governmental regulations, actions and taxes. 27 Table of Contents Further, oil and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relation to each other. Our revenue, profitability, and cash flow depend upon the prices of supply and demand for oil and natural gas, and a drop in prices can significantly affect our financial results and impede our growth. In particular, declines in commodity prices may: negatively impact the value of our reserves, because declines in oil and natural gas prices would reduce the value and amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically; reduce the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, and other corporate purposes; and limit Camber s ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. Downturns and volatility in global economies and commodity and credit markets have materially adversely affected our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations are materially adversely affected by the conditions of the global economies and the credit, commodities and stock markets. Among other things, we have recently been adversely impacted, and anticipate to continue to be adversely impacted, due to a global reduction in consumer demand for oil and gas, and consumer lack of access to sufficient capital to continue to operate their businesses or to operate them at prior levels. In addition, a decline in consumer confidence or changing patterns in the availability and use of disposable income by consumers can negatively affect the demand for oil and gas and as a result our results of operations. We face intense competition in connection with our oil and gas operations. We are in direct competition for properties with numerous oil and natural gas companies, drilling and income programs and partnerships exploring various areas of Texas and Oklahoma. Many competitors are large, well-known energy companies, although no single entity dominates the industry. Many of our competitors possess greater financial and personnel resources enabling them to identify and acquire more economically desirable energy producing properties and drilling prospects than us. Additionally, there is competition from other fuel choices to supply the energy needs of consumers and industry. Management believes that a viable marketplace exists for smaller producers of natural gas and crude oil. Our oil and gas competitors may use superior technology and data resources that we may be unable to afford or that would require a costly investment by us in order to compete with them more effectively. The oil and gas industry is subject to rapid and significant advancements in technology, including the introduction of new products and services using new technologies and databases. As our competitors use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. In addition, many of our competitors will have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement technologies on a timely basis or at a cost that is acceptable to us. One or more of the technologies that we will use or that we may implement in the future may become obsolete, and we may be adversely affected. 28 Table of Contents Restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate. Oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas can be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. Seasonal restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. Permanent restrictions imposed to protect endangered species could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. Specifically, applicable laws protecting endangered species prohibit the harming of endangered or threatened species, provide for habitat protection, and impose stringent penalties for noncompliance. The designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in areas where we operate could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations, delays, or prohibitions on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves. If we do not hedge our exposure to reductions in oil and natural gas prices, we may be subject to significant reductions in prices. Alternatively, we use oil and natural gas price hedging contracts, which involve credit risk and may limit future revenues from price increases and result in significant fluctuations in our profitability. In the event that we choose not to hedge our exposure to reductions in oil and natural gas prices by purchasing futures and by using other hedging strategies, we may be subject to significant reduction in prices which could have a material negative impact on our profitability. Alternatively, we use hedging transactions with respect to a portion of our oil and natural gas production to achieve more predictable cash flow and to reduce our exposure to price fluctuations. While the use of hedging transactions limits the downside risk of price declines, their use also may limit future revenues from price increases. Hedging transactions also involve the risk that the counterparty may be unable to satisfy its obligations. Declines in oil and, to a lesser extent, NGL and natural gas prices, have in the past, and will continue in the future to, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations may adversely affect our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations or targets and financial commitments. The price we receive for oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas and NGLs, heavily influences our revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, access to capital, present value and quality of reserves, the nature and scale of our operations and future rate of growth. Oil, NGL and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. In recent years, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile. These markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. Further, oil prices and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relation to each other. In general, our financial results are more sensitive to movements in oil prices. The price of crude oil has experienced significant volatility over the last five years, with the price per barrel of West Texas Intermediate WTI crude rising from a low of 27 in February 2016 to a high of 76 in October 2018, then, in 2020, dropping below 20 per barrel due in part to reduced global demand stemming from the recent global COVID-19 outbreak, provided that pricing has since increased to over 100 per barrel prior to the filing of this Report. A prolonged period of low market prices for oil and natural gas, or further declines in the market prices for oil and natural gas, will likely result in capital expenditures being further curtailed and will adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to meet obligations, targets or financial commitments and could ultimately lead to restructuring or filing for bankruptcy, which would have a material adverse effect on our stock price and indebtedness. 29 Table of Contents Our oil and gas operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Water is an essential component of deep shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or fracking processes. Our oil and gas operations and future operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to locate sufficient amounts of water or dispose of or recycle water used in our exploration and production operations. Currently, the quantity of water required in certain completion operations, such as hydraulic fracturing, and changing regulations governing usage may lead to water constraints and supply concerns (particularly in some parts of the country). As a result, future availability of water from certain sources used in the past may be limited. Moreover, the imposition of new environmental initiatives and conditions could include restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes associated with the exploration, development or production of oil and natural gas. The CWA and analogous state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other oil and natural gas waste, into navigable waters or other regulated federal and state waters. Permits or other approvals must be obtained to discharge pollutants to regulated waters and to conduct construction activities in such waters and wetlands. Uncertainty regarding regulatory jurisdiction over wetlands and other regulated waters has, and will continue to, complicate and increase the cost of obtaining such permits or other approvals. The CWA and analogous state laws provide for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for any unauthorized discharges of pollutants and unauthorized discharges of reportable quantities of oil and other hazardous substances. Many state discharge regulations, and the Federal National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System General permits issued by the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), prohibit the discharge of produced water and sand, drilling fluids, drill cuttings and certain other substances related to the oil and natural gas industry into coastal waters. While generally exempt under federal programs, many state agencies have also adopted regulations requiring certain oil and natural gas exploration and production facilities to obtain permits for storm water discharges. There has been recent nationwide concern over earthquakes associated with Class II underground injection control wells, a predominant storage method for crude oil and gas wastewater. It is likely that new rules and regulations will be developed to address these concerns, possibly eliminating access to Class II wells in certain locations, and increasing the cost of disposal in others. Finally, EPA studies have previously focused on various stages of water use in hydraulic fracturing operations. It is possible that, in the future, the EPA will move to more strictly regulate the use of water in hydraulic fracturing operations. While we cannot predict the impact that these changes may have on our business at this time, they may be material to our business, financial condition, and operations. Compliance with environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells or the disposal or recycling of water will increase our operating costs and may cause delays, interruptions or termination of our operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted. In addition, our inability to meet our water supply needs to conduct our completion operations may impact our business, and any such future laws and regulations could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we acquire crude oil and natural gas properties in the future, our failure to fully identify existing and potential problems, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas properties. Although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired in a manner that we believe is duly diligent and consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, and may not permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to fully assess their deficiencies and potential. Even when problems with a property are identified, we may assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements. Moreover, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil and natural gas reserves (as discussed further below), actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. Actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in our estimates. We may be unable to locate or make suitable acquisitions on acceptable terms and future acquisitions may not be effectively and profitably integrated. Acquisitions involve risks that could divert management resources and/or result in the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired operations. For the reasons above, among others, an acquisition may have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of the acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our ongoing operations. 30 Table of Contents If we make any acquisitions or enter into any business combinations in the future, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. If we make acquisitions or enter into any business combinations in the future, funding permitting, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired companies assets, personnel and operations with our own. Additionally, acquisitions, mergers or business combinations we may enter into in the future (other than the Merger) could result in a change of control of the Company, and a change in the Board of Directors or officers of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition or completing a business combination, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions and business combinations are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the following: the difficulty of integrating acquired companies, concepts and operations; the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; change in our business focus and/or management; difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; the potential impairment of relationships with employees and partners as a result of any integration of new management personnel; the potential inability to manage an increased number of locations and employees; our ability to successfully manage the companies and/or concepts acquired; the failure to realize efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; or the effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired. Our business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection with an acquisition or business combination, many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Any acquisition or business combination transaction we enter into in the future could cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders, result in one party having majority or significant control over the Company or result in a change in business focus of the Company. Our business is subject to extensive regulation. As many of our activities are subject to federal, state and local regulation, and as these rules are subject to constant change or amendment, our operations may be adversely affected by new or different government regulations, laws or court decisions applicable to our operations. Government regulation and liability for environmental matters may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Crude oil and natural gas operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulations, which may be changed from time to time. Matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. From time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of crude oil and natural gas wells below actual production capacity in order to conserve supplies of crude oil and natural gas. There are federal, state and local laws and regulations primarily relating to protection of human health and the environment applicable to the development, production, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of crude oil and natural gas, byproducts thereof and other substances and materials produced or used in connection with crude oil and natural gas operations. In addition, we may inherit liability for environmental damages caused by previous owners of property we purchase or lease. As a result, we may incur substantial liabilities to third parties or governmental entities. The implementation of new, or the modification of existing, laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. 31 Table of Contents The crude oil and natural gas reserves we report in our SEC filings are estimates and may prove to be inaccurate. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves and their estimated values. The reserves we report in our filings with the SEC now and in the future will only be estimates and such estimates may prove to be inaccurate because of these uncertainties. Reservoir engineering is a subjective and inexact process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves depend upon a number of variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production from other producing areas and assumptions concerning effects of regulations by governmental agencies, future crude oil and natural gas prices, future operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs and work-over and remedial costs. Some or all of these assumptions may in fact vary considerably from actual results. For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of crude oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, classifications of such reserves based on risk of recovery, and estimates of the future net cash flows expected therefrom prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers but at different times may vary substantially. Accordingly, reserve estimates may be subject to downward or upward adjustment. Actual production, revenue and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and such variances may be material. Additionally, probable and possible reserve estimates are considered unproved reserves and as such, the SEC views such estimates to be inherently unreliable, may be misunderstood or seen as misleading to investors that are not experts in the oil or natural gas industry. Unless you have such expertise, you should not place undue reliance on these estimates. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no duty to update this information and do not intend to update this information. The calculated present value of future net revenues from our proved reserves will not necessarily be the same as the current market value of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves. You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows as included in our public filings is the current market value of our estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves. We generally base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves on current costs held constant over time without escalation and on commodity prices using an unweighted arithmetic average of first-day-of-the-month index prices, appropriately adjusted, for the 12-month period immediately preceding the date of the estimate. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs used for these estimates and will be affected by factors such as: actual prices we receive for oil and natural gas; actual cost and timing of development and production expenditures; the amount and timing of actual production; and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. In addition, the 10 discount factor that is required to be used to calculate discounted future net revenues for reporting purposes under GAAP is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor based on the cost of capital in effect from time to time and risks associated with our business and the oil and natural gas industry in general. 32 Table of Contents Crude oil and natural gas development, re-completion of wells from one reservoir to another reservoir, restoring wells to production and exploration, drilling and completing new wells are speculative activities and involve numerous risks and substantial and uncertain costs. Our oil and gas operations will be materially dependent upon the success of our future development program. Even considering our business philosophy to avoid wildcat wells, drilling for crude oil and natural gas and reworking existing wells involves numerous risks, including the risk that no commercially productive crude oil or natural gas reservoirs will be encountered. The cost of exploration, drilling, completing and operating wells is substantial and uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: unexpected drilling conditions; pressure or irregularities in formations; equipment failures or accidents; inability to obtain leases on economic terms, where applicable; adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; compliance with governmental requirements; and shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs or crews and the delivery of equipment. Furthermore, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to obtain rights to additional producing properties in the future and/or that any properties we obtain rights to will contain commercially exploitable quantities of oil and/or gas. Drilling or reworking is a highly speculative activity. Even when fully and correctly utilized, modern well completion techniques such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling do not guarantee that we will find crude oil and/or natural gas in our wells. Hydraulic fracturing involves pumping a fluid with or without particulates into a formation at high pressure, thereby creating fractures in the rock and leaving the particulates in the fractures to ensure that the fractures remain open, thereby potentially increasing the ability of the reservoir to produce oil or natural gas. Horizontal drilling involves drilling horizontally out from an existing vertical well bore, thereby potentially increasing the area and reach of the well bore that is in contact with the reservoir. Our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure would have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. Our overall drilling success rate and/or our drilling success rate for activities within a particular geographic area may decline in the future. We may identify and develop prospects through a number of methods, some of which do not include lateral drilling or hydraulic fracturing, and some of which may be unproven. The drilling and results for these prospects may be particularly uncertain. Our drilling schedule may vary from our capital budget. The final determination with respect to the drilling of any scheduled or budgeted prospects will be dependent on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the results of previous development efforts and the acquisition, review and analysis of data; the availability of sufficient capital resources to us and the other participants, if any, for the drilling of the prospects; the approval of the prospects by other participants, if any, after additional data has been compiled; economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling, including prevailing and anticipated prices for crude oil and natural gas and the availability of drilling rigs and crews; our financial resources and results; the availability of leases and permits on reasonable terms for the prospects; and the success of our drilling technology. These projects may not be successfully developed and the wells discussed, if drilled, may not encounter reservoirs of commercially productive crude oil or natural gas. There are numerous uncertainties in estimating quantities of proved reserves, including many factors beyond our control. If we are unable to find commercially exploitable quantities of oil and natural gas in any properties we may acquire in the future, and/or we are unable to commercially extract such quantities we may find in any properties we may acquire in the future, the value of our securities may decline in value. Unless we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The rate of production from our oil and natural gas properties will decline as our reserves are depleted. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our income and cash flow, are highly dependent on our success in (a) efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves on properties owned by us or by other persons or entities and (b) economically finding or acquiring additional oil and natural gas properties. In the future, we may have difficulty acquiring new properties. During periods of low oil and/or natural gas prices, it will become more difficult to raise the capital necessary to finance expansion activities. If we are unable to replace our production, our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. The unavailability or high cost of drilling rigs, completion equipment and services, supplies and personnel, including hydraulic fracturing equipment and personnel, could adversely affect our ability to establish and execute exploration and development plans within budget and on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Shortages or the high cost of drilling rigs, completion equipment and services, supplies or personnel could delay or adversely affect our operations. When drilling activity in the United States increases, associated costs typically also increase, including those costs related to drilling rigs, equipment, supplies and personnel and the services and products of other vendors to the industry. These costs may increase, and necessary equipment and services may become unavailable to us at economical prices. Should this increase in costs occur, we may delay drilling activities, which may limit our ability to establish and replace reserves, or we may incur these higher costs, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 33 Table of Contents The oil and gas industry is cyclical and, from time to time, there is a shortage of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies or qualified personnel. During these periods, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies tend to increase, in some cases substantially. In addition, the demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig crews rise as the number of active rigs in service increases within a geographic area. If increasing levels of exploration and production result in response to strong prices of oil and natural gas, the demand for oilfield services will likely rise, and the costs of these services will likely increase, while the quality of these services may suffer. The future lack of availability or high cost of drilling rigs, as well as any future lack of availability or high costs of other equipment, supplies, insurance or qualified personnel, in the areas in which we operate could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. Hydraulic fracturing is a common practice that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight formations. The process involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into rock formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. There has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to the transportation and use of fracturing fluids, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of waters, and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater, air quality and the environment generally. A number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated implicating hydraulic fracturing practices. Additional legislation or regulation could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing, cause operational delays, increase our operating costs or make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings. New legislation or regulations in the future could have the effect of prohibiting the use of hydraulic fracturing, which would prevent us from completing our wells as planned and would have a material adverse effect on production from our wells. If these legislative and regulatory initiatives cause a material delay or decrease in our drilling or hydraulic fracturing activities, our business and profitability could be materially impacted. Future acquired properties may not be worth what we pay due to uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and other expected benefits, as well as potential liabilities. Successful property acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors beyond our control. These factors include estimates of recoverable reserves, exploration potential, future natural gas and oil prices, operating costs, production taxes and potential environmental and other liabilities. These assessments are complex and inherently imprecise. Our review of the properties we acquire may not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition, our review may not allow us to fully assess the potential deficiencies of the properties. We do not inspect every well, and even when we inspect a well, we may not discover structural, subsurface, or environmental problems that may exist or arise. There may be threatened or contemplated claims against the assets or businesses we acquire related to environmental, title, regulatory, tax, contract, litigation or other matters of which we are unaware, which could materially and adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations. We may not be entitled to contractual indemnification for pre-closing liabilities, including environmental liabilities, and our contractual indemnification may not be effective. At times, we acquire interests in properties on an as is basis with limited representations and warranties and limited remedies for breaches of such representations and warranties. In addition, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business if the acquired properties have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or are in different geographic locations than our existing properties. Risks Relating To An Investment In Our Securities If we are unable to maintain compliance with NYSE American continued listing standards, our common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American equities market, which would likely cause the liquidity and market price of our common stock to decline. Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE American. The NYSE American will consider suspending dealings in, or delisting, securities of an issuer that does not meet its continued listing standards. If we cannot meet the NYSE American continued listing requirements, the NYSE American may delist our common stock, which could have an adverse impact on us and the liquidity and market price of our stock. 34 Table of Contents In 2022 the Company was not in compliance with certain continued listing standards set forth in the NYSE American LLC s NYSE Company Guide Company Guide ), including as a result of: (i) the Company not timely filing all reports required to be filed with the Securities Exchange Commission; (ii) the Company not holding an Annual Meeting within the required timeframe; and (ii) the price of the Company s stock trading below the required threshold for more than 30 consecutive days. The Company took steps to remedy each deficiency, and on January 4, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that on January 3, 2023, it had received a notice letter from the NYSE American stating that the Company is in compliance with the NYSE American continued listing standards set forth in the Company Guide. However, in accordance with Section 1009(h) of the Company Guide, if the Company is again determined to be below any of the continued listing standards within 12 months of the date of January 3, 2023, NYSE American will examine the relationship between the two incidents of noncompliance and re-evaluate the Company s method of financial recovery from the first incident. NYSE American will then take the appropriate action, which, depending on the circumstances, may include truncating the compliance procedures described in Section 1009 of the Company Guide or immediately initiating delisting proceedings. A delisting of our common stock could negatively impact us by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of our common stock and reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, which could negatively impact our ability to raise equity financing. In addition, delisting from the NYSE American might negatively impact our reputation and, as a consequence, our business. It would also be a default under the Outstanding Notes and Discover would be able to enforce all relevant security and foreclose on the Company s assets. Further, if we were delisted from the NYSE American and we are not able to list our common stock on another national exchange we will no longer be eligible to use Form S-3 registration statements (we are currently not eligible to use Form S-3 until potentially in mid-2023 due to late filings) and will instead be required to file a Form S-1 registration statement for any primary or secondary offerings of our common stock, which would delay our ability to raise funds in the future, may limit the type of offerings of common stock we could undertake, and would increase the expenses of any offering, as, among other things, registration statements on Form S-1 are subject to SEC review and comments whereas take downs pursuant to a previously filed Form S-3 are not. If we are delisted from the NYSE American, your ability to sell your shares of our common stock would also be limited by the penny stock restrictions, which could further limit the marketability of your shares. If our common stock is delisted from the NYSE American, it would come within the definition of penny stock as defined in the Exchange Act and would be covered by Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. That Rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, Rule 15g-9, if it were to become applicable, would affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and accordingly would affect the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the public market. These additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will depend upon our financial condition, capital requirements, earnings and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. As a result, only appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may not occur, will provide a return to our stockholders. 35 Table of Contents We currently have a volatile market for our common stock, and the market for our common stock is and may remain volatile in the future. We currently have a highly volatile market for our common stock, which market is anticipated to remain volatile in the future. Factors that could affect our stock price or result in fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of our common stock include: our actual or anticipated operating and financial performance and drilling locations, including reserve estimates; quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as net income/loss per share, net income/loss and cash flows, or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; changes in revenue, cash flows or earnings estimates or publication of reports by equity research analysts; speculation in the press or investment community; public reaction to our press releases, announcements and filings with the SEC; sales of our common stock by us or other stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur; the amount of our freely tradable common stock available in the public marketplace; general financial market conditions and oil and natural gas industry market conditions, including fluctuations in commodity prices; the realization of any of the risk factors that we are subject to; the recruitment or departure of key personnel; commencement of, or involvement in, litigation; the prices of oil and natural gas; the success of our exploration and development operations, and the marketing of any oil and natural gas we produce; changes in market valuations of companies similar to the Company; and domestic and international economic, public health, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol CEI. Our stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, general economic, political, public health and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations, or global virus outbreaks may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. You should exercise caution before making an investment in us. 36 Table of Contents A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock could affect our ability to obtain additional financing which would adversely affect our operations. Historically, we have relied on equity and debt financing as primary sources of financing. A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock or a reduction in our accessibility to the global markets may result in our inability to secure additional financing which would have an adverse effect on our operations. Nevada law and our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue shares of stock which shares may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We have authorized capital stock consisting of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share. As of February 17, 2023, we had (i) 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding and (ii) 5,200 designated shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 238 of which were outstanding (iii) 25,000 authorized shares of Series G Preferred Stock of which 5,272 were outstanding (each as described in greater detail below under Item 5. Market for Re g istrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Description of Capital Stock ). As a result, our Board of Directors has the ability to issue a large number of additional shares of common stock without stockholder approval, subject to the requirements of the NYSE American (which generally require stockholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 of our then outstanding shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock), which if issued could cause substantial dilution to our then stockholders. Shares of additional preferred stock may also be issued by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval, with voting powers and such preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and powers as determined by our Board of Directors, which may be greater than the shares of common stock currently outstanding. As a result, shares of preferred stock may be issued by our Board of Directors which cause the holders to have majority voting power over our shares, provide the holders of the preferred stock the right to convert the shares of preferred stock they hold into shares of our common stock, which may cause substantial dilution to our then common stock stockholders and/or have other rights and preferences greater than those of our common stock stockholders. Investors should keep in mind that the Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of common stock and preferred stock, which could cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. Additionally, the dilutive effect of any preferred stock which we may issue may be exacerbated given the fact that such preferred stock may have super voting rights and/or other rights or preferences which could provide the preferred stockholders with substantial voting control over us subsequent to the date of this filing and/or give those holders the power to prevent or cause a change in control. As a result, the issuance of shares of common stock and/or Preferred Stock may cause the value of our securities to decrease and/or become worthless. Stockholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and/or satisfy obligations through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock. Wherever possible, our Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of shares of our common stock. Subject to certain consent rights of the holder of our Series C Preferred Stock, our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock (subject to NYSE American rules which limit among other things, the number of shares we can issue without stockholder approval to no more than 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock, subject to certain exceptions). These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, and that dilution may be material. If persons engage in short sales of our common stock, including sales of shares to be issued upon exercise of our outstanding warrants, convertible debentures and preferred stock, the price of our common stock may decline. Selling short is a technique used by a stockholder to take advantage of an anticipated decline in the price of a security. In addition, holders of options, warrants and other convertible securities will sometimes sell short knowing they can, in effect, cover through the exercise or conversion of options, warrants and other convertible securities, thus locking in a profit. A significant number of short sales or a large volume of other sales within a relatively short period of time can create downward pressure on the market price of a security. Further sales of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of options, warrants and other convertible securities could cause even greater declines in the price of our common stock due to the number of additional shares available in the market upon such exercise/conversion, which could encourage short sales that could further undermine the value of our common stock. You could, therefore, experience a decline in the value of your investment as a result of short sales of our common stock. 37 Table of Contents The market price for our common stock may be volatile, and our stockholders may not be able to sell our stock at a favorable price or at all. Many factors could cause the market price of our common stock to rise and fall, including: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; changes in market valuations of companies in our industry; changes in expectations of future financial performance; fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; issuances of dilutive common stock or other securities in the future; the addition or departure of key personnel; announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; and the increase or decline in the price of oil and natural gas. Substantial sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. We cannot predict whether future issuances of our common stock or resales in the open market will decrease the market price of our common stock. The impact of any such issuances or resales of our common stock on our market price may be increased as a result of the fact that our common stock is thinly, or infrequently, traded. The exercise of any options that we have or that we may grant to directors, executive officers and other employees in the future, the issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions and other issuances of our common stock (including shares previously registered in our registration statements and prospectus supplements, and/or in connection with future registration statements or prospectus supplements) could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, future issuances of our common stock may be dilutive to existing stockholders. Any sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could lower the market price of our common stock. We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a fully reporting publicly traded company and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. We incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses in connection with our status as a fully reporting public company. Specifically, we are required to prepare and file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Additionally, our officers, directors and significant stockholders are required to file Forms 3, 4 and 5 and Schedules 13D/G with the SEC disclosing their ownership of the Company and changes in such ownership. Furthermore, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxle y Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure of controls and procedures. The costs and expenses of compliance with SEC rules and our filing obligations with the SEC, or our identification of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or cause the market price of our stock to decline in value. Securities analyst coverage or lack of coverage may have a negative impact on our common stock s market price. The trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If securities or industry analysts stop their coverage of us or additional securities and industry analysts fail to cover us in the future, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively impacted. If any analyst or analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, changes their opinion of our shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst or analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease and we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 38 Table of Contents Due to the fact that our common stock is listed on the NYSE American, we are subject to financial and other reporting and corporate governance requirements which increase our cost and expenses. We are currently required to file annual and quarterly information and other reports with the SEC that are specified in Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Additionally, due to the fact that our common stock is listed on the NYSE American, we are also subject to the requirements to maintain independent directors, comply with other corporate governance requirements and are required to pay annual listing and stock issuance fees. These obligations require a commitment of additional resources including, but not limited, to additional expenses, and may result in the diversion of our senior management s time and attention from our day-to-day operations. These obligations increase our expenses and may make it more complicated or time consuming for us to undertake certain corporate actions due to the fact that we may require the approval of the NYSE American for such transactions and/or NYSE American rules may require us to obtain stockholder approval for such transactions. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other equity issuances. We may in the future issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock. Risks Relating to Our Series C Preferred Stock The full amount of premiums, interest and dividends through the maturity date of our Series C Preferred Stock is due upon the repayment/redemption or conversion, as applicable, of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock provides that all applicable dividends, which initially accrued in the amount of 24.95 per annum and which increase or decrease subject to the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, based on among other things, the trading price of the Company s common stock, up to a maximum of 34.95 per annum, are due upon conversion or repayment/redemption (where applicable) thereof, for the full seven-year term of such securities. The requirement that we pay all premiums and dividends through maturity and the adjustable nature of such premium and dividend rates, may force us to issue the holders significant additional shares of common stock, which may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. Pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, the Company has the option to redeem any or all shares of Series C Preferred Stock by paying Holder, in registered or unregistered shares of Common Stock valued at an amount per share equal to 100 of the Liquidation Value for the shares redeemed, and the Corporation will use its best efforts to register such shares. The number of shares of common stock issuable in consideration for premiums, interest and dividends through maturity on the Series C Preferred Stock continue to be adjustable after the conversion of such securities. Pursuant to the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, the conversion rate of such securities in connection with the premiums and dividends due on such securities through maturity (7 years, regardless of when converted), continues to be adjustable after the issuance of such securities. Specifically, such securities remain adjustable, based on a discount to the lowest daily volume weighted average price during a measuring period for a period of 30 or 60 days (depending on whether or not a Triggering Event has occurred, and potentially longer if certain equity conditions are not satisfied) after the applicable number of shares stated in the initial conversion notice have actually been received into the holder s designated brokerage account in electronic form and fully cleared for trading (subject to certain extensions described in the applicable securities). Because the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are limited to holding not more than 9.99 of the Company s common stock upon exercise/conversion of any security, they may not receive all of the shares due upon any conversion, until it has sold shares and been issued additional shares and as such, the beginning date for the applicable 30 or 60 day period after conversion is impossible to determine and may be a significant additional number of days after the initial conversion. 39 Table of Contents In the event of a decrease in the Company s stock price during the applicable measuring periods, the conversion rate of the premiums and dividends due on such applicable securities will adjust downward and holders of Series C Preferred Stock would be due additional shares of common stock for their conversions, which issuances may cause further significant dilution to existing stockholders and the sale of such shares may cause the value of the Company s common stock to decline in value. Furthermore, it is likely that the sale by holders of the shares of common stock received in connection with any conversion, during the applicable measuring period, will cause the value of the Company s common stock to decline in value and the conversion rate to decrease and will result in holder being due additional shares of common stock during the measuring period, which will trigger additional decreases in the value of the Company s common stock upon further public sales. If this were to occur, holder would be entitled to receive an increasing number of shares, upon conversion of the remaining securities, which could then be sold, triggering further price declines and conversions for even larger numbers of shares, which would cause additional dilution to our existing stockholders and would likely cause the value of our common stock to decline. The issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock will cause immediate and substantial dilution and the sale of such stock will cause significant downward pressure on our stock price. The issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock will result in immediate and substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. Although holders may not receive shares of common stock exceeding 9.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately after affecting such conversion, this restriction does not prevent holders from receiving shares up to the 9.99 limit, selling those shares, and then receiving the rest of the shares it is due, in one or more tranches, while still staying below the 9.99 limit. If holders choose to do this, it will cause substantial dilution to the then holders of our common stock. Additionally, the continued sale of shares issuable upon successive conversions will likely create significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock as holders sells material amounts of our common stock over time and/or in a short period of time. This could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock and in turn result in holders receiving an ever-increasing number of additional shares of common stock upon conversion of its securities, and adjustments thereof, which in turn will likely lead to further dilution, reductions in the exercise/conversion price of holders securities and even more downward pressure on our common stock, which could lead to our common stock becoming devalued or worthless. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock Hold a Liquidation Preference in the Company. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of debts and other liabilities of the Company, prior to any distribution or payment made to the holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders an amount with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock equal to 10,000.00, plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid Dividends thereon. Because the dividends currently require that interest be paid on the Face Value of between 24.95 and 34.95 per annum, for the entire seven-year term of the Series C Preferred Stock (even if payable sooner than seven years after the issuance date), the total liquidation value required to be paid to Discover upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company is approximately 2.7 million. Because our net assets total less than 2.7 million, it is likely that our common stockholders would not receive any amount in the event the Company was liquidated, dissolved or wound up, and the Series C Preferred shareholders would instead receive the entire amount of available funds after liquidation. If the Company determines to liquidate, dissolve or wind-up its business and affairs, or upon closing or occurrence of any Deemed Liquidation Event, the Company will to the extent allowed under applicable law, but thereafter, prior to or concurrently with the closing, effectuation or occurrence any such action, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock for cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Holder, at the Early Redemption Price (defined below) if the event is prior to the Dividend Maturity Date, or at the Liquidation Value if the event is on or after the Dividend Maturity Date. Notwithstanding any other provision, the Company will not be required to redeem any shares of Series C Preferred Stock for cash solely because the Company does not have sufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to issue upon receipt of a Delivery Notice, upon a maturity conversion, or for any other reason that is not solely within the control of the Company. 40 Table of Contents A Deemed Liquidation Event means: (a) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is a constituent party or a subsidiary of the Company is a constituent party and the Company issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation, except (i) any such merger or consolidation involving the Company or a subsidiary in which the Company is the surviving or resulting Company, (ii) any merger effected exclusively to change the domicile of the Company, (iii) any transaction or series of transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to retain more than 50 of the total voting power of such surviving entity, or (iv) the merger with Viking; (b) Company issues convertible or equity securities that are senior to the Series C Preferred Stock in any respect, other than the securities issued in the Merger; (c) Holder does not receive the number of Conversion Shares stated in a Delivery Notice with 5 Trading Days of the notice due to the occurrence of an event that is solely within the control of the Company and excluding any event that is not solely within the control of the Company; (d) trading of the Common Stock is halted or suspended by the Trading Market or any U.S. governmental agency for 10 or more consecutive trading days, due to the occurrence of an event that is solely within the control of the Company and excluding any event that is not solely within the control of the Company; or (e) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company of all or substantially all the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries of the Company if substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where one or more Holders initiate consideration of and vote upon a proposal for such sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, or it is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, other than the Merger and except otherwise agreed to by holders holding a majority of the then outstanding Series C Preferred Stock. The Early Redemption Price is the sum of the following: (a) 100 of the Face Value, plus (b) the Conversion Premium, minus (c) any Dividends that have been paid, for each share of Series C Preferred Stock redeemed. The Conversion Premium for each share of Series C Preferred Stock means the Face Value, multiplied by the product of (i) the applicable Dividend Rate, and (ii) the number of whole years between the Issuance Date and the Dividend Maturity Date. The Dividend Maturity Date means the date that is 7 years after the Issuance Date. Holders of our Series C Preferred Stock, effectively have the ability to consent to any material transaction involving the Company. Due to the restrictions placed on the Company as a result of the Series C Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to the significant liquidation preference discussed above and the fact that, as long as there are any issued and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, we agreed that we would not issue or enter into or amend an agreement pursuant to which we may issue any shares of common stock, other than (a) for restricted securities with no registration rights, (b) in connection with a strategic acquisition, (c) in an underwritten public offering, or (d) at a fixed price; or issue or amend any debt or equity securities convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or including the right to receive, shares of common stock (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of the security or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of the security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the common stock. Holder has to effectively consent to any material transaction involving the Company. In the event holders do not consent to any such transaction, we may be prohibited (either effectively or otherwise) from completing a material transaction in the future, including, but not limited to a combination or acquisition which may be accretive to stockholders. Furthermore, holders may condition the approval of a future transaction, which conditions may not be favorable to stockholders. Some of our Series C Preferred Stockholders have rights of first refusal to provide further funding and favored nation rights. We have granted the Investor a right of first offer to match any offer for financing we receive from any person while the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, except for debt financings not convertible into common stock, which are excluded from such right to match. Such right of first refusal may delay or prevent us from raising funding in the future. 41 Table of Contents We have also agreed with some of Series C Preferred Stock holders that if we issue any security with any term more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to the Series C Preferred Stock holder, then we would notify Series C Preferred Stock holder of such additional or more favorable term and such term, at the holder s option, may become a part of the transaction documents with the holder, including the Series C Preferred Stock and the agreements relating to the sale thereof. Such favored nations provisions may make it more costly to complete transactions in the future, may prevent future transactions from occurring and/or may provide the holders additional rights than they currently have, all of which may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders, and/or cause the value of our common stock to decline in value. The holders of our Series C Preferred Stock, subject to applicable contractual restrictions, and/or a third party, may sell short our common stock, which could have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock. The holders of our Series C Preferred Stock are currently prohibited from selling the Company s stock short; however, in the event a trigger event occurs under the Series C Preferred Stock such restriction is waived. Additionally, nothing prohibits a third party from selling the Company s common stock short based on their belief that due to the dilution caused by the conversions of our Series C Preferred Stock, that the trading price of our common stock will decline in value. The significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock as any of our Series C Preferred Stockholders sell material amounts of our common stock could encourage investors to short sell our common stock. This could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock and in turn result in our Series C Preferred Stock holders receiving additional shares of common stock upon exercise/conversion of its securities, and adjustments thereof. The Company s CEO, James Doris, holds Viking preferred stock which, upon termination from Camber could afford him enough shareholder votes to control Viking, and dilute Camber s ownership interest below 51 . The Company s CEO and director, James Doris, holds 28,092 shares of Viking s Series C Preferred Stock, with each share of Viking preferred stock entitling the holder to convert such share of Viking preferred stock into 28,092 shares of Viking common stock, and entitling the holder to 37,500 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation on the later of: (i) July 1, 2022; or (ii) the date on which Camber Energy, Inc. Camber no longer owns or is entitled to own at least 51 of the outstanding shares of the Corporation s Common Stock. By virtue of such preferred stock ownership, and the possibility of Camber owning less than 51 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company after July 1, 2022, Mr. Doris could control the election of the members of the Company s Board of Directors and generally exercise control over the affairs of Viking. Pursuant to the December 23 Purchase Agreement, whereby the Company acquired 51 of Viking, Viking was generally obligated (subject to certain limitations) to issue additional shares of Viking common stock to Camber to ensure that Camber shall own at least 51 of the common stock of Viking through July 1, 2022 Camber s True-Up Entitlement ), which effectively prohibited Mr. Doris from obtaining control over the affairs of Viking at least until July 1, 2022. Camber s True-Up Entitlement expired on July 1, 2022 and there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise with respect to Mr. Doris s ownership of the preferred stock, or that such conflicts will be resolved in a manner favorable to the Company. Item 2. Properties Effective December 23, 2020, the Company relocated its offices to 15915 Katy Freeway, Suite 450, Houston, Texas 77094, the current registered office of Viking, consolidating all administrative functions in one location. Oil and Natural Gas Properties Current Operations and Business Information - Camber As of December 31, 2022, the Company had leasehold interests (working interests) in properties producing from the Cline and Wolfberry formations, which were producing an average of approximately 17 net barrels of oil equivalent per day BOEPD from 18 active well bores. The ratio between the gross and net production varies due to varied working interests and net revenue interests in each well. Our production sales totaled 6,353 BOE, net to our interest, for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, Camber s total estimated proved producing reserves were approximately 71,560 BOE, of which 43,040 Bbls were crude oil and NGL reserves and 171,120 Mcf were natural gas reserves. 42 Table of Contents The following tables set forth summary information with respect to Camber s proved reserves as of December 31, 2021. Reserves Category Crude Oil (BBLs) NGL (BBLs) Natural Gas (MCF) Total Proved (BOE) (1) Proved Reserves Developed 43,040 - 171,120 71,560 Developed Non-Producing - - - - Undeveloped - - - - Total Proved Reserves 43,040 - 171,120 71,560 Estimated Future Net Cash Flows 3,580,270 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows (1,692,970 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows - (PV10) (2) 1,887,300 (1) - BOE (barrels of oil equivalent) is calculated by a ratio of 6 MCF to 1 BBL of Oil (2) - PV-10 represents the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved oil and natural gas reserves discounted at 10 . PV-10 of our total year-end proved reserves is considered a non-US GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. We believe that the presentation of the PV-10 is relevant and useful to our investors because it presents the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved reserves. We further believe investors and creditors use our PV-10 as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of our reserves to other companies. The following table presents certain information with respect to oil and natural gas production attributable to our interests in all of our properties in the United States, the revenue derived from the sale of such production, average sales prices received and average production costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unit of December 31, December 31, Measure 2022 2021 Production Oil Barrels 3,966 4,242 Natural Gas Mcf 14,323 13,067 NGL Gallons 161,642 131,048 BOE 10,202 9,449 Sales Oil Barrels 372,046 273,234 Natural Gas Mcf 79,719 40,186 NGL Gallons 145,490 87,802 597,255 401,222 Average Sales Prices Oil Barrels 93.81 64.41 Natural Gas Mcf 5.57 3.08 NGL Gallons .90 .67 Production - Lease operating expenses 173,327 134,684 Average Cost of Production per BOE 16.99 14,25 43 Table of Contents Drilling and other exploratory and development activities During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no gross or net wells that were in the process of being drilled, nor did we have any drilling plans or delivery commitments. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Camber is periodically named in legal actions arising from normal business activities. Camber evaluates the merits of these actions and, if it determines that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated, Camber will establish the necessary reserves. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future. Maranatha Oil Matter In November 2015, Randy L. Robinson, d/b/a Maranatha Oil Co. sued the Company in Gonzales County, Texas (Cause No. 26160). The plaintiff alleged that it assigned oil and gas leases to the Company in April 2010, retaining a 4 overriding royalty interest and 50 working interest and that the Company failed to pay such overriding royalty interest or royalty interest. The interests relate to certain oil and gas properties which the Company subsequently sold to Nordic Oil USA in April 2013. The petition alleges causes of actions for breach of contract, failure to pay royalties, non-payment of working interest, fraud, fraud in the inducement of contract, money had and received, constructive trust, violation of theft liability act, continuing tort and fraudulent concealment. The suit seeks approximately 100,000 in amounts alleged owed, plus pre-and post-judgment interest. The Company has filed a denial to the claims and intends to vehemently defend itself against the allegations. Shareholder-Related Litigation The Company was the target of a short report issued by Kerrisdale Capital in early October, 2021, and as a result of such short report, on October 29, 2021, a Class Action Complaint (i.e. C.A.No.4:21-cv-03574) was filed against the Company, its CEO and CFO by Ronald E. Coggins, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Camber Energy, Inc., et al .; in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, pursuant to which the Plaintiffs are seeking to recover damages alleged to have been suffered by them as a result of the defendants violations of federal securities laws. The defendants deny the allegations contained in the Class Action Complaint and have engaged Baker Botts L.L.P. to defend the action. On or about June 30, 2022, the Company was made aware of a Shareholder Derivative Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (Case No. 4:22-cv-2167) against the Company, its current directors, and certain of its former directors (the Houston Derivative Complaint and, together with the Nevada Derivative Complaint, the Derivative Complaints ). The allegations contained in the Houston Derivative Complaint involve state-law claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment and a federal securities claim under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On January 20, 2023, the U.S. District Court held that certain claims brought by the plaintiff relating to director actions and statements made in proxy statements prior to June 30, 2019, were time barred, but did not dismiss certain claims brought by plaintiff relating to director actions and statements made in proxy statements after June 30, 2019. Pursuant to Article 6 of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, on February 15, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board formed a Committee of the Board (the Special Litigation Committee to investigate, analyze, and evaluate the remaining allegations in the Houston Derivative Complaint. The Special Litigation Committee s investigation and evaluation remains ongoing. At this time, we are not able to predict the outcome of the Special Litigation Committee investigation or these claims. The defendants deny the allegations contained in the Class Action Complaint and Houston Derivative Compliant and have engaged Baker Botts L.L.P. to defend the actions. On or about April 18, 2022, the Company was made aware of a Shareholder Derivative Complaint filed with the District Court in Clark County, Nevada (Case No.: A-22-848486-B) against the Company and its directors, and on or about May 4, 2022 the Company was made aware of a second Shareholder Derivative Complaint filed with the District Court in Clark County, Nevada (Case No. A-22-852069-B) against the Company and its directors. On July 18, 2022, the shareholder plaintiff in Case No. A-22-848486-B voluntarily dismissed his lawsuit, and on December 12, 2022 the shareholder plaintiff in Case No. A-22-852069-B voluntarily dismissed his lawsuit. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 44 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the NYSE American under the symbol CEI . Holders As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 16,900 record holders of our common stock, not including holders who hold their shares in street name. Description of Capital Stock The total number of shares of all classes of stock that we have authority to issue is 30,000,000, consisting of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of February 17, 2023, we had (i) 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding, (ii) 5,200 designated shares of Series C Preferred Stock, 238 of which were outstanding and (iii) 25,000 designated shares of Series G Preferred Stock, 5,272 of which were outstanding. Common Stock Holders of our common stock: (i) are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; (ii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights, nor are there any redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable thereto; and (iii) are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote at all stockholder meetings. Each stockholder is entitled to receive the dividends as may be declared by our directors out of funds legally available for dividends. Our directors are not obligated to declare a dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our directors and will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, the operating and financial condition of our Company, our capital requirements, general business conditions and other pertinent factors. The presence of the persons entitled to vote 33 of the outstanding voting shares on a matter before the stockholders shall constitute the quorum necessary for the consideration of the matter at a stockholders meeting. The vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast on the matter at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall constitute an act of the stockholders, except for the election of directors, who shall be appointed by a plurality of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting at which a quorum is present. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of a majority of the common stock voting for election of directors can elect 100 of our directors if they choose to do so. 45 Table of Contents Preferred Stock Subject to the terms contained in any designation of a series of preferred stock, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized, at any time and from time to time, to fix, by resolution or resolutions, the following provisions for shares of any class or classes of preferred stock: 1) The designation of such class or series, the number of shares to constitute such class or series which may be increased (but not below the number of shares of that class or series then outstanding) by a resolution of the Board of Directors; 2) Whether the shares of such class or series shall have voting rights, in addition to any voting rights provided by law, and if so, the terms of such voting rights; 3) The dividends, if any, payable on such class or series, whether any such dividends shall be cumulative, and, if so, from what dates, the conditions and dates upon which such dividends shall be payable, and the preference or relation which such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on any share of stock of any other class or any other shares of the same class; 4) Whether the shares of such class or series shall be subject to redemption by the Company, and, if so, the times, prices and other conditions of such redemption or a formula to determine the times, prices and such other conditions; 5) The amount or amounts payable upon shares of such series upon, and the rights of the holders of such class or series in, the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or upon any distribution of the assets, of the Company; 6) Whether the shares of such class or series shall be subject to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund, and, if so, the extent to and manner in which any such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or redemption of the shares of such class or series for retirement or other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof; 7) Whether the shares of such class or series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of stock of any other class or any other series of the same class or any other securities and, if so, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions of conversion or exchanges; 8) The limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any shares of such class or series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company of the common stock or shares of stock of any other class or any other series of the same class; 9) The conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness of the Company or upon the issuance of any additional stock, including additional shares of such class or series or of any other series of the same class or of any other class; 10) The ranking (be it pari passu, junior or senior) of each class or series vis- -vis any other class or series of any class of preferred stock as to the payment of dividends, the distribution of assets and all other matters; 11) Facts or events to be ascertained outside the articles of incorporation of the Company, or the resolution establishing the class or series of stock, upon which any rate, condition or time for payment of distributions on any class or series of stock is dependent and the manner by which the fact or event operates upon the rate, condition or time of payment; and 12) Any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, insofar as they are not inconsistent with the provisions of our articles of incorporation, as amended, to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 46 Table of Contents The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each class or series of preferred stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock On August 31, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the designation of 28,092 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), which were designated with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 31, 2020 (the Series A Designation to have substantially similar rights as the Series C Preferred Stock of Viking (as amended), as adjusted for the exchange ratio set out in the merger agreement at that time, which was subsequently terminated as noted below. On December 23, 2020, the Company entered into (i) a termination agreement with Viking terminating the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 31, 2020, as amended to date. On February 15, 2021, the Company entered into a new Agreement and Plan of Merger with Viking. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Viking, upon closing of the Merger, each one (1) share of Viking Series C Preferred Stock Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be converted into the right to receive one (1) share of the to be designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Preferred ). Each share of Camber Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into 890 shares of common stock of Camber subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership limitation, will be treated equally with the Company s common shareholders with respect to dividends and liquidation, and will have no right to vote on any matters, questions or proceedings of Camber except: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends in the amount of 24.95 per annum (adjustable up to 34.95 if a trigger event, as described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock occurs), payable upon redemption, conversion, or maturity, and when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors in its discretion, provided that upon any redemption, conversion, or maturity, seven years of dividends are due and payable on such redeemed, converted or matured stock. The Series C Preferred Stock ranks senior to the common stock. The Series C Preferred Stock has no right to vote on any matters, questions or proceedings of the Company including, without limitation, the election of directors except: (a) during a period where a dividend (or part of a dividend) is in arrears; (b) on a proposal to reduce the Company s share capital; (c) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (d) on a proposal to wind up the Company; (e) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of the Company s property, business and undertakings; and (f) during the winding-up of the Company. 47 Table of Contents The Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of common stock Conversion Shares at any time at the option of the holder, or at our option if certain equity conditions (as defined in the certificate of designation for the Series C Preferred Stock), are met. Upon conversion, we will pay the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock being converted through the issuance of common shares, in an amount equal to the dividends that such shares would have otherwise earned if they had been held through the maturity date (i.e., seven years), and issue to the holders such number of shares of Common stock equal to 10,000 per share of Series C Preferred Stock (the Face Value multiplied by the number of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock divided by the applicable Conversion Price of 162.50 (after adjustment following the December 21, 2022 reverse stock split) adjusted for any future forward or reverse splits. The conversion premium under the Series C Preferred Stock is payable and the dividend rate under the Series C Preferred Stock is adjustable. Specifically, the conversion rate of such premiums and dividends equals 95 of the average of the lowest 5 individual daily volume weighted average prices during the Measuring Period, not to exceed 100 of the lowest sales prices on the last day of the Measuring Period, less 0.05 per share of common stock, unless a trigger event has occurred, in which case the conversion rate equals 85 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during the Measuring Period, less 0.10 per share of common stock not to exceed 85 of the lowest sales prices on the last day of such the Measuring Period, less 0.10 per share. The Measurin g Period is the period beginning, if no trigger event has occurred, 30 trading days, and if a trigger event has occurred, 60 trading days, before the applicable notice has been provided regarding the exercise or conversion of the applicable security, and ending, if no trigger event has occurred, 30 trading days, and if a trigger event has occurred, 60 trading days, after the applicable number of shares stated in the initial exercise/conversion notice have actually been received into the holder s designated brokerage account in electronic form and fully cleared for trading. Trigger events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. The Series C Preferred Stock has a maturity date that is seven years after the date of issuance and, if the Series C Preferred Stock has not been wholly converted into shares of common stock prior to such date, all remaining outstanding Series C Preferred Stock will automatically be converted in to shares of Common Stock, to the extent the Corporation has sufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon conversion. Notwithstanding any other provision of this designation, available authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock will be a limit and cap on the maximum number of common shares that could be potentially issuable with respect to all conversions and other events that are not solely within the control of the Corporation. The Corporation will at all times use its best efforts to authorize sufficient shares. The number of shares required to settle the excess obligation is fixed on the date that net share settlement occurs. The Dividend Maturity Date will be indefinitely extended and suspended until sufficient authorized and unissued shares become available. 100 of the Face Value, plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, automatically becomes payable in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up by us. We may not issue any preferred stock that is pari passu or senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to any rights for a period of one year after the earlier of such date (i) a registration statement is effective and available for the resale of all shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, or (ii) Rule 144 under the Securities Act is available for the immediate unrestricted resale of all shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which prevents any holder of the Series C Preferred Stock from converting such Series C Preferred Stock into common stock, if upon such conversion, the holder would beneficially own greater than 9.99 of our outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the Fifth Amended and Restated COD, which was filed as required by the October 2021 Agreements, holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are permitted to vote together with holders of common stock on all matters other than election of directors and shareholder proposals (including proposals initiated by any holders of Preferred Shares), on an as-if converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the COD, even if there are insufficient shares of authorized common stock to fully convert the Series C Preferred Stock. Also pursuant to the October 2021 Agreements, due to the occurrence of a Trigger Event the Company no longer has the right to conduct an early redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock as provided for in the Designation. 48 Table of Contents On October 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the COD (the Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), pursuant to agreements between the Company and each of Discover and Antilles signed on October 28, 2022, which amended the COD such that (i) beginning on the Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of the Company s common stock Common Stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least 1.50 and each Investor waived the right to receive any additional shares of Common Stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Agreement Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and (ii) (A) beginning on the Amendment Date and for the period through December 30, 2022, the Measuring Metric will be the higher of the amount provided in Section I.G.7.1(ii) of the COD and 0.20, and (B) beginning at market close on December 30, 2022 and thereafter, the Measuring Metric will be the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock on any day of trading following the date of first issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 730,241 common shares are due to a prior holder of Series C Preferred Stock in connection with prior conversions. The Company anticipates issuing these common shares to EMC if the Company s shareholders approve an increase in the Company s authorized capital. As at December 31, 2022, Antilles held 270 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and the Company estimated these shares would be able to convert into approximately 6.69 million common shares pursuant to the conversion formula set out in the COD associated with the Series C Preferred Stock, using approximately 1.2813 as the low volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock for the purposes of calculating the Conversion Premium due upon conversion. If the low volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock falls below 1.2813 during the Measurement Period (as defined in the COD, amended), Antilles would be entitled to more than 6.69 million common shares. Series G Convertible Preferred Stock On or about December 30, 2021, the Company filed with the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series G Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the COD ). Pursuant to the COD, the Series G Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of common stock at any time at the option of the holder at a price per share of common stock equal to one cent above the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the issuance of such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, or as otherwise specified in the Stock Purchase Agreement, subject to adjustment as otherwise provided in the COD. Upon conversion, the Company will pay the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock being converted a conversion premium equal to the amount of dividends that such shares would have otherwise earned if they had been held through the maturity date. The Series G Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, rank: (a) senior to the Company s common stock; (b) junior to the Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) senior to the Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series F Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, as such may be designated as of the date of this Designation, or which may be designated by the Company after the date of this Designation; (d) senior, pari passu or junior with respect to any other series of Preferred Stock, as set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations with respect to such Preferred Stock; and (d) junior to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company. Except as prohibited by applicable law or as set forth herein, the holders of shares of Series G Preferred Stock will have the right to vote together with holders of common stock and Series C Preferred on all matters other than: (i) the election of directors; (ii) and any shareholder proposals, including proposals initiated by any holder of shares of Series G Preferred Stock), in each instance on an as-converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the COD even if there are insufficient shares of authorized common stock to fully convert the shares of Series G Preferred Stock into common stock. 49 Table of Contents Commencing on the date of the issuance of any such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, each outstanding share of Series G Preferred Stock will accrue cumulative dividends at a rate equal to 10.0 per annum, subject to adjustment as provided in the COD (to a maximum of 30 per annum), of the Face Value. Dividends will be payable with respect to any shares of Series G Preferred Stock upon any of the following: (a) upon redemption of such shares in accordance with the COD; (b) upon conversion of such shares in accordance with the COD; and (c) when, as and if otherwise declared by the board of directors of the Corporation. Dividends, as well as any applicable Conversion Premium payable hereunder, will be paid in shares of common stock valued at (i) if there is no Material Adverse Change MAC as at the date of payment or issuance of common shares for the Conversion Premium, as applicable, (A) 95.0 of the average of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices of the common stock on the Trading Market during the applicable Measurement Period, which may be non-consecutive, less 0.05 per share of common stock, not to exceed (B) 100 of the lowest sales price on the last day of such Measurement Period less 0.05 per share of common stock, or (ii) during the time that any MAC is ongoing, (A) 85.0 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during any Measurement Period for any conversion by Holder, less 0.10 per share of common stock, not to exceed (B) 85.0 of the lowest sales price on the last day of any Measurement Period, less 0.10 per share of common stock. On the Dividend Maturity Date, the Corporation may redeem any or all shares of Series G Preferred Stock by paying Holder, in registered or unregistered shares of common stock valued at an amount per share equal to 100 of the Liquidation Value for the shares redeemed, and the Corporation will use its best efforts to register such shares. Dividend Policy We have not declared or paid cash dividends or made distributions in the past. We do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends or make distributions in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain and reinvest future earnings to finance operations. We may however declare and pay dividends in shares of our common stock in the future (similar to how we have in the past). Sales of Unregistered Securities There have been no sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, which have not previously been disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K, except as set forth below: The Company issued to three preferred stockholders (existing or prior), a total of 12,793,678 shares of common stock pursuant to the stockholder s conversion of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock. The shares were issued pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Section s 3(a)(9), 4(a)(1) and 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 144 promulgated thereunder, as the shares of common stock were issued in exchange for preferred stock of the Company held by the preferred stockholder, there was no additional consideration for the exchanges, there was no remuneration for the solicitation of the exchanges, the exchanged securities had been held by the preferred stockholder for the requisite holding period, the preferred stockholder was not an affiliate of the Company, the Company was not a shell company, there was no general solicitation and the transactions with the shareholders did not involve a public offering. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. Not required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In preparing the management s discussion and analysis, the registrant presumes that you have read or have access to the discussion and analysis for the preceding fiscal year. 50 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended or the Reform Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earning, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions of performance; and statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: The Company s ability to raise capital and the terms thereof; and other factors referenced in this Form 10-K. The use in this Form 10-K of such words as believes , plans , anticipates , expects , intends , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements present the Company s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except for the Company s ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required by the federal securities laws, the Company does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to update any forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any of the forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed or any of the Company s forward-looking statements. The Company s future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. PLAN OF OPERATIONS Overview The Company s business plan is to engage in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas properties, both individually and through collaborative partnerships with other companies in this field of endeavor. The Company s majority-owned investee, Viking Energy Group, Inc., has relationships with industry experts and formulated an acquisition strategy, with emphasis on acquiring under-valued, producing properties from distressed vendors or those deemed as non-core assets by larger sector participants. The Company does not focus on speculative exploration programs, but rather targets properties with current production and untapped reserves. The Company s growth strategy includes the following key initiatives: Acquisition of under-valued producing oil and gas assets Employ enhanced recovery techniques to maximize production Implement responsible, lower-risk drilling programs on existing assets Aggressively pursue cost-efficiencies Opportunistically explore strategic mergers and/or acquisitions Actively hedge mitigating commodity risk The following overview provides a background for the current strategy being implemented by management during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 51 Table of Contents Going Concern Qualification The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated a net loss of 107.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Loss as compared to a net loss of 169.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 Loss was comprised of certain non-cash items with a net impact of 99.1 million including: (i) a loss on changes in fair value of the derivative liability relating to the Series C Preferred Stock of 89.5 million; (ii) equity in loss of unconsolidated entity of 9.5 million (iii) and share based compensation of .1 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had stockholders deficit of 17.1 million and total long-term debt of 33.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a working capital deficiency of approximately 16.6 million. The largest components of current liabilities creating this working capital deficiency was a derivative liability associated with our Series C Preferred Stock of 7.6 million and a warrant liability of 5.9 million. Management believes it will be able to continue to leverage the expertise and relationships of its operational and technical teams to enhance existing assets and identify new development, drilling and acquisition opportunities in order to improve the Company s financial position. The Company may have the ability, if it can raise additional capital, to acquire new assets in a separate division from existing subsidiaries. Nonetheless, recent oil and gas price volatility as a result of geopolitical conditions and the global COVID-19 pandemic have already had and may continue to have a negative impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. Negative impacts could include but are not limited to: The Company s ability to sell [its] oil and gas production, reduction in the selling price of the Company s oil and gas, failure of a counterparty to make required hedge payments, possible disruption of production as a result of worker illness or mandated production shutdowns, the Company s ability to maintain compliance with loan covenants and/or refinance existing indebtedness, and access to new capital and financing. These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months following the issuance of its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to utilize the resources in place to generate future profitable operations, to develop additional acquisition opportunities, and to obtain the necessary financing to meet its debt obligations and repay its liabilities arising from business operations when they come due. Management believes the Company will be able to continue to develop new opportunities and will be able to obtain additional funds through debt and / or equity financings to facilitate its development strategy; however, there is no assurance of additional funding being available. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold 0 and 1,575 shares, respectively, of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of various Stock Purchase Agreements, for total cash proceeds of 0 and 15.0 million, respectively. Although the Company has been successful in obtaining the financial resources in the past, these conditions continue to raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company believes it appropriate to continue to include a going concern qualification in its financial statements. 52 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Additionally, recent oil and gas price volatility as a result of geopolitical conditions and the global COVID-19 pandemic have already had and are expected to continue to have a negative impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. Negative impacts could include but are not limited to the Company s ability to sell its oil and gas production, reduction in the selling price of the Company s oil and gas, failure of a counterparty to make required payments, possible disruption of production as a result of worker illness or mandated production shutdowns or stay-at-home orders, and access to new capital and financing. Our primary sources of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 were from loan proceeds in the amount of 25 million, of which 18.9 million was used to redeem Series C preferred stock, 2.8 million was used to redeem Series G preferred stock, in addition to funds used in operations. Pursuant to the December 31, 2019 Redemption Agreement, we entered into a new unsecured promissory note in the amount of 1,539,719 with Lineal, evidencing the repayment of the prior July 2019 Lineal Note, together with additional amounts loaned by Camber to Lineal through December 31, 2019; and loaned Lineal an additional 800,000, which was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note in the amount of 800,000, entered into by Lineal in favor of the Company on December 31, 2019. The December 2019 Lineal Note and Lineal Note No. 2, accrue interest, payable quarterly in arrears, beginning on March 31, 2020 and continuing until December 31, 2021, when all interest and principal is due, at 8 and 10 per annum (18 upon the occurrence of an event of default), respectively. The December 2019 Lineal Note and Lineal Note No. 2 are unsecured. Such loans are described in greater detail above under Item 1. Business - General - Lineal Acquisition and Divestiture , and Lineal has advised it does not have resources to repay the loans. The loans have been fully reserved as of December 31, 2022. The following discussion of the consolidated financial condition and results of operation of the Company should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related Notes included elsewhere in this Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, December 31, Working Capital: 2022 2021 Current assets 1,223,429 5,935,604 Current liabilities 17,831,042 96,664,577 Working capital (deficit) (16,607,613 (90,728,973 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, Cash Flows: 2022 2021 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (4,615,486 (3,414,166 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities (2,472,300 (15,100,000 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 2,400,000 23,500,000 Increase (Decrease) in Cash during the Period (4,687,786 4,985,834 Cash, end of Period 1,166,596 5,854,382 The Company had current assets of 1,223,429 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 5,935,604 as of December 31, 2021. The Company had current liabilities of 17,831,042 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 96,664,577 as of December 31, 2021. The Company had a working capital deficit of 16,607,613 of December 31, 2022, as compared to a working capital deficit of 90,728,973 as of December 31, 2021. 53 Table of Contents Net cash used by operating activities increased to 4,615,486 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash used by operating activities of 3,414,166 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used by investing activities of 2,472,300 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used by investing activities of 15,100,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing investments in Viking. Net cash provided by financing activities decreased to 2,400,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 23,500,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is mainly due to the redemptions of the Series C and Series G Preferred stock. Revenue The Company had gross revenues of 597,255 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 401,222 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Expenses The Company s operating expenses were 4,979,824 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 5,834,587 for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses increased by 517,928, while share based compensation decreased by 1,413,141 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Income (Loss) from Operations The Company generated a loss from operations of 4,382,569 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a loss from operations of 5,433,365 from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other income (expense) The Company had other income (expense) of (103,359,396) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 164,241,804) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The largest components of this change is the recognition of a change in the fair value of derivative liabilities of (89,523,091) during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to (152,831,568) for the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense of (4,705,624) during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to (1,979,290) for the year ended December 31, 2021 and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates of (9,461,874) during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to (9,430,946) for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily the loss associated with the equity investment in Viking. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in the Company s securities. Seasonality The Company s operating results are not affected by seasonality. Inflation The Company s business and operating results are not currently affected in any material way by inflation although they could be adversely affected in the future were inflation to increase, resulting in cost increases. 54 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies We prepare our financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the financial statements are prepared and actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. Due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. On a regular basis, we review our critical accounting policies and how they are applied in the preparation of our financial statements, as well as the sufficiency of the disclosures pertaining to our accounting policies in the footnotes accompanying our financial statements. Described below are the most significant policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements, some of which are subject to alternative treatments under GAAP. We also describe the most significant estimates and assumptions we make in applying these policies. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements. Oil and Gas Property Accounting The Company uses the full cost method of accounting for its investment in oil and natural gas properties. Under this method of accounting, all costs of acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties (including such costs as leasehold acquisition costs, geological expenditures, dry hole costs, tangible and intangible development costs and direct internal costs) are capitalized as the cost of oil and natural gas properties when incurred. The full cost method requires the Company to calculate quarterly, by cost center, a ceiling, or limitation on the amount of properties that can be capitalized on the balance sheet. To the extent capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties, less accumulated depletion and related deferred taxes exceed the sum of the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties subject to amortization, the cost of properties not being amortized, and the related tax amounts, such excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. No impairment expense was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Proved Reserves Estimates of our proved reserves included in this report are prepared in accordance with U.S. SEC guidelines for reporting corporate reserves and future net revenue. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of: i. the quality and quantity of available data; ii. the interpretation of that data; iii. the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions; and iv. the judgment of the persons preparing the estimate. Our proved reserve information included in this report was predominately based on estimates. Because these estimates depend on many assumptions, all of which may substantially differ from future actual results, reserve estimates will be different from the quantities of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered. In addition, results of drilling, testing and production after the date of an estimate may justify material revisions to the estimate. In accordance with SEC requirements, we based the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves on the unweighted arithmetic average of the prior 12-month commodity prices as of the first day of each of the months constituting the period and costs on the date of the estimate. The estimates of proved reserves materially impact depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion DD A expense. If the estimates of proved reserves decline, the rate at which we record DD A expense will increase, reducing future net income. Such a decline may result from lower market prices, which may make it uneconomic to drill for and produce from higher-cost fields. 55 Table of Contents Asset Retirement Obligation Asset retirement obligations ARO primarily represent the estimated present value of the amount we will incur to plug, abandon and remediate our producing properties at the projected end of their productive lives, in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. We determined our ARO by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows related to the obligation. The retirement obligation is recorded as a liability at its estimated present value as of the obligation s inception, with an offsetting increase to proved properties. Periodic accretion of discount of the estimated liability is recorded as accretion expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. ARO liability is determined using significant assumptions, including current estimates of plugging and abandonment costs, annual inflation of these costs, the productive lives of wells and a risk-adjusted interest rate. Changes in any of these assumptions can result in significant revisions to the estimated ARO. Derivative Liabilities The Company has determined that certain obligations to issue shares relating to conversions of the Series C Preferred Stock contain provisions that could result in modification of the Series C Preferred Stock conversion price that is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. The Series C Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a fixed 162.50 conversion rate. Upon conversion, the holder is entitled to dividends as if the shares had been held to maturity, which is referred to as the Conversion Premium. The Conversion Premium may be paid in shares or cash, at the option of the Company. If the Conversion Premium is paid in cash, the amount is fixed and generally not subject to adjustment. If the Conversion Premium is paid in shares, the conversion ratio is based on a VWAP calculation based on the lowest stock price over the Measurement Period. The Measurement Period is 30 days (or 60 days if there is a Triggering Event) prior to the conversion date and 30 days (or 60 days if there is a Triggering Event) after the conversion date. The VWAP calculation is subject to adjustment if there is a Triggering Event and the Measurement Period is subject to adjustment in the event that the Company is in default of one or more Equity Conditions provided in the Certificate of Designation. For example, the Measurement period may be extended one day for every day the Company is not in compliance with one or more of the Equity Conditions. Trigger Events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. At the conversion date, the number of shares due for the Conversion Premium is estimated based on the previous 30-day (or 60 day) VWAP. If the Company does not elect to pay the Conversion Premium in cash, the Company will issue all shares due for the conversion and the estimated shares due for the conversion premium. If the VWAP calculation for the portion of the Measurement Period following the date of conversion is lower than the VWAP for the portion of the Measurement Period prior to the date of conversion, the holder will be issued additional common shares, referred to as true-up shares. If the VWAP calculation is higher, no true-up shares are issued. The derivative liability at the end of each period includes a derivative liability for the outstanding Series C shares and a derivative liability for the potential obligation to issue True-Up Shares relating to Series C shares that have been converted and the Measurement Period has not expired, if applicable. 56 Table of Contents Prior to April 20, 2021, the fair value of the derivative liability relating to the Conversion Premium for any outstanding Series C Shares was equal to the cash required to settle the Conversion Premium. On April 20, 2021, the Company amended the Series C Stock certificate of designation (COD) to require all conversions to be in common shares, thus removing the cash option for redemption of the Conversion Premium. The amendment required reclassification of the Series C Stock recorded in temporary equity to be reclassified to permanent equity with no further quarterly adjustments. The removal of the cash option for conversion of the Conversion Premium changed the cash redemption assumption to assume, in all cases, share redemption. Therefore, the derivative liability is required to be recorded at the fair value of the equivalent number of common shares issuable to satisfy the Conversion Premium. We recorded an adjustment to derivative liability and loss on derivative on April 20, 2021 and we will record changes in fair value of the derivative liability each quarter thereafter as long as any Series C Stock are outstanding. We estimated the fair value of the derivative liability for the outstanding Series C Stock Conversion Premium using the period end number of shares required to satisfy the Conversion Premium generally at the period end closing share price of the Company s common stock, except as noted below. The fair value of the potential true-up share obligation has been estimated using a binomial pricing mode and the lesser of the conversion price or the low closing price of the Company s stock subsequent to the conversion date. and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The Company is a smaller reporting company and is traded on the NYSE American exchange. Historically, our stock price has been extremely volatile and subject to large and sometimes unexplained price variations on a daily or weekly basis. In addition, the Company declared four reverse stock splits in 2018 and 2019, and one reverse split in 2022, and the Company s common stock generally trades at less than 1.00 per share. These factors have exacerbated daily volatility of our stock price. Consequently, we believe that the closing price of our stock on the reporting date may not, in all cases, represent the fair value of the common share required to satisfy the redemption of the Series C preferred Stock. Recognizing that the closing share price of our publicly traded stock is an observable input to fair value, we used such price for determining fair value in most cases and only considered an alternative measure of fair value when the closing price of the Company s common stock varied by more than 20 from the five-day moving average immediately prior to the measurement date. In such cases, we used an average closing price of the previous 30-day period as an estimate of fair value, adjusted for stock splits if applicable. In addition, conversion of the Series C shares requires a significant number of common shares to be issued in relation to the total number of shares outstanding. We do not believe that the market price of the Company s common stock appropriately reflects the potential for significant dilution caused by a large conversion and may not be representative of market value. In cases where the number of common shares required to satisfy a conversion of the Series C shares into common stock was significant in relation to the total number of shares outstanding (approximately 30 or greater) we determined the fair value of the embedded features based on the historical market capitalization of the Company. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. The Company, as a smaller reporting company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act), is not required to furnish information required by this item. 57 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. INDEX TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 58 Table of Contents Your Vision Our Focus Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Stockholders Camber Energy, Inc Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Camber Energy, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Camber Energy, Inc as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a stockholder deficit and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to Camber Energy, Inc in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Camber Energy, Inc is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. Accountants and Consultants 12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 Dallas, Texas 75251 Telephone: 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 Toll Free: 877-853-4195 Web site: turnerstone.com F-1 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Series C Preferred Stock As discussed in Notes 4, 9 and 13, the Company issued a series of preferred stock that contained several features which derived value from sources unrelated to the host preferred stock instrument. The Company determined certain of the features included in the Series C Preferred Stock designations, including the conversion, dividend and liquidation value, required that the conversion and dividend components be bifurcated and accounted for on a stand-alone basis as derivatives. The determination of fair value of these derivatives involved using complex valuation methodologies and significant assumptions including volume weighted prices and the estimated valuation of the Company s common stock taking into consideration the effect of these dilutive instruments. We identified auditing the Company s evaluation of the accounting for the features included in the Series C Preferred Stock, specifically the methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the derivative liabilities, as a critical audit matter. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: - Obtaining and reviewing the underlying Series C Preferred Stock certificate of designation and related amendments to understand the terms and conditions, economic substance, and identify embedded features requiring evaluation. - Testing management s development of the assumptions used in the valuation models applied and the reasonableness of those assumptions. - Obtaining an understanding of management s process for developing the estimated fair value of the embedded features, including evaluation of the appropriateness of the method selected by the Company, identifying the significant assumptions used to determine the fair value estimate, and the application of those assumptions in the related method. - Testing the data and significant assumptions used in developing the fair value estimate, including procedures to determine whether the data was complete and accurate and sufficiently precise. /s/ . We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 March 17, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Accounts receivable - oil and gas - net Prepaid expenses Total current assets Oil and gas properties, full cost method Proved developed producing oil and gas properties, net Total oil and gas properties, net Due from Viking Energy Group, Inc. Equity method investment TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current taxes payable Warrant liability Derivative liability Total current liabilities Long-term debt Asset retirement obligation TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Preferred Stock Series C, shares authorized of par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Preferred Stock Series G, authorized, .001 par value, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Common stock, shares authorized of par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated Deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-3 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Oil and gas sales Operating expenses Lease operating costs General and administrative Stock based compensation Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Equity (deficit) in earnings of unconsolidated entity Gain (loss) on derivative liability Interest and other income Total other income (expense) Net loss before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) Net loss attributable to Camber Energy, Inc. Less preferred dividends Net loss attributable to common stockholders Income (loss) per weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Series C Series C Series G Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Total Number Number Number Number Additional Stockholders' Of Shares Amount Of Shares Amount Of Shares Amount Of Shares Amount Paid In Capital Accumulated Deficit (Deficit) Equity For the year ended December 31, 2022 Balances, December 31, 2021 - Common Shares issued for: Conversion of Series C preferred stock - - True-Up Shares - - - Issuance of Common Shares for Consulting Fees - - - Redemption of Series C preferred stock for cash - - - Redemption of Series G preferred stock - - - Series C fair value adjustment - - - - True-Up Derivative Settlement - - - - Warrants issued for debt discount - - - - Recognition of warrant liability - - - - Adjustment for rounding on reverse - - - Net Loss - - - - Balances December 31, 2022 - For the year ended December 31, 2021 Balances, December 31, 2020 - - Common Shares issued for: Conversion of Series C Preferred Stock - - True-Up Shares - - - Issuance of Common Shares for Consulting Fees - - - Equity contribution - - - - Warrants issued for compensation - - - - Issuance of Series G Stock for cash - - - Issuance of Common stock warrants for cash - - - - Issuance of Series C Preferred Shares for Cash Proceeds - - - Series C fair value adjustment - - - - Issuance of Series C Preferred Shares for Cash Proceeds - - - Transfer of Series C Preferred Stock to Permanent Equity - - Net Loss - - - - Balances December 31, 2021 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used by operating activities Stock-based compensation Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion Change in fair value of derivative liability Amortization of debt discount (Equity) deficit in earnings of unconsolidated entity Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Loans to Viking Repayments received from Viking Cash paid for Viking investment Net cash provided (used) in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Series C Preferred Stock Proceeds from issuance of Series G Preferred Stock Redemption of Series C Preferred Stock Redemption of Series G Preferred Stock Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for: Interest Taxes Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Conversion of Series C Preferred Stock True-up derivative settlement Adjustment for rounding on reverse stock split Warrants issued for debt discount Recognition of warrant liability Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock as investment in Viking The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS interest in Viking Energy Group, Inc. Viking ). On January 8, 2021 and on July 29, 2021 the Company acquired additional interests in Viking resulting in the Company owning approximately of the outstanding common shares of Viking at December 31, 2022. The Company accounts for its investment in Viking under the equity method of accounting because the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Viking, but not control. The December 2020, January 2021 and July 2021 transactions and a merger agreement signed between Camber and Viking in February 2021 are described further below. December 23, 2020 Transaction On December 23, 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Viking, pursuant to which Camber acquired shares Camber s Investment of Viking common stock Camber s Viking Shares ), which constituted of the total outstanding common stock of Viking, in consideration of (i) Camber s payment of to Viking (the Cash Purchase Price ), and (ii) cancellation of in promissory notes issued by Viking to Camber Camber s Viking Notes ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement, Viking was obligated to issue additional shares of Viking common stock to Camber, if necessary, to ensure Camber owned at least 51 of the common stock of Viking through July 1, 2022. In connection with Camber s Investment, the Company and Viking terminated their previous merger agreement, dated August 31, 2020, as amended, and the Company assigned its membership interests in the Company s unconsolidated subsidiary, Elysium Energy Holdings, LLC Elysium ), to Viking. Also in connection with Camber s Investment, effective December 23, 2020, the Company (i) borrowed from an institutional investor; (ii) issued the investor a promissory note in the principal amount of , accruing interest at the rate of per annum and maturing December 11, 2022 (the Camber Investor Note (iii) granted the Investor a first-priority security interest in Camber s Viking Shares and Camber s other assets pursuant to a pledge agreement and a general security agreement, respectively; and (iv) entered into an amendment to the Company s promissory note previously issued to the investor dated December 11, 2020 (the Additional Camber Investor Note ), amending the acceleration provision of the note to provide that the note repayment obligations would not accelerate if the Company increased its authorized capital stock by March 11, 2021 (and the Company increased its authorized capital stock in February 2021 as required). In order to close Camber s Investment, effective December 23, 2020, Viking entered into a Guaranty Agreement, guaranteeing repayment of the Camber Investor Note and the Additional Camber Investor Note. On December 23, 2020, the Camber Investor Note was funded, and the Company and Viking closed Camber s Investment, with the Company paying the Cash Purchase Price to Viking and cancelling Camber s Viking Notes, as additional consideration. In exchange, Viking issued shares of its common stock to Camber, representing of Viking s total outstanding common shares, the Viking Shares. At the closing, James Doris and Frank Barker, Jr., Viking s CEO and CFO, respectively, at the time, were appointed the CEO and CFO of Camber, and Mr. Doris was appointed a member of the Board of Directors of Camber. Acquisition of Additional Viking Shares On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into another purchase agreement with Viking pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire an additional shares of Viking common stock (the Shares in consideration of (i) the Company issuing shares of Camber s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to EMC Capital Partners, LLC EMC ), one of the Viking s lenders which held a secured promissory note issued by Viking to EMC in the original principal amount of in connection with the purchase of oil and gas assets on or about February 3, 2020 (the EMC Note and (ii) EMC considering the EMC Note paid in full and cancelled pursuant to the Cancellation Agreement described below. F-7 Table of Contents to EMC, and EMC agreed to cancel and terminate in the EMC Note and all other liabilities, claims, amounts owing and other obligations under the Note. At the same time, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with EMC pursuant to which (i) the Company agreed to issue 1,890 shares of Camber s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to EMC, and (ii) EMC agreed to enter into the Cancellation Agreement with Viking to cancel the EMC Note. February 2021 Merger Agreement with Viking On February 15, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Viking. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Camber Merger Sub would merge with and into Viking (the Merger ), with Viking surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), each share: (i) of common stock, of Viking (the Viking Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than shares owned by Camber, Viking and Merger Sub, will be converted into the right to receive one share of common stock of the Company; and (ii) of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Viking (the Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Camber Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of Camber Series A Preferred Stock will convert into 890 shares of common stock of Camber (subject to a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion into Camber common stock if the holder would be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99 of the Company s common stock), will be treated equally with the Company s common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation, and will only have voting rights with respect to voting: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce the Company s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. Holders of Viking Common Stock and Viking Preferred Stock will have any fractional shares of Camber common stock or preferred stock after the Merger rounded up to the nearest whole share. At the Effective Time, each outstanding Viking equity award, will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration in respect of each share of Viking Common Stock underlying such equity award and, in the case of Viking stock options, be converted into vested Camber stock options based on the merger exchange ratio calculated as provided above (the Exchange Ratio ). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that effective as of the Effective Time, James A. Doris, the current Chief Executive Officer of both the Company and Viking, shall continue to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer following the Effective Time. The Merger Agreement provides that, as of the Effective Time, the Combined Company will have its headquarters in Houston, Texas. The Merger Agreement also provides that, during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, each of Viking and the Company will be subject to certain restrictions on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties, to provide non-public information to third parties and to engage in discussions with third parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals, subject to customary exceptions. Viking is required to hold a meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the adoption of the Merger Agreement and, subject to certain exceptions, to recommend that its stockholders vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. The Company is required to hold a meeting of its stockholders to approve the issuance of Viking Common Stock and Viking Preferred Stock in connection with the Merger (the Share Issuance ). The completion of the Merger is subject to customary conditions, including (i) adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company s stockholders and approval of the Share Issuance by the Company s stockholders, (ii) receipt of required regulatory approvals, (iii) effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 for the Company s common stock to be issued in the Merger (the Form S-4 ), and (iv) the absence of any law, order, injunction, decree or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the Merger or making the completion of the Merger illegal. Each party s obligation to complete the Merger is also subject to certain additional customary conditions, including (i) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, performance by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement and (iii) the absence of any material adverse effect on the other party, as defined in the Merger Agreement. F-8 Table of Contents shares of Viking common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . The proceeds from the transaction were used by Viking to (i) acquire an approximate interest Simson-Maxwell, Ltd, a Canadian company engaged in the manufacture and supply of industrial engines, power generation products, services and custom energy solutions; (ii) acquire a license of a patented carbon-capture system for exclusive use in Canada and for a specified number of locations in the United States; and (iii) for general working capital purposes. Accounting for the Viking Investment As noted above, in accordance with the terms of the Viking Investment, Mr. James A. Doris became the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, resulting in Mr. Doris being the President and Chief Executive Officer of each of the Company and Viking. Mr. Doris does not own any shares of the Company but he owns or controls shares of Series C Preferred Stock of Viking with significant voting rights. Such voting rights were suspended until July 1, 2022 or if Mr. Doris were no longer the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company has determined that it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations and policies of Viking, but not control of Viking given the voting rights associated with Mr. Doris Series C Preferred Stock. Consequently, the Company accounts for the Viking Investment under the equity method. F-9 Table of Contents for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of 253,831,624 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 loss was comprised of, among other things, certain non-cash items with a total net impact of including: (i) a loss on derivative liability of (ii) loss in earnings of unconsolidated entity of (iii) stock-based compensation of ; and (iv) depreciation, depletion and accretion of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a stockholders deficit of and total long-term debt of , net of debt discount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a working capital deficiency of approximately million. The largest components of current liabilities creating this working capital deficiency are a derivative liability of million and a warrant liability of million. Management believes it will be able to continue to leverage the expertise and relationships of its operational and technical teams to enhance existing assets and identify new development and acquisition opportunities in order to improve the Company s financial position. The Company may have the ability, if it can raise additional capital, to acquire new assets in a separate division from existing subsidiaries. Nonetheless, recent oil and gas price volatility as a result of geopolitical conditions and the global COVID-19 pandemic have already had and may continue to have a negative impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. Negative impacts could include but are not limited to: The Company s ability to sell our oil and gas production, reduction in the selling price of the Company s oil and gas, failure of a counterparty to make required hedge payments, possible disruption of production as a result of worker illness or mandated production shutdowns, the Company s ability to maintain compliance with loan covenants and/or refinance existing indebtedness, and access to new capital and financing. These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to utilize the resources in place to generate future profitable operations, to develop additional acquisition opportunities, and to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from business operations when they come due. Management believes the Company will be able to continue to develop new opportunities and will be able to obtain additional funds through debt and / or equity financings to facilitate its development strategy; however, there is no assurance of additional funding being available. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence. The Company entered into a Loan Agreement on December 24, 2021 with the investor named therein (the Investor pursuant to which the Investor agreed to loan the Company subject to, among other things, the Company having increased its authorized capital of common shares on or before December 31, 2021, which increase occurred on December 30, 2021. F-10 Table of Contents (the Loan Proceeds from the Investor, and in connection therewith executed and delivered the following in favor of the Investor: (i) a promissory note dated on or about December 31, 2021 in the principal amount of , representing a original issue discount (the Investor Note ), accruing interest at a rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, payable at maturity, and maturing January 1, 2027; (ii) a Security Agreement-Pledge (the Pledge Agreement granting the Investor a first-priority security interest in Camber s common shares of Viking Energy Group, Inc.; and (iii) a general security agreement (the Security Agreement granting the Investor a first-priority security interest in Camber s other assets. The Investor may convert amounts owing under the Investor Note into shares of common stock of Camber at a fixed price of 1.50 per share, subject to beneficial ownership limitations. The obligations under the Investor Note are supported by a Guaranty from Viking Energy Group, Inc. The majority of the Loan Proceeds of the loan were used to: (i) redeem shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company not owned by the Investor or its affiliates; and (ii) pay in full the secured loan disclosed by the Company in a Current Report Filed on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2021. Basis of Consolidation Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements F-11 Table of Contents - - Assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021 and losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 are classified below based on the three fair value hierarchy described above: - - F-12 Table of Contents . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s cash in excess of the federally insured limit was and , respectively. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accounts Receivable Investment in Unconsolidated Entities Limitation on Capitalized Costs F-13 Table of Contents Oil and Gas Reserves Income (loss) per Share Revenue Recognition Income Taxes F-14 Table of Contents Stock-Based Compensation Derivative Liabilities conversion rate. Upon conversion, the holder is entitled to dividends as if the shares had been held to maturity, which is referred to as the Conversion Premium. The Conversion Premium may be paid in shares or cash, at the option of the Company. If the Conversion Premium is paid in cash, the amount is fixed and not subject to adjustment. If the Conversion Premium is paid in shares, the conversion ratio is based on a volume weighted average price VWAP calculation based on the lowest stock price over the Measurement Period. The Measurement Period is 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) prior to the conversion date and 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) after the conversion date. The VWAP calculation is subject to adjustment if there is a Triggering Event and the Measurement Period is subject to adjustment in the event that the Company is in default of one or more Equity Conditions provided in the COD. For example, the Measurement Period may be extended one day for every day the Company is not in compliance with one or more of the Equity Conditions. Trigger events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. F-15 Table of Contents Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Subsequent events F-16 Table of Contents Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization Proved developed producing oil and gas properties, net Camber uses the full cost method of accounting for oil and natural gas producing activities. Costs to acquire mineral interests in oil and natural gas properties, to drill and equip exploratory wells used to find proved reserves, and to drill and equip development wells including directly related overhead costs and related asset retirement costs are capitalized. Under this method, all costs, including internal costs directly related to acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized as oil and natural gas property costs on a country-by-country basis. Costs not subject to amortization consist of unproved properties that are evaluated on a property-by-property basis. Amortization of these unproved property costs begins when the properties become proved or their values become impaired. Camber assesses overall values of unproved properties, if any, on at least an annual basis or when there has been an indication that impairment in value may have occurred. Impairment of unproved properties is assessed based on management s intention with regard to future development of individually significant properties and the ability of Camber to obtain funds to finance its programs. If the results of an assessment indicate that the properties are impaired, the amount of the impairment is added to the capitalized costs to be amortized. Sales of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to the net full cost pool with no gain or loss recognized, unless the adjustment would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves. If it is determined that the relationship is significantly altered, the corresponding gain or loss will be recognized in the statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any impairments. of the outstanding common shares of Viking at December 31, 2022. Table below shows the changes in the investments in unconsolidated entities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Investment in Viking Proportionate share of (losses) Carrying amount ending F-17 Table of Contents Accretion Carrying amount at end of year Note payable to Discover Growth Fund, pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated December 11, 2020 in the original amount of 6,000,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. The Note is secured by lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. Note payable to Discover Growth Fund, pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated December 22, 2020 in the original amount of 12,000,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. The Note is secured by first lien on the Company s ownership in Viking. Note payable to Discover Growth Fund, LLC pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated April 23, 2021 in the original amount of 2,500,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. The Note is secured by lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. Note payable to Discover Growth Fund, LLC pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated December 9, 2021 in the original amount of 1,000,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on March 8, 2022. The Note is secured by lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. The note was paid in full on January 4, 2022. Principal value of debt Less: unamortized debt discount Total long-term debt, net Less current portion The Company entered into a Loan Agreement on December 24, 2021 with Discover Growth Fund, LLC Discover pursuant to which the agreed to loan the Company subject to, among other things, the Company having increased its authorized capital of common shares on or before December 31, 2021, which increase occurred on December 30, 2021. F-18 Table of Contents representing a original issue discount of the loan face value of . The Company granted the lender a first-priority security interest in Camber s common shares of Viking and a first-priority security interest in Camber s other assets. The notes are convertible into shares of common stock of Camber at a fixed price of per share, subject to beneficial ownership limitations. The obligations under the Investor Note are supported by a Guaranty from Viking. As an incentive to enter into the Note agreement, Camber granted the lender warrants to purchase shares of Camber common stock at an exercise price of and warrants with an exercise price of . The warrants expire on . The Company allocated the net proceeds received of to the notes and the warrants based on relative fair value and recorded the loan proceeds allocated to the warrants as an additional debt discount of . The fair value of the warrants was determined based on a Black-Scholes model. Debt discounts on the Note are amortized over the life of the Note using the interest method. The majority of the Loan Proceeds of the loan were used to: (i) redeem shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company not owned by the Investor or its affiliates; and (ii) pay in full the secured loan disclosed by the Company in a Current Report Filed on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2021. Principal maturities of long-term debt for the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Interest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The above notes were in default at various times, but have been resolved through settlement (see Note 13 - Stockholders Deficit per common share and, because the conversion is generally outside the control of the Company, the face value of the Series C Stock is considered temporary equity and recorded at redemption value. The Conversion Premium is convertible into common shares based on a variable that is not an input to fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined in FASB ASC 815-40 and is a derivative liability and is recorded at fair value. F-19 Table of Contents was increased in accordance with the terms of the Series C Stock to due to covenant violations. The increase in the conversion premium was recorded as an increase in the derivative liability and a loss on change in fair value of derivative liability. F-20 Table of Contents . These factors have exacerbated daily volatility of our stock price. Consequently, the closing price of the Company s stock on the reporting date may not, in all cases, represent the fair value of the common share required to satisfy the redemption of the Series C Stock. Recognizing that the closing share price of our publicly traded stock is an observable input to fair value, such price was used for determining fair value in most cases and the Company only considered an alternative measure of fair value when the closing price of the Company s common stock varied by more than 30 from the five-day moving average immediately prior to the measurement date. In such cases, an average closing price of the previous 30-day period was used as an estimate of fair value, adjusted for stock splits if applicable. In addition, conversion of the Series C shares may require a significant number of common shares to be issued in relation to the total number of shares outstanding. The market price of the Company s common stock may not appropriately reflect the potential for significant dilution caused by a large conversion and may not be representative of market value. In cases where the number of common shares required to satisfy a conversion of the Series C shares into common stock was significant in relation to the total number of shares outstanding (approximately 30 or greater) fair value of the embedded features was determined based on the historical market capitalization of the Company. Activities for derivative Series C Preferred Stock derivative liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Issued Series C preferred shares Change in fair value Settlement of obligation (issuance of common shares) Carrying amount at end of year The fair value of the derivative liability has been estimated using a binomial model and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock as of the date of conversion. F-21 Table of Contents per month commencing April 2021. The Company s CFO, Frank W. Barker, Jr., renders professional services to the Company through FWB Consulting, Inc., an affiliate of Mr. Barker, at a rate of per month commencing April 2021. overriding royalty interest and working interest and that the Company failed to pay such overriding royalty interest or royalty interest. The interests relate to certain oil and gas properties which the Company subsequently sold to Nordic Oil USA in April 2013. The petition alleges causes of actions for breach of contract, failure to pay royalties, non-payment of working interest, fraud, fraud in the inducement of contract, money had and received, constructive trust, violation of theft liability act, continuing tort and fraudulent concealment. The suit seeks approximately in amounts alleged owed, plus pre-and post-judgment interest. The Company has filed a denial to the claims and intends to vehemently defend itself against the allegations. F-22 Table of Contents Natural gas sales and liquids Total oil and gas revenue from customers shares of restricted common stock to service providers in consideration for investor relations and marketing services. The Company recognized , based on the grant date fair value of the Company s common stock, in share-based compensation expense. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock On August 31, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the designation of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), which were designated with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 31, 2020 (the Series A Designation to have substantially similar rights as the Series C Preferred Stock of Viking (as amended), as adjusted for the exchange ratio of the Merger agreement at that time. On December 23, 2020, the Company entered into (i) a termination agreement with Viking terminating the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 31, 2020, as amended to date. On February 15, 2021, the Company entered into a new Agreement and Plan of Merger with Viking. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Viking, upon closing of the Merger, each one (1) share of Viking Series C Preferred Stock Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be converted into the right to receive one (1) share of the to be designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Preferred ). Each share of Camber Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into shares of common stock of Camber subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, will be treated equally with the Company s common shareholders with respect to dividends and liquidation, and will have no right to vote on any matters, questions or proceedings of Camber except: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock issue and outstanding. Effective on May 15, 2020, due to the fact that no shares of Series B Preferred Stock were outstanding, the Board of Directors approved, and the Company filed, a Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation relating to such series of preferred stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada and terminated the designation of its Series B Preferred Stock effective as of the same date. F-23 Table of Contents shares of Series C Preferred Stock for total proceeds of million. In the event the Merger Agreement entered into with Viking in February 2020 is terminated for any reason, we (until June 22, 2020, when such terms were amended) these shares were required to be redeemed at a 110 premium, in an aggregate amount equal to . Because of the previous redemption requirement and due to certain redemption features, which are outside the control of the Company, the Series C Preferred Stock is classified as temporary equity on the March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 balance sheets. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with U.S. GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. In addition, the Series C Preferred Stock contains an embedded derivative and an additional derivative upon conversion. (See Note 9) On January 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of Camber s Series C Preferred Stock to EMC Capital Partners, LLC, one of Viking s lenders, in full satisfaction of a secured promissory note previously issued by Viking to EMC, accrued interest and certain other liabilities totaling approximately . The issuance was recorded as an additional investment by the Company in Viking. The Company has not declared any dividends on the Series C Preferred stock, but recognized cumulative dividends as an adjustment to income available to common stockholders and an increase in the carrying value of the Series C Preferred Stock. On April 15, 2021, the Company, with the approval of the Board of Directors, and holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock, filed certificate of corrections with the Secretary of State of Nevada to correct the original designation of the Company s Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and the subsequent amended and restated designations thereof, to correct certain errors which were identified in such designations as follows: Section I.D.2(e) of the prior Certificates of Designation implicitly excluded as a Deemed Liquidation Event , an event or proposal that was initiated by or voted upon by the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock, and the Designations have been clarified to expressly exclude such occurrence. Section I.F.4 of the Designations failed to include language to clarify that the Company is not obligated to redeem the Preferred Shares for cash for any reason that is not solely within the control of the Company. Section I.G.1 of the Designations mistakenly included two subsection b. s where only one was intended, and the unintended subsection b. has been removed. Section I.G.1(e) of the Designations failed to include language to clarify that the Company not having sufficient authorized but unissued shares, solely within the control of the Company and excluding any event that is not solely within the control of the Company, is not a reason that would otherwise trigger the obligations in such section. Sections I.G.1(f) and (g) of the Designations failed to include language to clarify the particular obligations apply only if the Company has sufficient authorized and unissued shares. Section I.G.7(e) of the Designations mistakenly referenced the incorrect Conversion Price. Section I.G.9 of the Designations failed to include language to clarify the maximum number of common shares that could be potentially issuable with respect to all conversions and other events that are not solely within the control of the Company, that the Dividend Maturity Date is to be indefinitely extended and suspended until sufficient authorized and unissued shares become available, the number of shares required to settle the excess obligation is fixed on the date that net share settlement occurs and that all provisions of the Designations are to be interpreted so that net share settlement is within the control of the Company. The corrections in the Certificates of Correction were effective as of the original filing dates with the Secretary of State of Nevada of the Company s original Series C Preferred Stock designation (August 25, 2016), the Company s first amended and restated Series C Preferred Stock designation (July 8, 2019), and the Company s second amended and restated Series C Preferred Stock designation (December 14, 2020), subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes. The corrections corrected the designations to reflect the original intentions of the parties and to conform such designations to the way the Series C Preferred Stock had been accounted for in practice since its original designation/issuance. F-24 Table of Contents to . On November 8, 2021, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada a Fifth Amended and Restated Designation regarding its Series C Preferred Stock which amended the Designations to provide voting rights to holders of the Series C Preferred Stock as required by the October 2021 Agreements (as defined herein). On October 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the COD (the Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), pursuant to the Agreements, which amended the COD such that (i) beginning on the Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of the Company s common stock Common Stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least 1.50 and each Investor waived the right to receive any additional shares of Common Stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Agreement Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and (ii) (A) beginning on the Amendment Date and for the period through December 30, 2022, the Measuring Metric will be the higher of the amount provided in Section I.G.7.1(ii) of the COD and 0.20, and (B) beginning at market close on December 30, 2022 and thereafter, the Measuring Metric will be the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock on any day of trading following the date of first issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Series C Preferred shares were convertible into a substantial number of the Company s common shares which could result in significant dilution of the Company s existing shareholders. If the outstanding Series C Preferred were converted as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimates that the following common shares would be required to be issued to satisfy the conversion of the Series C Preferred shares: Estimated number of common shares required to satisfy Conversion Premium using VWAP at period end based on 270 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of such date and the estimated low VWAP as at such date based on 3,886 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of such date and the estimated low VWAP as at such date Additionally, even if the Series C preferred shares were converted on the above dates, the Company could, pursuant to terms out in the COD, be required to issue additional common shares (true-up shares). F-25 Table of Contents per share for the purpose of calculating the Conversion Premium. Since the Measurement Period with respect to such conversions did not end until October 28, 2022 (as further explained below) and because the low VWAP subsequent to the conversions declined to approximately 0.1519 during such period, EMC received certain true-up shares in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, EMC held zero shares of Series C Preferred Stock, but is entitled to common shares in connection with prior conversions. The Company anticipates issuing these common shares to EMC if the Company s shareholders approve an increase in the Company s authorized capital. The majority of the Series C Preferred Stock previously converted into common shares by Antilles in 2022 were based on the low VWAP of the Company s common stock being 0.4503 per share. Since the Measurement Period with respect to the Antilles Conversions did not end until October 28, 2022 (as further explained below) and because the low VWAP subsequent to the conversions declined during such period, Antilles received certain true-up shares in 2022 based on an agreed upon low VWAP of 0.20 per share. As of December 31, 2022, Antilles was not due any more True-Up shares. October 2022 Agreements Regarding the Series C Preferred Stock On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into two agreements (collectively, the Agreements in relation to an amendment to the fifth amended and restated certificate of designations regarding the Company s Series C Preferred Stock (the COD as an accommodation to the Company and in order to help facilitate implementation of the Company s business plans and continued trading on the NYSE American LLC, and in exchange for the release and indemnity as provided in the Agreements. On October 31, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the COD (the Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), pursuant to the Agreements, which amended the COD such that (i) beginning on the Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of the Company s common stock Common Stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least 1.50 and each Investor waived the right to receive any additional shares of Common Stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Agreement Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and (ii) (A) beginning on the Amendment Date and for the period through December 30, 2022, the Measuring Metric will be the higher of the amount provided in Section I.G.7.1(ii) of the COD and 0.20, and (B) beginning at market close on December 30, 2022 and thereafter, the Measuring Metric will be the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock on any day of trading following the date of first issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. F-26 Table of Contents per share. The rights, entitlements and other characteristics of the Series G Preferred Stock are set out in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series G Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the State of Nevada on December 30, 2021 (the COD ). Pursuant to the COD, the Series G Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of common stock at any time at the option of the holder at a price per share of common stock equal to one cent above the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the issuance of such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, or as otherwise specified in the Stock Purchase Agreement, subject to adjustment as otherwise provided in the COD. Upon conversion, the Company will pay the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock being converted a conversion premium equal to the amount of dividends that such shares would have otherwise earned if they had been held through the maturity date. The Series G Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, rank: (a) senior to the Company s common stock; (b) junior to the Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) senior to the Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series F Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, as such may be designated as of the date of this Designation, or which may be designated by the Company after the date of this Designation; (d) senior, pari passu or junior with respect to any other series of Preferred Stock, as set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations with respect to such Preferred Stock; and (d) junior to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company. Except as prohibited by applicable law or as set forth herein, the holders of shares of Series G Preferred Stock will have the right to vote together with holders of common stock and Series C Preferred on all matters other than: (i) the election of directors; (ii) and any shareholder proposals, including proposals initiated by any holder of shares of Series G Preferred Stock), in each instance on an as-converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the COD even if there are insufficient shares of authorized common stock to fully convert the shares of Series G Preferred Stock into common stock. Commencing on the date of the issuance of any such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, each outstanding share of Series G Preferred Stock will accrue cumulative dividends at a rate equal to per annum, subject to adjustment as provided in the COD, of the Face Value. Dividends will be payable with respect to any shares of Series G Preferred Stock upon any of the following: (a) upon redemption of such shares in accordance with the COD; (b) upon conversion of such shares in accordance with the COD; and (c) when, as and if otherwise declared by the board of directors of the Corporation. Dividends, as well as any applicable Conversion Premium payable hereunder, will be paid in shares of common stock valued at (i) if there is no Material Adverse Change MAC as at the date of payment or issuance of common shares for the Conversion Premium, as applicable, (A) . F-27 Table of Contents shares of newly designated Series G redeemable convertible preferred stock (the Series G Preferred Stock ), having a face value of per share, for an aggregate price of (the Purchase Price ), representing at a original issue discount. The Purchase Price was paid by the Investor via payment of in cash, and the execution and delivery of four Promissory Notes (each a Note and collectively, the Notes from the Investor in favor of Company, each in the amount of and payable by the Investor to the Company on March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. There are shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note, and the Investor may not convert the shares of preferred stock associated with each Note into shares of common stock or sell any of the underlying shares of common stock (the Conversion Shares unless that Note is paid in full by the Investor. The Company may in its sole discretion redeem the 2,636 shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note by paying the Investor as full consideration for such redemption. Also, the Investor may offset the then outstanding balance of each Note against the 2,636 shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with that Note by electing to cancel the 2,636 shares as full consideration for cancellation of the Note in the event of a breach or default of any of the transaction documents by the Company. Partial Redemptions of Series G Preferred Stock On March 10, 2022, the Company paid the Investor 1,375,000 and redeemed the shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with the Note due March 31, 2022, thereby canceling such Note and reducing the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding from to 7,908. On June 15, 2022, the Company paid the Investor and redeemed an additional 2,636 shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with the Note due June 30, 2022, thereby canceling such Note and reducing the number of shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding from 7,908 to 5,272. As mentioned above, the Investor may not convert any of the remaining shares of preferred stock associated with any remaining Note into shares of common stock or sell any of the underlying shares of common stock unless that Note is paid in full by the Investor, and the Company may redeem the shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note by paying the Investor as full consideration for such redemption. Warrants On April 26, 2021, the Company issued warrants to Regal Consulting, LLC Regal entitling Regal to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. The Company recognized an expense of in connection with the warrants. The warrants expired on April 25, 2022. F-28 Table of Contents (1) (2) (2) (3) (3) (1) Warrants issued in connection with a Severance Agreement with Richard N. Azar II, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. The warrants were exercisable on the grant date (May 25, 2018) and remain exercisable until May 24, 2023. (2) Warrants issued in connection with the Series G Preferred Stock and remain exercisable until December 30, 2026 (3) Warrants issued in connection with the issuance of a 25,000,000 promissory note shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for initial issuance or grant, under the 2012 Incentive Plan, shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for initial issuance or grant, and under the 2014 Incentive Plan, as amended, shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance or grant. As of September 30, 2020, there was an aggregate of share available for issuance or grant under the 2010 Incentive Plan, shares were available for issuance or grant under the 2012 Incentive Plan and an aggregate of approximately securities were available for issuance or grant under the 2014 Incentive Plan as amended for future issuances and grants, respectively. The number of securities available under the 2010, 2012 and 2014 Plans is reduced one for one for each security delivered pursuant to an award under the Plans. Any issued or granted security that becomes available due to expiration, forfeiture, surrender, cancellation, termination or settlement in cash of an award under the Incentive Plans may be requested and used as part of a new award under the Plans. The Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee and/or the Board in its discretion (the Committee ). The Committee interprets the Plans and has broad discretion to select the eligible persons to whom awards will be granted, as well as the type, size and terms and conditions of each award, including the exercise price of stock options, the number of shares subject to awards, the expiration date of awards, and the vesting schedule or other restrictions applicable to awards. Camber measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award over the vesting period. F-29 Table of Contents , which amendment was filed with the State of Nevada on February 23, 2021. On December 30, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock , which amendment was filed with the State of Nevada on December 30, 2021. On December 14, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 1 for 50 reverse stock split of the Company s (a) authorized shares of common stock; and (b) issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The Company filed a Certificate of Change to decrease the number of our authorized shares of common stock , which certificate was filed with the State of Nevada on December 16, 2022. to income from continuing operations before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Nondeductible expenses / changes in prior estimates Change in valuation allowance Total Tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred liabilities are presented below: Depreciation, depletion and amortization (Income) loss from equity interests Stock-based compensation Bad debt reserve Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) Less: valuation allowance Total The above estimates are based on management s decisions concerning certain elections which could change the relationship between net income and taxable income. Management decisions are made annually and could cause the estimates to vary significantly. As of December 31, 2022, the Company revised the estimate of its deferred tax asset, and corresponding valuation allowance, for prior years in the amount of . The Company experienced an ownership change within the meaning of IRC Section 382 during the year ended March 31, 2017. As a result, certain limitations apply to the annual amount of net operating losses that can be used to offset post ownership change taxable income. The Company has estimated that million of its pre-ownership change net operating loss could potentially be lost due to the IRC Section 382 limitation for the year ended March 31, 2017. This amount may increase if the Company experiences another ownership change(s) since the last ownership change. However, the income tax effect of those ownership change(s) should be nil as the Company had recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred assets. As of December 31, 2022, there have not been any additional ownership changes that the Company believes would lead to further IRC Section 382 limitations. F-30 Table of Contents million and million, respectively, adjusted for the ownership change limitation discussed above, which will begin to expire, if not previously used, beginning in the fiscal year 2028. A valuation allowance has been established for the entire amount of the deferred tax assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2017 Tax Reform ). The 2017 Tax Reform significantly revised the future ongoing U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates and implementing a territorial tax system. The Company has reasonably estimated the effects of the 2017 Tax Reform and recorded provisional amounts in the consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2018. This amount is primarily comprised of the re-measurement of federal net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the permanent reduction in the U.S. statutory corporate tax rate to , from . The Company will continue to monitor additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, so we may make adjustments to the provisional amounts (if any). However, management s opinion is that future adjustments due to the 2017 Tax Reform should not have a material impact on the Company s provision for income taxes. On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES ACT ). The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to net operating loss NOL carryback periods. The Company is evaluating the impact, if any, that the CARES Act may have on the Company s future operations, financial position, and liquidity in fiscal year 2021. At this time, the Company does not expect to realize the benefits of the NOL carryback provisions. The Company files income tax returns for federal and state purposes. Management believes that with few exceptions, the Company is not subject to examination by United States tax authorities for periods prior to 2018. Less preferred dividends Net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator Weighted average share basic Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents options/warrants Preferred C shares Denominator Total Weighted average common shares diluted Income (loss) per common share - basic Income (loss) per common share - diluted F-31 Table of Contents shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. Issuance of True Up Shares for prior Conversions of Series C Preferred Stock: From January 1, 2023 through February 17, 2023, the Company issued a total of approximately common shares as True Up shares associated with prior conversions of Series C Preferred Stock as a result of the continuation of the Measurement Period (as defined in the Certificate of Designation with respect to such Series C Preferred Stock) associated with such conversions and a decline in the price of the Company s common shares within the Measurement Period. Outstanding Series C Preferred Stock As of February 17, 2023, Antilles holds shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Antilles may convert such Series C Preferred Stock into common shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 8, 2021, as amended on October 28, 2022 (as further described herein) (collectively, the COD ), and applicable agreements between the Company and Antilles. The Company estimates the shares of Series C Preferred Stock would convert into approximately million common shares based on a Low VWAP of approximately for the purposes of calculating the conversion premium associated with such conversion(s). In addition, the Company estimates Antilles is entitled to approximately common shares in connection with the conversion by Antilles of shares of common stock earlier in 2023 as a result of the low VWAP with respect to such conversion(s) decreased from at the time of conversion to approximately within Trading Days subsequent to the date of such conversion(s). If the Low VWAP falls below , the underlying common share entitlement(s) would increase in accordance with the terms of the COD. Other Agreements Potential Acquisition of a Facility Designed to Produce Renewable Diesel: As disclosed in a Current Report filed by the Company on Form 8-K with the SEC on or about January, 23, 2023, the Company, on January 20, 2023, entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA with RESC Renewables Holdings, LLC (the Seller to acquire all of the membership interests (the Acquired Interests of New Rise Renewables, LLC New Rise ). New Rise owns all of membership interests in New Rise Renewables Reno, LLC New Rise Reno and, together with New Rise, the Acquired Companies ). The Acquired Companies are in the process of constructing and bringing into commercial operations a processing plant located near Reno, Nevada, that is designed to produce renewable diesel. Each party s obligation to complete the transactions contemplated by the MIPA is subject to certain conditions. Some of these conditions provide the Company with significant discretion. Other conditions require compliance by third parties that are outside of the control of the Company and Seller. Accordingly, the transactions described herein are subject to substantial risk of completion. In the event the transaction is not completed, it may result in a material adverse effect to price of the Company s common shares. F-32 Table of Contents Lease operating costs Depletion Net operating income Reserve Quantity Information The supplemental unaudited presentation of proved reserve quantities and related standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows provides estimates only and does not purport to reflect realizable values or fair market values of the Company s reserves. The Company emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise and that estimates of new discoveries are more imprecise than those of producing oil and gas properties. Accordingly, significant changes to these estimates can be expected as future information becomes available. Proved reserves are those estimated reserves of crude oil (including condensate and natural gas liquids) and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed reserves are those expected to be recovered through existing wells, equipment, and operating methods. Estimated Quantities of Proved Reserves Proved Developed, Non-Producing Total Proved Developed Proved Undeveloped Total Proved F-33 Table of Contents Natural Gas (Mcf) NGL (Bbls) Oil Equivalents (Boe) Proved Developed Non-Producing Reserves Crude Oil (Bbls) Natural Gas (Mcf) NGL (Bbls) Oil Equivalents (Boe) Proved Undeveloped Reserves Crude Oil (Bbls) Natural Gas (Mcf) NGL (Bbls) Oil Equivalents (Boe) Proved Reserves Crude Oil (Bbls) Natural Gas (Mcf) NGL (Bbls) Oil Equivalents (Boe) Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Reserves The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves and the changes in standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves were prepared in accordance with provisions of ASC 932 - Extractive Activities - Oil and Gas . Future cash inflows at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were computed by applying the unweighted, arithmetic average of the closing price on the first day of each month for the 12-month period prior to December 31, 2022 and 2021 to estimated future production. Future production and development costs are computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and natural gas reserves at year-end, based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. F-34 Table of Contents Future production costs Future development costs Future income tax expense Future net cash flows 10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows Standardized measure of DFNCF Changes in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows The changes in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Net changes in prices and production costs Net changes in future development costs Sales of oil and gas produced, net Extensions, discoveries and improved recovery Purchases of reserves Sales of reserves Revisions of previous quantity estimates Previously estimated development costs incurred Net change in income taxes Accretion of discount Other Balance - ending In accordance with SEC requirements, the pricing used in the Company s standardized measure of future net revenues is based on the 12-month un-weighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the period January through December for each period presented and adjusted by lease for transportation fees and regional price differentials. The use of SEC pricing rules may not be indicative of actual prices realized by the Company in the future. F-35 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE On September 16, 2021, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit Committee of Camber Energy, Inc, Inc. (the Company ), dismissed Marcum LLP Marcum as its independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of such date. The report of Marcum on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 and for the years then ended did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, other than an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, and for the years then ended were the most current audited financial statements of the Company, the Company changed its fiscal year to December 31 st on February 4, 2021, and on September 11, 2021, the Company determined that those audited financial statements should not be relied on, and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about September 16, 2021, regarding that non-reliance. During the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the transition period ended December 31, 2020, and through May 6, 2022, there were no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with Marcum on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Marcum, would have caused Marcum to make reference to the matter in its report on the consolidated financial statements for such year. On September 17, 2021, the Audit Committee approved the appointment of Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. Turner Stone as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, and such engagement was formalized on September 21, 2021. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation described above, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 59 Table of Contents Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Interim Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Due to inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate as a result of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance. Management has identified the following material weaknesses in the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting: 1. The Company does not have sufficient staff to maintain a proper segregation of duties; 2. The Company lacks sufficient internal resources to analyze and interpret accounting for certain complex features of the Series C Preferred shares and other complex accounting issues; and 3. The Company does not have enough competent accounting staff and senior management that can provide proper oversight and detection of errors. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria framework established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the assessment, our management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer with reasonable assurances that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will achieve their objectives. However, the Company s management does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal control over financial reporting can or will prevent all human error. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are internal resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be weighed relative to their corresponding costs. Because of the limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide complete assurance that all control issues and instances of error, if any, within the Company are detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur due to human error or mistake. Additionally, controls, no matter how well designed, could be circumvented by the individual acts of specific persons within the organization. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and such design may not succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all potential future conditions. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 60 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information about our Executive Officers and Directors The following table and accompanying descriptions indicate the name of each officer and director, including their age, principal occupation or employment, and the year in which each person first became a director. Name Position Date First Elected/Appointed as Director Age James A. Doris Chief Executive Officer and Director December 23, 2020 51 Frank W. Barker, Jr. Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer December 23, 2020 67 Fred Zeidman Director January 11, 2018 75 James G. Miller Director July 10, 2018 73 Robert Green Director December 23, 2020 60 Information Concerning the Board of Directors and its Committees All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. We have historically compensated our directors for service on the Board and committees thereof through the issuance of shares of common stock, stock options and cash compensation for meeting fees. Additionally, we reimburse directors for expenses incurred by them in connection with the attendance at meetings of the Board and any committee thereof (as described below). The Board appoints annually the executive officers of the Company and the executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board. The business experience of each of the persons listed above during the past five years is as follows: James A. Doris, Chief Executive Officer Mr. Doris was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Company on December 23, 2020 in conjunction with the acquisition of Viking by the Company. He has been an officer and director of the Viking Energy Group, Inc. since 2014 and has been an integral part of transitioning the Company s to an appropriate platform to facilitate growth. He has over 25 years of experience negotiating national and international business transactions. Formerly a lawyer in Canada, Mr. Doris represented domestic and foreign clients regarding their investment activities in Canada for over 16 years. Prior to starting his own law firm, Mr. Doris served as Executive Vice President and In-House Counsel for a real estate investment and development company as well as working at one of Canada s leading law firms. Mr. Doris graduated cum laude from the University of Ottawa. Frank W. Barker, Jr. Chief Financial Officer Mr. Barker was appointed as Chief Financial Officer for the Company on December 23, 2020 in conjunction with the acquisition of Viking by the Company. Mr. Barker is a Certified Public Accountant licensed to practice in the State of Florida. Mr. Barker has been providing professional services to Viking Energy Group, Inc. since the beginning of 2015. On December 29, 2017, Mr. Barker accepted the position as Chief Financial Officer of Viking Energy Group, Inc. Mr. Barker has vast experience providing strategic, financial, accounting and tax-related services in various capacities to both Public and Private entities, including Compliance Reporting with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the planning, preparation and oversight of annual audit functions, presentation of financial data to Public Company Boards, turn-around management, bankruptcy and asset recovery, Strategic planning for survival of troubled companies, financial forecasting and cash flow management, litigation support and forensic analysis, mergers and acquisitions and reverse mergers. Mr. Barker has served as Chief Financial Officer of several Public Companies with Revenues in excess of 40 million. Mr. Barker s Industry experience include the fields of Defense Contracting, Manufacturing, Alternative Energy, Electrical Contracting, Healthcare Research and Construction, Oil and Gas, Health Care Services and Administration, Not for Profit, Retail, Distribution, Gaming, Real Estate, Professional Services, Internet Technologies, Media Communications, Web Based Technologies, Banking, Investments, Insurance, Private Equity, Municipal and County Governments and Treasure Exploration. Mr. Barker received a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from the University of South Florida, Tampa, Florida in 1978. 61 Table of Contents Fred S. Zeidman, Director In December 2014, Mr. Zeidman was appointed as Chairman of Gordian Group LLC, a U.S. investment bank specializing in board level advice in complex, distressed or stor y financial matters. Mr. Zeidman currently serves as Director of External Affairs of MCNA Dental, lead Director of Straight Path Communications, Inc., Director REMA and Director Prosperity Bank in Houston. He was formerly Restructuring Officer of TransMeridian Exploration Inc. and Chief Bankruptcy Trustee of AremisSoft Corp. Mr. Zeidman, Chairman Emeritus of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council, was appointed by President George W. Bush in March 2002 and served in that position from 2002-2010. A prominent Houston based business and civic leader, Mr. Zeidman also is Chairman Emeritus of the University of Texas Health Science System Houston and Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Texas Heart Institute. He is on the board of the Development Corp of Israel (Israel Bonds) and served on the Board of the National World War II Museum. Over the course of his distinguished 50-year career, Mr. Zeidman has been involved in numerous high-profile workouts, restructurings and reorganizations. He was the former CEO, President and Chairman of Seitel, Inc., a Houston-based onshore seismic data provider where he was instrumental in the successful turnaround of the Company. He held the post of Chairman of the Board and CEO of Unibar Corporation, the largest domestic independent drilling fluids company, until its sale to Anchor Drilling Fluids in 1992. Mr. Zeidman holds a Bachelor s degree from Washington University in St. Louis and a Master s in Business Administration from New York University. Director Qualifications: The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Zeidman is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his significant experience serving as a director of public and private companies and institutions and his substantial understanding of the oil and gas industry in general. 62 Table of Contents James G. Miller, Director Mr. Miller is a retired corporate executive, having served as president and CEO of several energy companies. He has previously served on the Board of Directors of companies listed on NYSE, NASDAQ and the Australian Stock Exchange. From 2009 until 2016, Mr. Miller served as a Director of Guardian 8 Holdings. From December 31, 2010 through March 2018, he was a Director of Enerjex Resources, Inc. (NYSE American), an oil and gas exploration and production company, and chaired the Audit Committee. In March 2018, Enerjex executed a merger which concluded his Board service. He also served on the Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy, Missouri Chapter, for 16 years and is a past Board Chair. Mr. Miller holds a BS in Electrical Engineering and an MBA in management from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Director Qualifications: The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Miller is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his experience having served as president and CEO of several energy companies and serving on the Board of Directors of several publicly-traded companies. Robert Green, Director Robert Green was appointed to the Board of Directors in conjunction with the acquisition of Viking and is a former Fortune 100 chief executive officer in the energy, telecommunication and utility industries, and has extensive experience in capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, and regulatory and legislative strategies. Mr. Green has served on the boards of directors of seven publicly traded companies and was elected chairman of the board of two New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) companies and three other publicly listed companies. He guided these companies and others in capital markets strategies involving initial public offerings (IPOs) and private investments with a combined value of more than 5 billion and more than 50 merger, acquisition and divestiture transactions, some of which surpassed 1 billion. Mr. Green has been a Partner at the law firm Husch Blackwell since 2003. Director Qualifications: The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Green is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his experience having served as CEO of several energy companies and serving on the Board of Directors of several publicly-traded companies. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers. Arrangements between Officers and Directors To our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 63 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers were involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, (5) being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (6) being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Information Concerning the Board and its Committees All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. We have previously compensated our directors for service on the Board and committees thereof through the issuance of shares of common stock, stock options and cash compensation for meeting fees. Additionally, we reimburse directors for expenses incurred by them in connection with the attendance at meetings of the Board and any committee thereof (as described below). The Board appoints annually the executive officers of the Company and the executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board. Executive Sessions of the Board The independent members of the Board of the Company meet in executive session (with no management directors or management present) from time to time, but at least once annually. The executive sessions include whatever topics the independent directors deem appropriate. Risk Oversight The Board exercises direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. The Audit Committee reviews and assesses the Company s processes to manage business and financial risk and financial reporting risk. It also reviews the Company s policies for risk assessment and assesses steps management has taken to control significant risks. The Compensation Committee oversees risks relating to compensation programs and policies. In each case management periodically reports to our Board or relevant committee, which provides the relevant oversight on risk assessment and mitigation. Communicating with our Board Stockholders may contact the Board about bona fide issues or questions about the Company by writing the Secretary at the following address: Attn: Secretary, Camber Energy, Inc., 15915 Katy Freeway, Suite 450, Houston, Texas 77094. Our Secretary, upon receipt of any communication other than one that is clearly marked Confidential , will note the date the communication was received, open the communication, make a copy of it for our files and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any communication that is clearly marked Confidential , our Secretary will not open the communication, but will note the date the communication was received and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. If the correspondence is not addressed to any particular Board member or members, the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention of the Board. 64 Table of Contents Board and Committee Activity and Compensation For the nine months ending December 31, 2020, the Board held 14 meetings and took various other actions via the unanimous written consent of the Board and the various committees described below. All directors attended at least 75 of the Board of Directors meetings and committee meetings relating to the committees on which each director served. All of the then current directors attended our fiscal year 2020 Annual Stockholder meeting held on March 11, 2020. The Company encourages, but does not require all directors to be present at annual meetings of stockholders. The Board has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Fred Zeidman and Mr. James G. Miller are independent members of the Board, as defined in Section 803(A) of the NYSE American Company Guide. Committee membership and the functions of those committees are described below. Board of Directors Committee Membership Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee James A. Doris Robert Green Fred Zeidman M C C James G. Miller C M M C Chairman of Committee. M Member. Audit Committee The Board has selected the members of the Audit Committee based on the Board s determination that the members are financially literate and qualified to monitor the performance of management and the independent auditors and to monitor our disclosures so that our disclosures fairly present our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Audit Committee s function is to provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling the Board s oversight functions relating to the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent auditor s qualifications and independence and the performance of the Company s independent auditors, and perform such other activities consistent with its charter and our Bylaws as the Committee or the Board deems appropriate. The Audit Committee produces an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, retention, compensation, oversight and evaluation of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between our management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work. The Audit Committee shall review and pre-approve all audit services, and non- audit services that exceed a de minimis standard, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee carries out all functions required by the NYSE American, the SEC and the federal securities laws. The Audit Committee has the sole authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain, compensate, evaluate and terminate our independent auditors and to review, as it deems appropriate, the scope of our annual audits, our accounting policies and reporting practices, our system of internal controls, our compliance with policies regarding business conduct and other matters. In addition, the Audit Committee has the authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain special legal, accounting or other advisors to advise the Audit Committee. 65 Table of Contents The Board has determined that Mr. Fred Zeidman and Mr. James G. Miller are independent, and that Mr. Miller is an audit committee financial expert (as defined in the SEC rules) because he has the following attributes: (i) an understanding of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP and financial statements; (ii) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; (iii) experience analyzing and evaluating financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by our financial statements; (iv) an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and (v) an understanding of audit committee functions. Mr. Miller has acquired these attributes by means of having held various positions that provided relevant experience, as described in his biographical information above. For the nine-month period ended December 31, 2020, the Audit Committee held three formal meetings, and took various actions via a unanimous written consent of the committee. The Audit Committee s charter is available on our website at www.camber.energy at Governance Policies and was filed as Exhibit 14.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended March 31, 2009, filed with the Commission on July 29, 2009. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee is responsible for the administration of our stock compensation plans, approval, review and evaluation of the compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors and oversees and advises the Board on the adoption of policies that govern the Company s compensation and benefit programs. In addition, the Compensation Committee has the authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain advisors to advise the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may delegate its authority to subcommittees of independent directors, as it deems appropriate. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Compensation Committee held no formal meetings. The Compensation Committee s charter is available on our website at www.camber.energy at Governance - Policies and was filed as Exhibit 14.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended March 31, 2009, filed with the Commission on July 29, 2009. Nominating and Governance Committee The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for (1) assisting the Board by identifying individuals qualified to become Board members; (2) recommending individuals to the Board for nomination as members of the Board and its committees; (3) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board s performance; (4) monitoring the attendance, preparation and participation of individual directors and to conduct a performance evaluation of each director prior to the time he or she is considered for re-nomination to the Board; (5) reviewing and recommending to the Board responses to shareowner proposals; (6) monitoring and evaluating corporate governance issues and trends; (7) providing oversight of the corporate governance affairs of the Board and the Company, including consideration of the risk oversight responsibilities of the full Board and its committees; (8) assisting the Board in organizing itself to discharge its duties and responsibilities properly and effectively; and (9) assisting the Board in ensuring proper attention and effective response to stockholder concerns regarding corporate governance. We have not paid any third party a fee to assist in the process of identifying and evaluating candidates for director. The Nominating and Governance Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating director nominees. The Nominating and Governance Committee also regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or other circumstances. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers, from time to time, various potential candidates for directorships. Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating and Governance Committee through current Board members, professional search firms, stockholders or other persons. These candidates may be evaluated at regular or special meetings of the Nominating and Governance Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates director nominees at regular or special Committee meetings pursuant to the criteria described above and reviews qualified director nominees with the Board. The Committee selects nominees that best suit the Board s current needs and recommends one or more of such individuals for election to the Board. 66 Table of Contents The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended by stockholders, provided the names of such persons, accompanied by relevant biographical information, are properly submitted in writing to the Secretary of the Company in accordance with the manner described below. The Secretary will send properly submitted stockholder recommendations to the Committee. Individuals recommended by stockholders in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration received by individuals identified to the Committee through other means. The Committee also may, in its discretion, consider candidates otherwise recommended by stockholders without accompanying biographical information, if submitted in writing to the Secretary. In addition, the Company s Bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or at a special meeting at which directors are to be elected in accordance with the notice of meeting pursuant to the requirements of the Company s Bylaws and applicable NYSE American and SEC rules and regulations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Nominating and Governance Committee held no formal meetings, but did take various actions via a unanimous written consent of the committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee s charter is available on our website at www.camber.energy at Governance Policies and was filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on June 28, 2013. Director Nominations Process . As described above, the Nominating and Governance Committee will consider qualified director candidates recommended in good faith by stockholders, provided those nominees meet the requirements of NYSE American and applicable federal securities law. The Nominating and Governance Committee s evaluation of candidates recommended by stockholders does not differ materially from its evaluation of candidates recommended from other sources. Any stockholder wishing to recommend a nominee should submit the candidate s name, credentials, contact information and his or her written consent to be considered as a candidate. These recommendations should be submitted in writing to the Company, Attn: Secretary, Camber Energy, Inc., 1415 Louisiana, Suite 3500, Houston, Texas 77002. The proposing stockholder should also include his or her contact information and a statement of his or her share ownership. The Committee may request further information about stockholder recommended nominees in order to comply with any applicable laws, rules, the Company s Bylaws or regulations or to the extent such information is required to be provided by such stockholder pursuant to any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports None. CODE OF BUSINESS AND ETHICAL CONDUCT On November 29, 2016, the Board of Directors approved and adopted an amended and restated Code of Business and Ethical Conduct (the Revised Code ), which applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Revised Code replaced the Company s prior Code of Ethics adopted in June 2009 and reflects, among other matters, clarifications and revisions relating to conflicts of interest, confidentiality, compliance with laws, reporting and enforcement, and other matters intended to update the Company s Code of Ethics. You can access our Revised Code on our website at www.camber.energy , and any stockholder who so requests may obtain a free copy of our Code of Ethics by submitting a written request to our Secretary. Additionally, the Code of Ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K dated November 29, 2016, filed with the SEC on December 5, 2016, as Exhibit 14.1 thereto. We intend to disclose any amendments or future amendments to our Revised Code and any waivers with respect to our Revised Code granted to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, or any of our other employees performing similar functions on our website at www.camber.energy within four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case, the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Revised Code to any such officers or employees. 67 Table of Contents The Revised Code includes a policy on reporting illegal or unethical business or workplace conduct by employees, officers or members of the Board, which replaced our prior Whistleblower Protection Policy adopted in 2009. Policy on Equity Ownership The Company does not have a policy on equity ownership at this time. Policy Against Hedging The Company does not currently have a policy against hedging. Compensation Recovery Under the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxle y Act ), in the event of misconduct that results in a financial restatement that would have reduced a previously paid incentive amount, we can recoup those improper payments from our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We plan to implement a clawback policy in the future, although we have not yet implemented such policy. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and the most highly compensated executive officer other than the CEO and CFO who was serving as an executive officer of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (the Company did not have any executive officers other than its CEO and CFO as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021), and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required had they been serving as an executive officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). Name and Principal Position Period Ending Consulting Fees/Salary Bonus Stock Awards All Other Compensation Total James A. Doris December 31, 2022 240,000 (2) 240,000 Chief Executive Officer (1) December 31, 2021 N/A N/A N/A 180,000 (2) 180,000 Frank W. Barker, Jr. December 31, 2022 240,000 (4) 240,000 Chief Financial Officer (3) December 31, 2021 N/A N/A N/A 180,000 (4) 180,000 Louis G. Schott December 31, 2022 14,860 (6) - - 14,860 Former Interim Chief Executive Officer (5) December 31, 2021 176,836 (6) - - 176,836 Robert Schleizer December 31, 2022 - - - - Former Chief Financial Officer (7) December 31,2021 165,052 (8) - - 165,052 68 Table of Contents Does not include perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than 10,000. No executive officer earned any non-equity incentive plan compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation during the periods reported above. The value of the Stock Awards in the table above was calculated based on the fair value of such securities calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. (1) Mr. Doris was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on December 23, 2020. (2) The amounts included in All Other Compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are comprised of 240,000 and 180,000, respectively, paid AGD Advisory Group, Inc., a company affiliated with Mr. Doris. (3) Mr. Barker was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on December 23, 2020. (4) The amounts included in All Other Compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are comprised of 240,000 and 180,000, respectively, paid FWB Consulting, Inc., a company affiliated with Mr. Barker (5) Mr. Schott served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of Camber from May 2018 through his resignation on December 23, 2020. (6) Mr. Schott worked on a consulting basis through Fides Energy LLC Fides ). Total fees paid by Camber to Fides during the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021 were 14,860 and 176,836, respectively. (7) Mr. Schleizer served as Chief Financial Officer (beginning as Interim Chief Financial Officer) since June 2, 2017, as a member of the Board of Directors since October 6, 2017, and as Treasurer of Camber since January 9, 2018. He resigned from all three positions on December 23, 2020. (8) Mr. Schleizer worked on a consulting basis through BlackBriar Advisors LLC BlackBriar ). Total fees paid by Camber to BlackBriar during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 165,042, respectively. Employment Agreements As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any formal compensation arrangements with any executive except that the Company had orally agreed to pay, commencing April 2021, the entity of the Company s CEO 20,000 per month, and the entity of the Company s CFO 20,000 per month. The Company has no employees, but engages professional consultants as needed. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END None of our Named Executive Officers had any stock options or stock awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 69 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth compensation information with respect to our non-executive directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. Fees Earned or Paid Option All Other Name in Cash ) Awards ) Compensation ) Total ) Fred S. Zeidman (1) 53,336 - 53,336 James G. Miller (1) 53,336 - 53,336 Robert Green (1) 53,336 - 53,336 The table above does not include the amount of any expense reimbursements paid to the above directors. No directors received any Stock Awards, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, or Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings during the period presented. Does not include perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than 10,000. In 2022 and 2021, the Company paid each member of the Board of Directors their pro rata portion of a 40,000 quarterly Board fee in cash, payable in arrears and based on the number of members of the Board at the end of each calendar quarter (for example if there are three (3) members of the board at the end of a calendar quarter, each member would receive 13,333 in total compensation for such applicable calendar quarter). ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The following table presents certain information as of December 31, 2021, as to: each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock, each director, each Named Executive Officer, and all directors and executive officers as a group. The percentages shown in the table under the column Percent are based on 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and/or investing power with respect to securities. These rules generally provide that shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible securities that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of the applicable date of determination, are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options, warrants or other convertible securities for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. 70 Table of Contents To our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each of the officers or directors listed in the table below is 15915 Katy Freeway, Suite 450, Houston, Texas 77094. Stockholder Number of Shares of Common Stock Percent of Common Stock(#) Executive Officers and Directors James A. Doris Frank W. Barker Robert Green Fred S. Zeidman James G. Miller All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (Four Persons) Greater than 5 Stockholders Antilles Family Growth Fund (1) 1,998,000 9.99 ____________ Indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1 of the outstanding common stock. (1) 103 South Church Street, 4th Floor, Grand Cayman KYI-002, Cayman Islands. The holder holds 238 shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock; provided that the Company may not issue shares which, when aggregated with all other shares of common stock then deemed beneficially owned by the holder, would result in the reporting person holding at any one time more than 9.99 of all common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Related Party Transactions The Company s CEO and director, James Doris, renders professional services to the Company through AGD Advisory Group, Inc., an affiliate of Mr. Doris . The Company s CFO, Frank W. Barker, Jr., renders professional services to the Company through FWB Consulting, Inc., an affiliate of Mr. Barker s. Related Party Office Space Use Commencing in December of 2020, the Company consolidated its office into Viking s office in Houston, Texas. Director Independence During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board determined that 75 of the Board is independent under the definition of independence and in compliance with the listing standards of the NYSE American listing requirements. Based upon these standards, the Board has determined that Mr. Miller and Mr. Zeidman and Mr. Green are independent members of the Board of Directors as defined in Section 803(A) of the NYSE American Company Guide, and Mr. Doris is not independent due to his status as an officer of the Company (see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ). ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors approves in advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. The following table sets forth the fees billed by our former independent accounting firm, Marcum LLP and our current independent accounting firm, Turner, Stone Company, LLP, and prior independent accounting firms, for each of our last two fiscal years. (see Item 9) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Marcum - 495,505 Turner Stone 145,000 Tax Fees: None. We do not use the auditors for financial information system design and implementation. Such services, which include designing or implementing a system that aggregates source data underlying the financial statements or that generates information that is significant to our financial statements, are provided internally or by other service providers. We do not engage the auditors to provide compliance outsourcing services. 71 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of this report (1) All financial statements Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. (2) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the Signatures page of this Form 10-K. ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY None. 72 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CAMBER ENERGY, INC. BY: /s/ James A. Doris James A. Doris Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: March 17, 2023 In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ James A Doris Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2023 James A. Doris (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Frank W. Barker, Jr. Chief Financial Officer March 17, 2023 Frank W. Barker, Jr. (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Fred S. Zeidman Director March 17, 2023 Fred S. Zeidman /s/ James Miller Director March 17, 2023 James Miller /s/ Robert Green Director March 17, 2023 Robert Green 73 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Lucas Energy, Inc., as purchaser, Segundo Resources, LLC, as seller representative to the various sellers named therein, and the sellers named therein dated December 30, 2015+ (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 31, 2015) 2.2 First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Lucas Energy, Inc., as purchaser, Segundo Resources, LLC, as seller representative to the various sellers named therein, and the sellers named therein dated April 20, 2016 and effective April 1, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 25, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 2.3 Second Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Lucas Energy, Inc., as purchaser, Segundo Resources, LLC, as seller representative to the various sellers named therein, and the sellers named therein dated August 25, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 2.4 Third Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, as purchaser, Segundo Resources, LLC, as seller representative to the various sellers named therein, and the sellers named therein dated August 25, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8- K, filed with the Commission on January 27, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 2.5 Asset Purchase Agreement by and Between N B Energy, LLC, as Purchaser and Camber Energy, Inc., as Seller, dated July 12, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 13, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 2.6 First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and Between N B Energy, LLC, as Purchaser and Camber Energy, Inc., as Seller, dated August 2, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 7, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 2.7 Second Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and Between N B Energy, LLC, as Purchaser, Camber Energy, Inc., as Seller and CE Operating, LLC, dated September 24, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 2.8# Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Camber Energy, Inc., Camber Energy Merger Sub 2, Inc., Lineal Star Holdings, LLC, and the Members party thereto dated as of July 8, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 2.9# Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement dated December 31, 2019, by and among Camber Energy, Inc., Lineal Star Holdings LLC, Lineal Industries Inc., Lineal Star, Incorporated and each of the holders of the Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series F Redeemable Preferred Stock of Camber (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 3, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 2.10# Agreement and Plan of Merger by and Between Viking Energy Group, Inc., and Camber Energy, Inc. dated as of February 3, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 2.11 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 27, 2020, by and between Viking Energy, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 1, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 74 Table of Contents 2.12 Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and between Viking Energy, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 16, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 2.13 Third Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 25, 2020, by and between Viking Energy, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2005 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 000-51414) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit B to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on June 1, 2006) (File No. 000-51414) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit B to the Company s Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on February 20, 2007)(File No. 000-51414) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit B to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 11, 2010) (File No. 001-32508) 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 11, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (1-for-25 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 2, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.7 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, amending the Company s name to Camber Energy, Inc. , filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on January 3, 2017 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on February 14, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.8 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 to 500,000,000, as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on January 10, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (1-for-25 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 1, 2018, and effective March 5, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.10 Certificate of Change Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.209, as filed by Camber Energy, Inc. with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 20, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 26, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.11 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock from 20,000,000 to 250,000,000, as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 10, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 11, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.12 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (1-for-25 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 3, 2019, and effective July 8, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.13 Camber Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on July 8, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8- K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.14 State of Delaware Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporation Into Domestic Limited Liability Company, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 10, 2019, and effective July 9, 2019, merging Camber Energy Merger Sub 2, Inc. into Lineal Star Holdings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 3.15 Certificate of Change Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.209, filed by Camber Energy, Inc. with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 25, 2019 and effective on October 29, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 75 Table of Contents 3.16 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Increase in Authorized Common Stock to 25 Million Shares) filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 16, 2020, and effective April 16, 2020 3.17 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 19, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.18 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 19, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.19 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 19, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.20 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 19, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.21 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series F Redeemable Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 19, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 3.22 Amended and Restated Bylaws (effective March 29, 2016) (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 1, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 4.1 Description of Securities of the Registrant 10.1 Form of Redeemable Convertible Subordinated Debenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016)(File No. 001-32508) 10.2 Form of Common Stock Purchase First Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016)(File No. 001-32508) 10.3 Form of Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 7, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.4 Form of First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 2, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.5 Loan Agreement dated August 25, 2016, between Lucas Energy, Inc., as borrower, Richard N. Azar, II, Donnie B. Seay, Richard E. Menchaca, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., DBS Investments, Ltd., and Saxum Energy, LLC, as guarantors, and International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001- 32508) 10.6 Real Estate Lien Note dated August 25, 2016, by Lucas Energy, Inc., as borrower in favor of International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.7 Security Agreements dated August 25, 2016 by Lucas Energy, Inc. in favor of International Bank of Commerce (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.8 Form of Limited Guaranty Agreement in favor of International Bank of Commerce dated August 25, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 76 Table of Contents 10.9 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 29, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 3, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.10 Form of Third Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 17, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 21, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.11 Service Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2017 and effective May 1, 2017, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and Enerjex Resources (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001- 32508) 10.12 Severance Agreement and Release between Anthony C. Schnur and the Company dated June 2, 2017 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.13 Termination Agreement dated May 23, 2017, between Camber Energy, Inc. and Richard N. Azar, II (Filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 8-K for the year ended March 31, 2017, filed with the Commission on July 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.14 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 16 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated October 5, 2017 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.15 Extension Agreement between Camber Energy, Inc. and International Bank of Commerce relating to the August 30, 2017 payment (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 10.16 Extension and/or Modification and Release Agreement Commercial Indebtedness effective September 30, 2017, by Camber Energy, Inc., as borrower, Richard N. Azar, II, Donnie B. Seay, Richard E. Menchaca, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., DBS Investments, Ltd., and Saxum Energy, LLC, as pledgors, and International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.17 Extension and/or Modification and Release Agreement Commercial Indebtedness effective October 30, 2017, by Camber Energy, Inc., as borrower, Richard N. Azar, II, Donnie B. Seay, Richard E. Menchaca, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., DBS Investments, Ltd., and Saxum Energy, LLC, as pledgors, and International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.18 Extension and/or Modification and Release Agreement Commercial Indebtedness effective November 30, 2017, by Camber Energy, Inc., as borrower, Richard N. Azar, II, Donnie B. Seay, Richard E. Menchaca, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., DBS Investments, Ltd., and Saxum Energy, LLC, as pledgors, and International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.19 Extension and/or Modification and Release Agreement Commercial Indebtedness effective December 30, 2017, by Camber Energy, Inc., as borrower, Richard N. Azar, II, Donnie B. Seay, Richard E. Menchaca, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., DBS Investments, Ltd., and Saxum Energy, LLC, as pledgors, and International Bank of Commerce, as lender (Filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended December 31, 2017, filed with the Commission on February 14, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.20 Form of Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 2, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 5, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.21 Separation and Release Agreement between Camber Energy, Inc. and Richard N. Azar II dated May 25, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 77 Table of Contents 10.22 Common Stock Purchase Warrant granted to Richard N. Azar II dated May 25, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.23 Engagement Letter with Fides Energy LLC/Louis G. Schott dated May 25, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 25, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.24 Agreement in Connection with the Loan by and Between Camber Energy, Inc. and International Bank of Commerce (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 7, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.25 Assumption Agreement dated September 26, 2018, by and between International Bank of Commerce, Camber Energy, Inc., CE Operating, LLC, N B Energy, LLC, Richard N. Azar, II, RAD2 Minerals, Ltd., Donnie B. Seay, and DBS Investments, Ltd. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.26 Assignment of Production Payment, effective August 1, 2018, by and among N B Energy, LLC and CE Operating, LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.27 Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interest, effective August 1, 2018, by CE Operating, LLC in favor of Camber Royalties, LLC (Orion Properties) (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.28 Assignment of Overriding Royalty Interest, effective August 1, 2018, by N B Energy, LLC in favor of Camber Royalties, LLC (TAW Leases) (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.29 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 3.5 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated October 26, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 1, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.30 Consulting Agreement dated November 15, 2018, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and Regal Consulting (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.31 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 28 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated November 23, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 23, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.32 Form of First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 28 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated December 3, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 7, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.33 Digital Marketing Agreement dated February 13, 2019 by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and SylvaCap Media (Filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Commission on February 14, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.34 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated February 13, 2019 by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and Regal Consulting (Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Commission on February 14, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.35 Camber Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 22, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 10.36 Agreed Conversion Agreement dated May 15, 2019, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and Alan Dreeben 10.37 December 1, 2017 Letter Agreement between Camber Energy, Inc. and BlackBriar Advisors LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on July 1, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference)(File No. 001-32508) 78 Table of Contents 10.38 Security Exchange Agreement dated July 8, 2019, by and between Camber Energy, Inc., and the investor party thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.39 Termination Agreement dated July 8, 2019, by and between Camber Energy, Inc., and the investor party thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.40 Funding and Loan Agreement dated July 8, 2019, by and among Camber Energy, Inc., Lineal Star Holdings, LLC, and the preferred shareholders party thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.41 1,050,000 Promissory Note by Lineal Star Holdings, LLC as borrower in favor of Camber Energy, Inc. as lender, dated July 8, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 10.42 Form of Indemnification Agreement of Officers and Directors (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.43 Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement with Regal Consulting effective July 1, 2019 (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.44 July 8, 2019 Letter Agreement with Sylva International LLC dba SylvaCap Media (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.45 1,539,719 Promissory Note effective December 31, 2019, evidencing amounts owed by Lineal Star Holdings, LLC to Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.46 800,000 Promissory Note No. 2 effective December 31, 2019, evidencing amounts owed by Lineal Star Holdings, LLC to Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.47 + Form of Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 5 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated February 3, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.48 Form of Waivers and Amendments to Stock Purchase Agreements dated February 3, 2020, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and the Investor Named Therein (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.49 + Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 3, 2020 by and Between Camber Energy, Inc. (Purchaser) and Viking Energy Group, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.50 5,000,000 10.5 Secured Promissory Note Issued by Viking Energy Group, Inc. to Camber Energy, Inc. Dated February 3, 3020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 10.51 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2020 by and among Viking Energy Group, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 10.52 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2020 by and among Viking Energy Group, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001- 32508) 10.53 Assignment of Membership Interests by Viking Energy Group, Inc. in favor of Camber Energy, Inc. dated February 3, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 79 Table of Contents 10.54 Compromise Settlement Agreement executed January 31, 2020 between PetroGlobe Energy Holdings, LLC, Signal Drilling, LLC, Petrolia Oil, LLC, Prairie Gas Company of Oklahoma, LLC, Canadian River Trading Company, LLC, and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.55 February 15, 2020 Letter Agreement with Sylva International LLC dba SylvaCap Media (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8- K, filed with the Commission on May 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.56 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase of 6 million in shares of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock dated June 22, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.57 Form of Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreements dated June 22, 2020, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and the Investor Named Therein (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.58 + Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 2020 by and Between Camber Energy, Inc. (Purchaser) and Viking Energy Group, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.59 5,000,000 10.5 Secured Promissory Note Issued by Viking Energy Group, Inc. to Camber Energy, Inc. Dated June 25, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.60 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2020 by and among Viking Energy Group, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.61 Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2020 by and among Viking Energy Group, Inc. and Camber Energy, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.62 Assignment of Membership Interests by Viking Energy Group, Inc. in favor of Camber Energy, Inc. dated June 25, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 16.1 Letter dated August 2, 2018 from GBH CPAs, PC to the Securities and Exchange Commission (Filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 21.1 Subsidiaries 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Periodic Report of Principal Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Periodic Report of Principal Financial Officer 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Periodic Report of Principal Executive Officer 32.2 Section 906 Certification of Periodic Report of Principal Financial Officer 99.1 Report of Graves Co. Consulting LLC 99.2 Charter of the Audit and Ethics Committee (Filed as Exhibit 14.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended March 31, 2009, filed with the Commission on July 29, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference) 99.3 Charter of the Compensation Committee (Filed as Exhibit 14.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended March 31, 2009, filed with the Commission on July 29, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference) 99.4 Charter of The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on June 28, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference) 99.5 Letter to Shareholders in Accordance with NRS 78.0296 (Furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. Exhibits filed herewith. Exhibits furnished herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan. + Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) and/or Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Commission upon request; provided. 80 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cei_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, James Doris, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Camber Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ James Doris Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cei_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Frank A. Barker, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Camber Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Frank A. Barker, Jr. Frank A. Barker, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cei_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, James Doris, Chief Executive Officer of Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ James Doris James Doris Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cei_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Frank A. Barker, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Frank A. Barker, Jr. Frank A. Barker, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cei-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cei-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cei-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cei-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

