<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1708341_0001213900-23-022824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7491237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>209868</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1441350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1742070</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2051901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1850105</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022824.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324163808
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allied Gaming & Entertainment Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				821659427
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38226
		FILM NUMBER:		23760381

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17877 VON KARMAN AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 225-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17877 VON KARMAN AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022824.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_alliedgaming.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of common stock outstanding, other than shares held by affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately based on
the price of 1.43, the closing price on June 30, 2022. For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors, and 10 
beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that
such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners, are or were, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As of March 21, 2023, shares of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are incorporated herein by reference
in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factor Summary 
 
 ii 

PART
 I 

1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 

PART
 II 

19 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 27 

PART
 III 

28 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 28 

PART
 IV 

29 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 29 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

The
information in this Report includes forward-looking statements under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Report, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial
position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Report, the words could, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 expect, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not
all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the
risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Risk Factors included in this Report. These forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information
as to the outcome and timing of future events. Nevertheless, and despite the fact that management s expectations and estimates
are based on assumptions management believes to be reasonable and data management believes to be reliable, our actual results, performance
or achievements are subject to future risks and uncertainties, any of which could materially affect our actual performance. 

We
caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict
and many of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Report occur, or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements. 

All
forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary
note. This cautionary note should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that
we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking
statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of this Report. 

A
summary of the principal risk factors that make investing in our securities risky and might cause our actual results to differ is set
forth below. The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors
we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Report. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

We may not be able to successfully
 execute our new strategic and business plans. 

Allied
 generates a portion of its revenues from advertising and sponsorship. If it fails to attract
 more advertisers and sponsors to its live events, tournaments or content, or if advertisers
 or sponsors are less willing to advertise with or sponsor Allied, its revenues may be adversely
 affected. 

Allied s
 business model may not remain effective, and it cannot guarantee that its future monetization
 strategies will be successfully implemented or generate sustainable revenues and profit. 

Allied s growth strategy depends on the availability of suitable locations for its proprietary and licensed esports arenas and its ability to open new locations and operate them profitably 

Allied
 has not entered into definitive license agreements with all game publishers that it currently
 has relationships with, and it may never do so. 

Even
 if Allied is able to license its brand to third party esports operators, there is a risk
 that those operators could damage its brand by operating esports arenas that are not at Allied s
 standards of operation. 

ii 

Allied s growth
 strategy includes deploying additional mobile arenas in the U.S. and Europe to host its tournaments and events and it must operate
 them profitably. 

The
 nature of hosting esports events exposes Allied to negative publicity or customer complaints,
 including in relation to, among other things, accidents, injuries or thefts at the arenas,
 and health and safety concerns. 

Allied s
 marketing and advertising efforts may fail to resonate with gamers. 

The
 esports gaming industry is competitive, and gamers may prefer competitors arenas,
 leagues, competitions or tournaments over those offered by Allied. 

If
 Allied fails to keep its existing gamers engaged, acquire new gamers and expand interest
 in its live events, leagues, tournaments and competitions, its business, its ability to achieve
 profitability and its prospects may be adversely affected. 

A
 decline in the number of gamers may adversely affect the engagement level of gamers with
 Allied s tournament and entertainment platform under development and may reduce our
 revenue opportunities and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. 

There
 is no guarantee that Allied will be able to complete its planned online esports tournament
 and gaming subscription platform, or that such platform once completed will be or remain
 popular. 

If
 Allied fails to maintain and enhance its brands, its business, results of operations and
 prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

If
 Allied fails to anticipate and successfully implement new esports technologies or adopt new
 business strategies, technologies or methods, its business may suffer. 

Allied
 uses third-party services in connection with its business, and any disruption to these services
 could result in a disruption to its business. 

Allied
 may not be able to procure the necessary permits and licenses to operate its arenas. 

Negotiations
 with unionized employees could delay opening or operating Allied s arenas. 

Allied s
 business is subject to regulation, and changes in applicable regulations may negatively impact
 its business. 

Allied
 has historically operated at a net loss on a consolidated basis, and there is no guarantee
 that that it will be able to be profitable. 

Our
 business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our executive officers, key employees
 and qualified personnel, and our business operations may be severely disrupted if we lose
 the services of such personnel. 

Ourgame
 International Holdings Limited owns a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock,
 enabling it to exert significant influence over our operations and activities, which may
 affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Allied s
 licenses certain brand names under agreements that will expire and may also be subject to
 claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview
of Business 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our, AGAE, 
 Allied and the Company refer to Allied Gaming Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Allied is a global experiential entertainment company focused on providing a growing audience of gamers with unique experiences through
renowned assets, products, and services. Prior to July 2021, the Company owned and operated World Poker Tour WPT businesses
and Allied Esports business. On July 12, 2021, the Company completed its sale of its business comprising the WPT business for gross proceeds
of approximately 106 million. As of December 31 2022, the Company s operation includes Allied Esports International, which owns
and operates HyperX Arena Las Vegas, one of the world s most recognized esports and entertainment events facilities, two mobile
arenas-Allied Esports Trucks, and original content studio which creates and produces proprietary content series to serve brand activation
and promotion, fans and community engagement. The Company offers a variety of esports and gaming-related content, including world class
tournaments, live and virtual entertainment and gaming events, and original programming to continuously foster an engaged gaming community.
In December 2022, the Company completed a strategic review of its business operations and announced plans to restructure the existing
esports business and expand its focus to include a broader array of entertainment and gaming products and services. Under this plan,
the Company intends to pursue multiple channels of opportunities instead of a single significant corporate transaction such as an acquisition
of complimentary assets or businesses, and it is currently exploring opportunities to leverage its location-based-entertainment expertise
with a focus on gaming lifestyle and experiential entertainment, as well as growing its digital footprint and monetization capabilities
through mobile gaming. 

The entertainment industry has witnessed the rapid growth of gaming,
which now ranks among the largest and fastest-growing markets. As of 2021, with a staggering 3.1 billion gamers worldwide, the global
gaming industry was valued at 202.64 billion and is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.2 between 2022 and
2023. Mobile gaming and esports are the major driver of this exponentially growing market. Esports, an abbreviation of electronic
sports, encompasses a diverse range of competitive electronic games that are played by gamers against each other. Popular esports
games include Fortnite, League of Legends, Dota 2, Counter-Strike, Call of Duty, Overwatch, and FIFA. Unlike the traditional video
games where players can play alone against the computer or console, esports has evolved to include a community and spectator aspect. Competitive
gameplay against another person, either individually or in teams, viewed by an online and in-person audience, has become a central feature
of esports. Additionally, game developers have greatly increased the watchability of games, which has made the spectator aspect of gaming
much more prevalent and further drives expansion of the gaming market. Esports has now become so popular that many colleges offer scholarships
in esports and the best-known esports teams are receiving mainstream sponsorships and are being bought or invested in by celebrities,
athletes and professional sports teams. The highest profile esports gamers have significant online audiences as they stream themselves
playing against other players online and potentially can generate millions of dollars in sponsorship money and subscription fees from
their online streaming channels. Meanwhile, the industry of watching other people play video games continues to surge in popularity. In
2022, the games live-streaming audience grew by 14.5 year over year to 927.3 million (Newzoo report). It is estimated that this category
will reach 1.21 billion by 2025 at a CAGR of +12.7 . For years to come, infrastructure development and the growth of mobile esports will
be the key drivers in emerging regions, while the diversification of content is likely to drive viewing behavior in western markets. 

Allied will continue to use
a three-pillar strategy in its gaming and entertainment services; in-person experiences, multiplatform content, and interactive services
both independently and in connection with its strategic partners. 

Our Growth Strategies 

In-person
Experiences 

With
its world class gaming and live broadcasting equipped facilities, Hyper X Arena Las Vegas, Allied will continue delivering first-in-class live
experiences to customers which will allow them to compete against other players in world esports competitions, to host live events with
influencers that potentially stream to millions of viewers worldwide with unprecedently engaged experience, to produce and distribute
incredible entertainment content with its on-site production facilities and studios. Allied s flagship HyperX Arena Las Vegas
serves as a marquee destination for esports fans globally and has become one of the most recognized esports and live entertainment venues
in the world. Additionally, Allied has two mobile esports arenas, which are 18-wheel semi-trailers that convert into first
class esports arenas and competition stages with full content production capabilities and interactive talent studios. Through our
renowned assets, Allied believes it can offer customers an unmatched ability to participate in simultaneous global esports events and
offer sponsors and partners a truly scalable global platform and audience to promote their businesses and products. 

1 

Flagship
Arena. In March 2018, Allied opened its first flagship arena, the HyperX Arena Las Vegas, at the Luxor Hotel Casino on
the Vegas strip, whose pyramid is one of the most visible landmarks in Las Vegas. This arena has over 130 gaming stations, two bars,
food service, private rooms, an unmatched full-scale broadcast and production facility, and space for up to 1,000 people for events.
The arena is custom-built for esports tournaments and has a broadcast-ready television studio to broadcast live events and
produce content. Allied monetizes the arena through hosting or renting the space for live events; merchandise sales; daily usage fees
from day-to-day gamers using the gaming stations; tournament entry and player venue fees; food and beverage; and a long-term sponsorship
(i.e., our HyperX naming rights relationship). 

Affiliate
Arenas . One of Allied s strategic advantages is its global network of esports arena partners, which enables it to host events
and promote competitions around the world, with those competitions culminating in live events held at the flagship arena in Las Vegas.
Allied achieves this through its Affiliate Program, which consists of strategic partnerships with third-party esports operators
around the globe. Allied generally charges these affiliates an upfront fee and a minimal annual revenue share of gross revenue, starting
in the second year of the operation of the venue. Allied s brand visibility and reputation have already resulted in affiliate arrangements
with arenas and gaming centers in China and a multi-year agreement with Fortress Esports Pty Ltd, a new gaming, esports and entertainment
venue enterprise in Australia, which opened its first affiliate arena in Melbourne in March 2020 and reopened during the COVID-19 pandemic
in December 2021. This network of affiliate arenas allows Allied to scale its brand penetration worldwide on a rapid basis, driving
more gamers into the Allied ecosystem, with minimal costs to Allied. Furthermore, the content produced by these affiliate arenas can
be sold by Allied, with minimal production costs. 

Mobile
Arenas . The mobile arenas are 18-wheeler trucks that expand out into fully functional esports arenas with event hosting, broadcasting
and production capabilities. The mobility of the trucks makes them ideal for sponsors to reach a large audience in multiple locations
at an economical cost. The trucks serve as mobile billboards for potential third-party sponsorship, as well as the Allied brand,
providing highly visible brand presence wherever they appear. 

Multiplatform
Content 

Built upon state-of-the-art
unique facilities and a growing gamers community, Allied continues to produce successful gamers centric original content programing. Allied s
original content series Elevated, designed to help up-and-coming Twitch streamers break through the clutter, get discovered and grow their
audiences, has brought in more than 10 million live viewers and 3 million VOD views over 4 episodes during its Season 1 debut in March
of 2022. The series was renewed for Season 2 with stronger support from our brand partner Progressive Insurance, by doubling the production
and expanded to 10 episodes for Season 2, which will air in Q2 2023. Allied has also signed a multi-year, multi-episode content partnership
with the YES Network to produce original series Wannabe, which explores the journeys of professional gamers and professional athletes
who have appeared on the YES Network, all of whom have a strong passion for esports and competitive gaming, and the common themes between
their different careers. Each episode delves into the early dreams of these individuals and traces their paths to success. This highly
entertaining original content series continues to strengthen our brand engagement, expand our fans out-reach, and build up multi-channel
monetization through sponsorship, advertisement, and distribution. 

We
believe Allied s ecosystem of esports branded properties gives it the reach, reputation and experience to produce world-class live
events, in partnership with some of the most prominent names in the esports and entertainment industry. These live events provide Allied
with the material to produce exciting content that can be distributed via three different formats, each of which has its own revenue
generation model: live streaming, post-produced episodic content, and short-form repackaged content. 

Live
Streaming . According to a report by Streamlabs and Stream Hatchet, in 2022, viewers
watched a total of 29.5 billion hours of live gaming content on popular streaming platforms such as Twitch, Youtube Gaming, and Facebook
Gaming. This represents a decrease of 13.5 from the previous year s 34.0 billion hours, which may be attributed in part to the
easing of COVID-19 restrictions and the subsequent recovery of live events and travel. Twitch is the most popular form of esports content
delivery channel today, as it offers the best interactive experiences for the audience. Vast improvements in technology and Internet service
and speed have made live streaming with large audiences widely available today. Well-known gamers live stream themselves playing
their favorite games on any of the popular streaming services (Twitch, YouTube, Facebook Gaming, etc.) to a worldwide audience. The streamers
derive revenue from ad sales, sponsorship, subscription fees and gift payments from spectators. Through Allied s ecosystem of esports
arenas, Allied can offer streamers a large platform to put on live events that can be simultaneously streamed on both the streamer s
channels and on Allied s channels. 

2 

Post-Produced Episodic
Content . Allied continues to develop esports entertainment programming around its live experiences and, using its experienced editing
and production teams, create serial, episodic content and segments that tell compelling storylines around its gaming talent, in person
experiences, and gaming events around the world. Allied draws from its knowledge and experience in developing WPT, which took the slow-paced game
of poker and dramatized it and created storylines that made for exciting and compelling viewing. This post-produced content can
be valuable real estate for sponsors, as Allied can integrate sponsors seamlessly into the show in a way that feels organic to the viewers.
Allied can focus on different storylines, create excitement via editing and music inclusion, and generally elevate the production quality
from that achievable in a live stream. Allied can then monetize this episodic content via sponsorship, advertising, selling the content
itself to third party distributors, or even use it as a marketing tool to drive customers to come to Allied s branded properties,
buy its merchandise or otherwise interact with Allied. 

Short-Form Repackaged
Content . The library of content Allied will develop from events can be cut into smaller clips that can be used as marketing and promotion
of the Allied brand on social media. Allied can also edit content to create new content, such as best of shows, focusing
on one particular game as played by multiple well-known streamers, regional shows focusing on talent from a particular country,
and so on. 

Allied s
global branded esports properties ecosystem will create opportunities for live events which provide material to develop great content,
all of which Allied can monetize in multiple ways. The large customer base Allied develops through these in-person experiences,
live streams and content distribution will give it a customer base to launch interactive services. 

Interactive
services 

Newzoo s
consumer research reveals that active engagement is becoming increasingly popular across all generations, with consumers spending nearly
15 hours per week engaging with games. Allied is well-positioned to capitalize on this trend by leveraging its unique physical assets,
such as the HyperX Arena Las Vegas and Allied Esports Trucks live events and broadcasting capabilities, as well as its technology
partnerships. 

The
Company aims to become the world s leading live/virtual interactive space for content creators and broadcasters, with a particular
emphasis on direct audience monetization through online ticket sales. Allied is working with various streaming technology partners to
provide hyper-engaged, real-time interactive streaming experiences to a wide range of influencers, including YouTubers, Twitch streamers,
podcasters, and sports stars. 

By
focusing on delivering highly interactive and engaging experiences to its audiences, Allied can unlock new revenue streams and provide
a platform for influencers to monetize their content more effectively. With the potential for significant growth in the coming years,
Allied is well-positioned to become a key player in the rapidly evolving world of interactive content monetization. 

Corporate
Organization 

Our
principal offices are located at 745 Fifth Avenue, Suite 500, New York, NY 10151, and our telephone number at that office is (646) 768-4241. 

Allied
Gaming Entertainment Inc., AGAE ), formerly known as Allied Esports Entertainment Inc., or AESE , and
prior to that was known as Black Ridge Acquisition Corp, or BRAC , was incorporated in Delaware on May 9, 2017 as a
blank check company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. 

Allied
Esports Media, Inc. AEM ), a Delaware corporation, was formed in November 2018 to act as a holding company for Allied
Esports International Inc. Allied Esports and immediately prior to close of the Merger (as defined below) to also include
Noble Link Global Limited Noble Link ). Allied Esports, together with its subsidiaries described below owns and operates
the esports-related businesses of AGAE. Noble Link (prior to the AEM Merger) and its wholly owned subsidiaries Peerless Media Limited,
Club Services, Inc. and WPT Enterprises, Inc. operated the poker-related business of AGAE prior to their sale on July 12, 2021,
and are collectively referred to herein as World Poker Tour or WPT. Prior to the Merger, as described below,
Noble Link and Allied Esports were subsidiaries of Ourgame International Holdings Limited Ourgame ). 

3 

On
December 19, 2018, BRAC, Noble Link and AEM executed an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (as amended from time to time, the
 Merger Agreement ). On August 9, 2019 (the Closing Date ), Noble Link was merged with and into AEM, with
AEM being the surviving entity, which was accounted for as a common control merger (the AEM Merger ). Further, on August 9,
2019, a subsidiary of AGAE merged with AEM pursuant to the Merger Agreement, with AEM being the surviving entity (the Merger ).
The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, and AEM is deemed to be the accounting acquirer. Consequently, the assets
and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the combined financial statements prior to the Merger are those of
Allied Esports and WPT. 

The Company operates through
its wholly owned subsidiaries Allied Esports International, Inc., AEII ), Esports Arena Las Vegas, LLC ESALV and Allied Esports GmbH AEGmbH ). AEII operates global competitive esports properties designed to connect players and fans
via a network of connected arenas. ESALV operates a flagship gaming arena located at the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. AEGmbH operates
a mobile esports truck that serves as both a battleground and content generation hub and also operates a studio for recording and streaming
gaming events. Due to the increasing uncertainty of macro-economic environment, the Company closed down the AEGmbH office in December
2022 and will manage its operations through Allied s facilities in the U.S. 

Our
fiscal year ends December 31. Neither we nor any of our predecessors have been in bankruptcy, receivership, or any similar proceeding. 

Government
Regulation 

Allied intends to offer subscribers
the chance to win cash and prizes when playing esports games and tournaments on the esports gaming platform it intends to develop. Allied
is subject to the complicated laws and regulations in various states or countries over sweepstakes, promotions and giveaways. Any negative
finding of law regarding the characterization of the type of online activity carried out on the esports gaming platform could limit or
prevent Allied s ability to obtain subscribers in those jurisdictions. In addition, Allied is subject to a number of foreign and
domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to
user privacy, data collection, retention, electronic commerce, consumer protection, content, advertising, localization, and information
security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many jurisdictions and countries throughout the world. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe that to maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace, we must develop and maintain protection of the proprietary aspects
of our technology and our intellectual property. We rely on trademarks and other measures to protect our intellectual property, and vigorously
defend such intellectual property as necessary (e.g. cease and desist letters directed to infringing third parties). 

Allied has one (1) patent
in the U.S. related to systems and methods for latency in networked competitive multiplayer gaming that was issued by the UPSTO in July 2020.
In addition to the patent, Allied s intellectual property portfolio includes the following: (1) approximately sixty (60) registered
domain names, (2) an exclusive worldwide (excluding the PRC) casual gaming software license, and (3) approximately twenty-five (25) trademarks,
including, but not limited to, Allied which has been filed in the U.S., Allied which bold
mark has been filed in China and Europe; the Allied logos which have been filed in the U.S. and Europe; the Allied
Member Property Network logo which has been filed in the U.S., China, and Europe; the Big Betty logos
 which have been registered in Europe; Esports Superstars logo which has been filed in the U.S.; Legend
Series logo which has been filed in the U.S. and Europe; the Allied emblem which has been filed in
China and Europe, and Glory Road which has been filed in the U.S. Allied updates its intellectual property portfolio
from time to time as appropriate. 

4 

Competition 

The
esports gaming industry is competitive. Competitors range from established leagues and championships owned directly, as well as leagues
franchised by well-known and capitalized game publishers and developers, interactive entertainment companies, diversified media companies
and emerging start-ups. New competitors will likely continue to emerge, and many of these competitors will have greater financial resources
than Allied. 

The
esports and entertainment business is a rapidly growing industry, and there are several competitors that Allied may face. Some of the
key potential competitors include: 

1. Other
 esports organizations such as ESL and Faceit, which also host esports tournaments and events. 

2. Gaming
 lifestyle influencers network such as FaZe Clan, 100thieves, which owns gaming influencers
 that have strong brand partnerships could create competition to Allied on sponsorship and
 advertising revenue. 

3. Gaming
 companies such as Tencent, Activision Blizzard, and Electronic Arts, which are involved in
 game development and also host their own esports events in their own selected venues. 

4. Live
 entertainment companies such as Live Nation and AEG, which also host live events and concerts
 and may expand into the esports space. 

5. Traditional
 media companies such as ESPN and Turner Broadcasting, which have created their own esports
 leagues and are broadcasting esports events on their networks. 

Overall,
the esports and entertainment industry is becoming increasingly competitive, with many players vying for a share of the growing market.
To succeed in this industry, Allied will need to continue to innovate and differentiate us from our competitors, while also providing
compelling and engaging experiences for their audiences. 

Territories 

We sell products and services
worldwide and collaborate with global brands targeting worldwide gaming communities. Our esports tournaments attract participants from
North America, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Our live events and original content are streamed on global platforms
such as Twitch and YouTube, making them accessible to audiences around the world. Additionally, we use various social media platforms
such as Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and advertising platforms such as Google ad and Facebook to increase awareness. 

Employees 

As
of March 24, 2023, we had 78 employees, including 29 employees that operated under collective-bargaining agreements. 

Available Information 

Our
company s website address is https://www.alliedesports.gg/. Through this website, Allied s filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements and other documents, are accessible (free of charge) as
soon as reasonably practicable after materials are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. The information provided on our website
is not part of this or any other report we file or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issues that file electronically with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available
to the public on the SEC s website at http:// www.sec.gov .

5 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the specific risks described below before making an investment
decision. Any of the risks we describe below could cause our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects
to be materially adversely affected. 

The
market price of our common stock could decline if one or more of these risks and uncertainties develop into actual events and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial
also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. Amounts within
the Risk Factors section are stated in thousands with the exception of share information . 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

We
may not be able to execute successfully our recently announced new strategic and business plans. 

As
a result of our sale of the WPT business in July 2021, we have disposed of substantially all of our operating assets other than cash,
investments and our esports business. In December 2022, we announced plans to restructure our existing esports business and expand its
focus to include a broader array of entertainment and gaming products and services. Under this plan, we intend to pursue multiple channels
of opportunities instead of a single significant corporate transaction such as an acquisition of complimentary assets or businesses,
and we currently exploring opportunities to leverage its location-based-entertainment expertise with a focus on gaming lifestyle and
experiential entertainment, as well as growing its digital footprint and monetization capabilities through mobile gaming. However, we
may encounter difficulties and challenges in the implementation of our plans, including but are not limited to: 

Lack
 of experiences and expertise in new markets and offerings; 

Intense
 competition with other more well-established players; 

Inability
 to create content and products that attract gamers, consumers and other customers; 

Failure
 to secure partnership and collaborators to execute our plans; 

Inability
 to identify and develop viable targets in acquisitions and joint ventures; 

Lack
 of resources and strategic support in pursuing new opportunities; 

Inability
 to implement successful sales and marketing efforts and to secure sponsorship; 

Macroeconomic
 trend and slowdown in gaming and entertainment industries; 

Difficulties
 in obtaining investment and capital to fund desired projects; and 

Higher
 costs in regulatory compliance requirements. 

If
we are not able to execute our strategies and plans successfully and timely, we will not be able to grow our business and generate sufficient
revenue to achieve profitability, which may adversely affect your investment in our stock. In addition, if our new strategic plan fails,
we will not be able to rely on our existing Allied Esports business to generate positive financial performance and may be required to
seek other options and alternatives to continue our business operations, which may be subject to new risks and uncertainties. 

6 

Allied
is subject to risks associated with operating in a rapidly developing industry and a relatively new market. 

Many
elements of Allied s business are unique, evolving and relatively unproven. Its business and prospects depend on the continuing
development of live streaming of competitive esports gaming. The market for esports gaming competition is relatively new and rapidly
developing and is subject to significant challenges. Allied s business relies upon its ability to grow and garner an active gamer
community, and successfully monetize this community through tournament fees, live event ticket sales, and advertising and sponsorships.
In addition, Allied s continued growth depends, in part, on its ability to respond to constant changes in the esports gaming industry,
including technological evolution, shifts in gamer trends and demands, introductions of new games, game publisher intellectual property
right practices, and industry standards and practices. While change in this industry may be inevitable, and Allied will try to adapt
its business model as needed to accommodate change and remain on the forefront of its competitors, Allied may be unsuccessful in doing
so and does not provide any guarantees or assurances of success as the industry continues to evolve. 

Allied
may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability. 

Allied
expects its operating expenses to increase significantly as it continues to expand its marketing efforts and operations in existing and
new geographies and vertical markets (including its online esports tournament and gaming subscription platform it intends to develop).
In addition, Allied expects to continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company.
If its revenue declines or fails to grow at a rate faster than these increases in operating expenses, it will not be able to achieve
profitability in future periods. As a result, Allied may generate losses. Allied cannot assure you that it will achieve profitability. 

Allied
generates a portion of its revenues from advertising and sponsorship. If it fails to attract more advertisers and sponsors to its live
events, tournaments or content, or if advertisers or sponsors are less willing to advertise with or sponsor Allied, its revenues may
be adversely affected. 

Allied
generates revenue from advertising and sponsorship, and it expects to further develop and expand its focus on these revenues in the future.
These revenues partly depend on the advertisers willingness to advertise in the esports gaming industry. If the esports gaming
advertising and sponsorship market does not continue to grow, or if Allied is unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that
market, Allied s ability to achieve profitability may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, with unfavorable economic
external factors, sponsors and advertisers may not have enough budget allocations for spending in sponsorship and advertising in esports,
which would also lead to an adverse impact on Allied s revenue stream. 

Allied s
business model may not remain effective and it cannot guarantee that its future monetization strategies will be successfully implemented
or generate sustainable revenues and profit. 

Allied generates revenues
from advertising and sponsorship of its live events, its content, the sale of merchandising, and the operation of its esports arenas.
Allied has generated, and expects to continue to generate, a substantial portion of revenues using this revenue model in the near term.
Although Allied anticipates growth in Allied s business utilizing this revenue model, there is no guarantee that growth will continue
in the future, and the demand for its offerings may change, decrease substantially or dissipate, or it may fail to anticipate and serve
esports gamer demands effectively. Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic may also continue to cause the demand for
our in-person events to reduce and shift demand to online gaming. Allied may determine to enter into new opportunities to expand
its business, including online gaming platforms, which may or may not be successful. Any such expansions involve additional risks and
costs that could materially and adversely affect its business. 

Even
if Allied is able to license its brand to third party esports operators, there is a risk that those operators could damage its brand
by operating esports arenas that are not at Allied s standards of operation. 

As
Allied licenses the Allied brand to third party esports arena operators around the world, it will depend on those operators to run those
arenas at a quality level similar to Allied s owned and operated arenas. Allied s strategy depends on customers associating
the third party esports arenas as part of Allied s network of affiliated arenas, which it believes will expand its brand recognition
and increase customers, revenue, and growth. If Allied s affiliate arenas are poorly operated, or if those operators fail to use
Allied s name and branding in a manner consistent with Allied s corporate messaging and branding, or if there are safety
issues or other negative occurrences at affiliate arenas, Allied s name and brand could be significantly damaged, which would make
its expansion difficult and materially adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 

7 

Allied s
long-term growth strategy includes deploying additional mobile arenas in the U.S. and Europe to host its tournaments and events and it
must operate them profitably. 

A
key element of Allied s long-term growth strategy is to extend its brand by increasing and adding to its portfolio of mobile
arenas in the U.S. and Europe, as we believe doing so will provide attractive returns on investment. Adding these mobile arenas will
depend upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond Allied s control, including but not limited to our ability, or the ability
of our licensees, to: 

reach
 acceptable agreements regarding the lease or acquisition of the trucks that are the basis of the mobile arenas; 

comply
 with applicable zoning, licensing, land use and environmental regulations and orders and obtain required permits and approvals; 

raise
 or have available an adequate amount of cash or currently available financing for construction of the mobile arenas and the related
 operational costs; 

timely
 hire, train and retain the skilled management and other employees necessary to operate the mobile arenas; 

efficiently
 manage the amount of time and money used to build and operate each new mobile arena; and 

manage
 the risks of road hazards, accidents, traffic violations, etc. that may impede the operations of the mobile arenas. 

The
nature of hosting esports events exposes Allied to negative publicity or customer complaints, including in relation to, among other things,
accidents, injuries or thefts at the arenas, and health and safety concerns. 

Allied s
business of hosting esports events inherently exposes it to negative publicity or customer complaints as a result of accidents, injuries
or, in extreme cases, deaths arising from incidents occurring at our arenas, including health, safety or security issues, and quality
and service standards. Even isolated or sporadic incidents or accidents may have a negative impact on Allied s brand image and
reputation, the arenas popularity with gamers and spectators or the ability to host esports events at all. 

Allied s
marketing and advertising efforts may fail to resonate with gamers. 

Allied s
live events, tournaments and competitions are marketed through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as online
and mobile advertising, marketing through websites, event sponsorship and direct communications with the esports gaming community including
via email, blogs and other electronic means. An increasing portion of Allied s marketing activity is taking place on social media
platforms that are either outside, or not totally within, its direct control. Changes to gamer preferences, marketing regulations, privacy
and data protection laws, technology changes or service disruptions may negatively impact its ability to reach target gamers. Allied s
ability to market its tournaments and competitions is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. 

The
esports gaming industry is competitive, and gamers may prefer competitors arenas, leagues, competitions or tournaments over those
offered by Allied. 

The
esports gaming industry is competitive. Competitors range from established leagues and championships owned directly, as well as leagues
franchised by well-known and capitalized game publishers and developers, interactive entertainment companies, diversified media
companies and emerging start-ups. New competitors will likely continue to emerge. Many of these competitors may have greater financial
resources than Allied. If Allied s competitors develop and launch competing arenas, leagues, tournaments or competitions, Allied s
revenue and margins could decline. 

8 

Allied
may not provide events or tournaments with games or titles for which the esports gaming community is interested. 

Allied
must attract and retain the popular esports gaming titles in order to maintain and increase the popularity of its live events, leagues,
tournaments and competitions. Allied must identify and license popular games that resonate with the esports gamer community on an ongoing
basis. Allied cannot assure you that it can attract and license popular esports games from their publishers, and failure to do so would
have a material and adverse impact on Allied s results of operations and financial conditions. 

If
Allied fails to keep its existing gamers engaged, acquire new gamers and expand interest in its live events, leagues, tournaments and
competitions, its business, its ability to achieve profitability and its prospects may be adversely affected. 

Allied s
success depends on its ability to maintain and grow the number of gamers attending its live events, tournaments and competitions, and
keep its gamers and attendees highly engaged. In order to attract, retain and engage gamers and remain competitive, Allied must continue
to develop and expand its live events, leagues, produce engaging tournaments and competitions, and implement new content formats, technologies
and strategies to improve its product offerings. There is no assurance it will be able to do so. 

A
decline in the number of gamers may adversely affect the engagement level of gamers with Allied s tournament and entertainment
platform under development may reduce our revenue opportunities and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

It
is vital to Allied s operations that its planned online esports tournament and gaming subscriptions platform be responsive to evolving
gamer preferences and offer first-tier esports game content and other services that attracts gamers. Allied must also keep providing
gamers new features and functions to enable superior content viewing and interaction, or the number of gamers utilizing the platform
will likely decline. Any decline in the number of gamers will likely have a material and adverse effect on our operations. 

There
is no guarantee that Allied will be able to complete its planned online esports tournament and gaming subscription platform, or that
such platform once completed will be or remain popular. 

Allied
cannot assure you that the online esports tournament and gaming subscription platform it intends to develop will be completed in a timely
manner or, if completed, become popular with gamers to offset the costs incurred to operate and expand it. This will require substantial
costs and expenses. If such increased costs and expenses do not effectively translate into improved gamer engagement, Allied s
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

If
Allied fails to maintain and enhance its brands, its business, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

Allied
believes that maintaining and enhancing its brands is important for its business to succeed by increasing the number of gamers and engagement
by the esports community. Since Allied operates in a highly competitive market, brand maintenance and enhancement directly affects its
ability to maintain and enhance its market position. As Allied expands, it may conduct various marketing and brand promotion activities
using various methods to continue promoting its brands, but it cannot assure you that these activities will be successful. In addition,
negative publicity, regardless of its veracity, could harm Allied s brands and reputation, which may materially and adversely affect
Allied s business, results of operations and prospects. 

9 

If
Allied fails to anticipate and successfully implement new esports technologies or adopt new business strategies, technologies or methods,
its business may suffer. 

Rapid
technology changes in the esports gaming market requires Allied to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies it must
develop, implement and take advantage of in order to be and remain competitive in the esports gaming market. Allied has invested, and
in the future may invest, in new business strategies including its to-be-developed online esports tournament and entertainment subscription
platform, technologies, products, or games to engage a growing number of gamers and deliver the best gaming experiences possible. These
endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the technology it adopts and the features it
pursues will be successful. If Allied does not successfully implement these new technologies, its reputation may be materially adversely
affected and its financial condition and operating results may be impacted. 

Allied
uses third-party services in connection with its business, and any disruption to these services could result in a disruption to its business,
negative publicity and a slowdown in the growth of its users, materially and adversely affecting its business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Allied s
business depends on services provided by, and relationships with, various third parties, including cloud hosting, server operators, broadband
providers, and computing peripheral suppliers, among others. The failure of any of these parties to perform in compliance with our agreements
may negatively impact Allied s business. 

Additionally,
if such third parties increase their prices, fail to provide their services effectively, terminate their service or agreements or discontinue
their relationships with Allied, Allied could suffer service interruptions, reduced revenues, or increased costs, any of which may have
a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Allied
may not be able to procure the necessary permits and licenses to operate its arenas. 

Allied
must obtain certain permits and licenses, including liquor licenses, to operate its arenas. Often these processes can be expensive and
time consuming. There is no guarantee that Allied will be able to obtain such permits and licenses on a timely or cost-effective basis.
Any delays could jeopardize the ability of Allied to operate the arenas and host events. As a result, Allied s business could suffer. 

Rules
and regulations governing sweepstakes, promotions and giveaways vary by state and country and these rules and regulations could restrict
or eliminate Allied s ability to generate revenues on its esports gaming platform it intends to develop, which could materially
and adversely impact the viability of this business. 

As
part of its esports gaming platform to be developed, Allied intends to offer subscribers the chance to win cash and prizes when playing
esports games and tournaments on the platform. Awarding cash and prizes would require compliance with the laws or regulations in various
states or countries over sweepstakes, promotions and giveaways, which are complex and constantly changing. Any negative finding of law
regarding the characterization of the type of online activity carried out on the esports gaming platform could limit or prevent Allied s
ability to obtain subscribers in those jurisdictions, which in turn could significantly impact Allied s ability to generate revenue.
The ability or willingness to work with Allied by payment processors and other service providers necessary to conduct the esports gaming
platform business also may be limited due to such changes in laws or any perceived negative consequences of engaging in the business
of sweepstakes, promotions and giveaways that will be utilized by the esports gaming platform. 

Negotiations
with unionized employees could delay opening or operating Allied s arenas. 

Certain
of Allied s employees are represented by one or more unions. Allied will need to engage such unions to seek to employ the services
of the employees on mutually acceptable terms. However, Allied cannot guarantee that such negotiations will be timely concluded to avoid
interruption in its tournament schedule, or that such negotiations will ultimately result in an agreement. Any failure to timely conclude
the negotiations could cause a delay in Allied s ability to timely open arenas or host events. Either of these events would adversely
affect Allied s ability to achieve profitability. 

10 

Allied s
business is subject to regulation, and changes in applicable regulations may negatively impact its business. 

Allied
is subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition,
laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection, retention, electronic commerce, consumer protection, content, advertising,
localization, and information security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many jurisdictions and countries throughout
the world. These laws could harm Allied s business by limiting the products and services it can offer consumers or the manner in
which it offers them. The compliance costs for these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore,
Allied s failure to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm its business and
result in penalties or significant legal liability. 

Allied
has historically operated at a net loss on a consolidated basis, and there is no guarantee that that it will be able to be profitable. 

The
historical operations of Allied have resulted in net losses from continuing operations of 11.1 million and 15.1 million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not know with any degree of certainty whether or when the consolidated operations
of Allied will become profitable. Even if we are able to achieve profitability in future periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase
our profitability in successive periods. 

We
have formulated our business plans and strategies based on certain assumptions regarding the acceptance of our business model and the
marketing of our products and services. Nevertheless, our assessments regarding market size, market share, market acceptance of our products
and services and a variety of other factors may prove incorrect. Our future success will depend upon many factors, including factors
beyond our control and those that cannot be predicted at this time. 

Forecasts
of our market and market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth,
there can be no assurance that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all. 

Growth
forecasts included in SEC filings relating to our market opportunities and the expected growth in those markets are subject to significant
uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may prove to be inaccurate. We also plan to operate in a number of foreign
markets, and a downturn in any of those markets could have a significant adverse effect on our businesses. Even if these markets meet
our size estimate and experiences the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at a similar rate, or at all. Our growth is subject
to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly,
the forecasts of market growth should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 

Any
actual or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies or legal or regulatory requirements in one or multiple jurisdictions
could result in proceedings, actions or penalties against us. 

Allied
has implemented various features intended to better comply with applicable privacy and security requirements in the collection and use
of customer data, but these features do not ensure compliance and may not be effective against all potential privacy and data security
concerns. A wide variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure,
transfer, disposal and other processing of personal data. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving
and may result in regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Our failure to comply with applicable
laws and regulations, or to protect any personal data, could result in enforcement actions against us, including fines, claims for damages
by customers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing customers and
prospective customers), any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial performance and prospects. 

Evolving
and changing definitions of personal data and personal information within the European Union EU ), the United States
and elsewhere may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business. In jurisdictions outside of the United States,
we may face data protection and privacy requirements that are more stringent than those in place in the United States. We are at
risk of enforcement actions taken by certain EU data protection authorities until such point in time that we may be able to ensure that
all transfers of personal data to us in the United States from the EU are conducted in compliance with all applicable regulatory
obligations, the guidance of data protection authorities and evolving best practices. The European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR may impose additional obligations, costs and risks upon our business. The GDPR may increase substantially the penalties
to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. In addition, we may incur substantial expense in complying with the
obligations imposed by the GDPR and we may be required to make significant changes in our business operations, all of which may adversely
affect our revenues and our business overall. 

11 

Loss,
retention or misuse of certain information and alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security, and
any relevant claims, may expose us to potential liability and may require us to expend significant resources on data security and in
responding to and defending such allegations and claims. In addition, future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, and
changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could impair our ability to collect, use
or disclose data relating to individuals, which could increase our costs and impair our ability to maintain and grow our customer base
and increase our revenue. 

Allied
publicly posts its privacy policies and practices concerning processing, use and disclosure of the personally identifiable information
provided to it by website visitors. Publication of such privacy policies and other statements published that provide promises and assurances
about privacy and security can subject us to potential state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive or misrepresentative
of actual policies and practices or if actual practices are found to be unfair. Evolving and changing definitions of what constitutes
 Personal Information and Personal Data within the EU, the United States and elsewhere, especially relating
to classification of IP addresses, machine or device identification numbers, location data and other information, may limit or inhibit
our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting technology alliance relationships that may involve the sharing of data. 

Our
failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new business initiatives
in the future could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our operating results. 

In
the future we may need to raise additional funds, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms,
if at all. If we raise additional equity financing, our security holders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests.
If we engage in debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force
us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. If we cannot raise
capital on acceptable terms, or at all, we will not be able to execute successfully our business plans, including the inability to: 

develop
 and enhance our products and services; 

continue
 to expand our network of arenas; 

hire,
 train and retain employees; 

respond
 to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 

pursue
 acquisition opportunities. 

Although
we have been able to fund our current working capital requirements through operations, debt and equity financing, there is no assurance
that we will be able to do so in the future. 

We
may experience security breaches and cyber threats. 

We
face cyber risks and threats that could damage, disrupt or allow third parties to gain improper access to our networks and platforms,
supporting infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets. In addition, we rely on technological infrastructure, including third
party cloud hosting and broadband, provided by third party business partners to support the functionality of our platforms and content
distribution. These business partners are also subject to cyber risks and threats. Such cyber risks and threats may be difficult to detect.
The techniques that may be used to obtain unauthorized access or disable, degrade, exploit or sabotage these networks and gaming platforms
change frequently and often are not detected. Our systems and processes and those of our third-party business partners may not be
adequate. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks, or respond adequately to a security breach or cyber risk,
could result in interruptions to our platforms, degrade the gamer/user experiences, cause gamers/users to lose confidence in our platforms
and cease utilizing them, as well as significant legal and financial exposure. This could harm our business and reputation, disrupt our
relationships with partners and diminish our competitive position. 

12 

Global
health threats, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious disease or global or regional epidemic or
pandemic. A significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population, such as the COVID-19 pandemic could result in a widespread
health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that
could affect demand for our products and services. As a global entertainment company that hosts numerous live events with spectators
and participants in destination cities, such outbreak may cause people to avoid traveling to and attending our events, which will adversely
affect our business operations and financial results. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

Allied
licensed certain brand names under agreements that have expired and may also be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights. 

Allied s license
with a third party to use the names Esports Arena Las Vegas and Esports Arena Drive , which are part of the
branding for its Las Vegas flagship esports arena location and its US-based mobile arena, respectively, ended in July 2021. Although
Allied intends to market and promote its esports arenas using intellectual property it owns and controls, and is discontinuing use of
such branding, there are no assurances that those efforts will be fruitful and that it will be able to maintain brand awareness once the
license expires. 

Furthermore,
third parties may claim that Allied has infringed their intellectual property rights. Although Allied takes steps to avoid violating
the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. Infringement claims against
us, whether valid or not, may be expensive to defend and divert the attention of Allied s management and employees from business
operations. Such claims or litigation could require Allied to pay damages, royalties, legal fees and other costs. Allied also could be
required to stop offering, distributing or supporting esports games, its to-be-developed gaming platform or other features or services
which incorporate the affected intellectual property rights, redesign products, features or services to avoid infringement, or obtain
a license, all of which could be costly and harm its business. 

Allied s
technology, content and brands are subject to the threat of piracy, unauthorized copying and other forms of intellectual property infringement. 

Allied
regards its technology, content and brands as proprietary and takes measures to protect it from infringement. Piracy and other forms
of unauthorized copying and use of technology, content and brands are persistent, and policing is difficult. Further, the laws of some
countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or are poorly enforced.
Legal protection of Allied s rights may be ineffective in such countries, which could have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Allied
may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of its intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

Allied
regards its registered trademark and pending trademarks, service marks, pending patents, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technologies
and similar intellectual property as critical to its success. Allied relies on trademark and patent law, trade secret protection and
confidentiality and license agreements with its employees and others to protect its proprietary rights. 

Allied
has invested significant resources to develop its own intellectual property and acquire licenses to use and distribute the intellectual
property of others. Failure to maintain or protect these rights could harm its business. In addition, any unauthorized use of our intellectual
property by third parties may adversely affect its current and future revenues. 

Allied
may not be able to develop compelling intellectual property content or secure media content distributors to promote, sell, and distribute
such content, which could harm its business and competitive position. 

Allied
intends to produce licensable content from the various live events, tournaments, and its own initiatives and brands to sell to viewers
worldwide. There is no guarantee that it will be able to develop content that is compelling to its targeted customers. Media and gaming
company competitors, many of which are better funded, are also creating content from esports events, and it will be difficult to create
content that stands out and attracts customers. Furthermore, to carry out Allied s worldwide distribution plans, film and media
distribution partners will be needed and, in the event, Allied is not able to secure content distributors on terms acceptable to Allied,
this will have a significant adverse impact on revenue streams from the sale or licensing of intellectual property. 

13 

Allied
has not entered into definitive license agreements with all game publishers that it currently has relationships with, and it may never
do so. 

Although
Allied has relationships with many game publishers for tournament event and content experiences involving their respective intellectual
properties and enters into definitive license agreements with such game publishers from time to time, Allied does not have definitive
license agreements in place with all of its game publishers. No assurances can be given as to when or if it will be able to come to agreeable
terms with game publishers for any future license agreements. If Allied is unable to come to mutually agreeable terms and enter into
definitive license agreements with game publishers, game publishers may unilaterally choose to discontinue its relationship with Allied,
thereby preventing Allied from offering tournament event and content experiences using their game intellectual property. Should game
publishers choose not to allow Allied to offer tournament event and content experiences involving their intellectual property to Allied s
customers, the popularity of Allied s tournaments and content may decline, which could materially and adversely affect its results
of operations and financial condition. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
market price of shares of our common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 

The
market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Securities markets worldwide experience
significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could
reduce the market price of shares of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. In addition, our operating results could
be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including variations in our quarterly
operating results or dividends, if any, to stockholders, additions or departures of key management personnel, failure to meet analysts 
earnings estimates, publication of research reports about our industry, litigation and government investigations, changes or proposed
changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business, adverse market reaction to
any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future, changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation
in the press or investment community, announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments, adverse publicity about the industries we participate in or individual scandals,
and, in response, the market price of shares of our common stock could decrease significantly. You may be unable to resell your shares
of common stock at or above a price you feel is appropriate. 

In
the past few years, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility
in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted
against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s
attention and resources. 

If
our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we provide to the public, the market price
of our common stock may decline. 

We
may, but are not obligated to, provide public guidance on our expected operating and financial results for future periods. Any such guidance
will be comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in our public filings and public
statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed any guidance we have provided, especially in times of economic
uncertainty. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance we provide or the
expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline
as well. Even if we do issue public guidance, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in the future. 

We
incur increased costs and are subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of being a public company, which could lower
our profits or make it more difficult to run our business. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that are not incurred by private companies, including costs
associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
and related rules implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market. The expenses generally incurred by public companies for reporting
and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with
any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations also may make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, on our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we
are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock on the Nasdaq market,
fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

14 

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our executive officers, key employees and qualified personnel, and our business
operations may be severely disrupted if we lose the services of such personnel. 

Our
future success depends substantially on the continued efforts of our executive officers and key employees. If one or more of our executive
officers or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue their services with us, we might not be able to replace them easily, in
a timely manner, or at all. Since the esports gaming industry is characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain qualified staff or other highly skilled employees. If any of our executive
officers or key employees terminate their services with us, our business may be severely disrupted, our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel. 

Through
its wholly-owned subsidiary Primo Vital Limited, Ourgame International Holdings Limited Ourgame owns a significant percentage
of our outstanding common stock, enabling it to exert significant influence over our operations and activities, which may affect the
trading price of our common stock. 

According
to its SEC filings, Ourgame, through Primo Vital Limited, beneficially owns and controls approximately 35.8 of our outstanding common
stock. Primo Vital Limited is entitled to full voting rights with respect to the shares of common stock that it owns. This concentrated
ownership enables Ourgame to exert significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder votes, including: the election of directors;
mergers, consolidations, acquisitions and other strategic transactions; the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other
decisions affecting our capital structure; amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation or our bylaws; and our winding up and dissolution.
The interests of Ourgame may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders, and Ourgame s
influence may delay, deter or prevent acts that would be favored by us or our other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may
also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of the Company. Also, Ourgame may seek to cause us to take
courses of action that, in its judgment, could enhance its investments in us, but which might involve risks to our other stockholders
or adversely affect us or our other stockholders. As a result, the market price of our shares could decline. In addition, this concentration
of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our shares because prospective investors may perceive disadvantages in owning
shares in a company such as our company with such a significant stockholder. 

15 

Our
failure to achieve and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could adversely
affect our financial position and lower our stock price. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations
of the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports. Nevertheless, all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Management identified the following material weaknesses indicative
of smaller reporting companies as of December 31, 2022: 

inadequate segregation of duties resulting from limited accounting staff and resources; and 

inadequate
 information technology general controls as it relates to user access and change management. 

As
a company with limited accounting resources, a significant amount of management s time and attention has been and will be diverted
from our business to work toward compliance with these regulatory requirements. This diversion of management s time and attention
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

These
material weaknesses and any significant deficiencies could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and any annual independent
registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that
we may be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information,
which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet
these requirements, we may not be able to maintain our common stock listing on Nasdaq. 

Increases
in interest rates may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

While
interest rates have in recent years been at record low levels, the likely return to increases in interest rates may cause a corresponding
decline in demand for equity investments. Any such increase in interest rates or reduction in demand for our common stock resulting from
other relatively more attractive investment opportunities may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We
have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock; as a result, you may not receive any return on investment unless you
sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We
have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock with the proceeds of the WPT sale transaction. Any future determination to
pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors,
including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions,
general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return
on an investment in our common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

16 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish negative reports, the market price of
our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. If one of more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose
visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. Moreover,
if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our common stock or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, the
market price of our common stock could decline. 

You
will be diluted by the future issuance of common stock, preferred stock, or securities convertible into common or preferred stock, in
connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions, capital raises or otherwise. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of common stock and options, rights, warrants and
appreciation rights relating to common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our Board of Directors
in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. 

In
the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock
or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity or shares
of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may
dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock or both. Debt securities
convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number
of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions
or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our
decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may
adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our common stock bear the risk that our
future offerings may reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute their stockholdings in us. 

Additionally, we have reserved
an aggregate of 7,800,000 shares of common stock for issuance under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2019 Plan ).
Any common stock that we issue, including under our 2019 Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute
the percentage ownership held by our common stockholders. We have filed an effective registration statement on Form S-8 under
the Securities Act to register shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock
issued pursuant to our 2019 Plan. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open
market upon issuance. 

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its stockholders, which
could limit the Company s stockholders ability to obtain a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for
disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers or employees. 

The
Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim
arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or the Company s
Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware (or if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court located within the State of Delaware, or if
no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) in all
cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This exclusive forum
provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. It could apply, however, to a suit
that falls within one or more of the categories enumerated in the exclusive forum provision and asserts claims under the Securities Act,
inasmuch as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rule and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have
waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

17 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum
of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers and other employees. 

If
a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result
in substantial costs and be a distraction to the Company s management. 

Our
Board of Directors ability to issue undesignated preferred stock and the existence of anti-takeover provisions may depress the
value of our common stock. 

The
Company s authorized capital includes 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Our Board has the power to issue any
or all of the shares of preferred stock, including the authority to establish one or more series and to fix the powers, preferences,
rights and limitations of such class or series, without seeking stockholder approval, subject to certain limitations on this power under
Nasdaq listing requirements. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
regarding business combinations. We may, in the future, consider adopting additional anti-takeover measures. The authority
of our Board to issue undesignated stock and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law, as well as any future anti-takeover measures
adopted by us, may, in certain circumstances, delay, deter or prevent takeover attempts and other changes in control of our company that
are not approved by our Board. As a result, our stockholders may lose opportunities to dispose of their shares at favorable prices generally
available in takeover attempts or that may be available under a merger proposal and the market price, voting and other rights of the
holders of common stock may also be affected. 

The
failure of financial institutions or transactional counterparties could adversely affect our current and projected business operations
and our financial condition and results of operations. 

On March 10, 2023, Silicon
Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate
Capital Corp. were each entered into receivership. A statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated
that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured
deposit accounts. The standard deposit insurance amount is up to 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category.
Although we do not have any funds deposited with SVB and Signature Bank, we regularly maintain cash balances with other financial institutions
in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. A failure of a depository institution to return deposits could impact access to our invested cash
or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
Company s main offices are licensed and are located at 745 Fifth Avenue, Suite 500, New York, NY 10151. The Company considers this
office space adequate for its current office operations. The initial term expired on July 31, 2022, and the Company has been on a month-to-month
basis thereafter. 

Allied operates its flagship
arena, the HyperX Esports Arena Las Vegas, at the Luxor Casino on the Vegas strip, whose pyramid is one of the most visible landmarks
in Las Vegas. This arena has 80 to 100 gaming stations, two bars, food service, private rooms, a production facility, and space for up
to 1,000 people for events. The arena is custom-built for esports tournaments and has a broadcast-ready television studio to broadcast
live events and produce content. The lease term expires on May 23, 2023 and the Company pays base rent of 125,000 per month. The Company
has the option to extend for an additional 60 months at 137,500 per month 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

For information regarding
legal proceedings, see Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Company is involved in various disputes, claims, liens and litigation matters arising out of the normal course of business. While the
outcome of these disputes, claims, liens and litigation matters cannot be predicted with certainty, after consulting with legal counsel,
management does not believe that, except as set forth above, the outcome of these matters, either individually or collectively, will
have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol AGAE. 

Holders 

On March 21, 2023, there
were 23 holders of record of our common stock, one of which was Cede Co., a nominee for The Depository Trust Company, or DTC. Shares
of common stock that are held by financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners are deposited into participant accounts at DTC,
and are considered to be held of record by Cede Co. as one stockholder. 

Dividends 

We
anticipate that we will retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not
anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our future credit facilities and future debt instruments may
materially restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion
of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and
anticipated cash needs, the requirements of our current or then-existing debt instruments and other factors our Board of Directors deems
relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

Information about our equity
compensation plan in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On November 11, 2022, our
Board of Directors (the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 10
million of our outstanding shares of common stock through November 17, 2024. The manner, timing and amount of any purchase will be based
on an evaluation of market conditions, stock price and other factors. Repurchases under the program will be made in open market transactions
in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-18 and federal securities laws. The stock repurchase program does not
obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time at
the Company s discretion. The stock repurchase will be funded using the Company s working capital. 

The
following table provides information with respect to repurchases made under the stock repurchase program since inception: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per 
 Share 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased
 as Part of Publicly Announced Program 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares Available to be Purchased Under the Program 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 
 581,746 
 1.02 
 581,746 
 9,389,438 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

19 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains statements that are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risk, uncertainties and other factors. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, 
 estimate, or continue, and similar expressions or variations. Actual results could differ materially because
of the factors discussed in Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other factors that we have not
identified. 

The
Company 

Allied is a global experiential entertainment company
focused on providing a growing audience of gamers with unique experiences through renowned assets, products, and services. Allied Esports
International, Inc. operates global competitive esports properties designed to connect players and fans via a network of connected arenas.
Esports Arena Las Vegas, LLC operates a flagship gaming arena located at the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. Allied Esports GmbH operates
a mobile esports trucks that serves as both a battleground and content generation hub and also operates a studio for recording and streaming
gaming events. The Company offers a variety of esports and gaming-related content, including world class tournaments, live and virtual
entertainment and gaming events, and original programming to continuously foster an engaged gaming community. Allied Esports operates
solely through its wholly owned subsidiaries. In December 2022, the Company completed a strategic review of its business operations and
announced plans to restructure the existing esports business and expand its focus to include a broader array of entertainment and gaming
products and services. Under this plan, the Company intends to pursue multiple channels of opportunities instead of a single significant
corporate transaction such as an acquisition of complimentary assets or businesses, and it is currently exploring opportunities to leverage
its location-based-entertainment expertise with a focus on gaming lifestyle and experiential entertainment, as well as growing its digital
footprint and monetization capabilities through mobile gaming. 

Allied s in-person experiences include live events hosted at
its flagship arena, HyperX Arena Las Vegas, an affiliate arena with one of its global network of esports arena partners, and its mobile
arenas. Allied s multiplatform content include its partnerships with live streamers, post-produced episodic content, and short-form
repackaged content. Allied s interactive services include strategic partnerships with various content creators, broadcasters, and
streaming technology partners to provide interactive streaming experiences with a wide range of influencers. 

Allied
Esports 

Gaming
is one of the largest and fastest growing markets in the entertainment sector, with an estimated 2.56 billion gamers playing esports
globally, and esports is the major driver of this growth. Esports, short for electronic sports, is a general label that
comprises a diverse offering of competitive electronic games that gamers play against each other. It is projected that by 2023, 646 million
people will be watching esports globally, and that global esports revenue will grow to approximately 1.5 billion. 

The
esports gaming industry is relatively new and is challenging. Competition is rapidly developing. Allied s business relies upon
its ability to grow and garner an active gamer community, and successfully monetize this community through tournament fees, live event
ticket sales, and advertising and sponsorships utilizing a three-pillar approach, which includes: 

in-person experiences; 

developing
 multiplatform content; and 

providing
 interactive services. 

Its
growth also depends, in part, on its ability to respond to technological evolution, shifts in gamer trends and demands, introductions
of new games, game publisher intellectual property right practices, and industry standards and practices. While change in this industry
may be inevitable, Allied Esports will try to adapt its business model as needed to accommodate change and remain on the forefront of
its competitors. 

Allied s
business plan requires significant capital expenditures, and it expects its operating expenses to increase significantly as it continues
to expand its marketing efforts and operations in existing and new geographies and vertical markets (including its online esports tournament
and gaming subscription platform it intends to develop). A key element of Allied s growth strategy is to extend its brand by opening
additional flagship arenas throughout the world and by licensing the Allied brand to third party esports arena operators, which it believes
will provide attractive returns on investment. 

COVID-19 Pandemic.
 The COVID-19 pandemic had an adverse effect on the Company. As a global entertainment company, our business revenue is generated through
live, in person events with participants and spectators in multiple destination cities. The pandemic resulted in government regulation
and restrictions on travel, resulting in significantly decreased attendance for our events. Allied was forced to cancel or postponed live
events, and until Allied s flagship gaming arena located at the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada reopened on June 25, 2020,
operate online only. The arena is currently running at full capacity for daily play and weekly tournaments. During the course of 2022,
the risks of the COVID-19 pandemic largely subsided and restrictions on live, in-person events were lifted. While the COVID-19 pandemic
adversely affected our financial performance during fiscal year 2022, we do not anticipate such an adverse effect in 2023. 

20 

Results
of Operations 

Continuing
Operations 

Our
continuing operations consist of our esports gaming operations, which take place at global competitive esports properties designed to
connect players and fans via a network of connected arenas. Through our subsidiary Allied Esports, we offer esports fans state-of-the-art facilities
to compete against other players in esports competitions, host live events with esports superstars that potentially stream to millions
of viewers worldwide, produce and distribute esports content with at our on-site production facilities and studios. At our flagship
arena in Las Vegas, Nevada, we provide an attractive facility for hosting corporate events, tournaments, game launches or other events.
Additionally, Allied Esports has two mobile esports arenas, which are 18-wheel semi-trailers that convert into first class esports
arenas and competition stages with full content production capabilities and interactive talent studios. 

Discontinued
Operations 

The World Poker Tour is an
internationally televised gaming and entertainment with brand presence in land-based poker tournaments, television, online and mobile.
Leading innovation in the sport of poker since 2002, WPT helped ignite the global poker boom with the creation of a unique television
show based on a series of high-stakes poker tournaments. 

Sale
of WPT Business. On January 19, 2021, the Company and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, Allied Esports
Media, Inc. Esports Media, and together with the Company, the Selling Parties and Club Services, Inc. CSI ),
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Original Agreement with Element Partners, LLC Buyer ), pursuant
to which the Selling Parties sold 100 of the outstanding capital stock of CSI to the Buyer. Prior to the sale of CSI capital stock,
CSI was the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary that owned 100 of the outstanding capital stock of each of the legal
entities that collectively operate or engage in the Company s poker-related business and assets (the WPT Business ).
The sale of CSI is referred to herein as the Sale Transaction . The Selling Parties, CSI and Buyer entered into an Amended
and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement on March 19, 2021, and thereafter amended such agreement on March 29, 2021 (as amended,
the Stock Purchase Agreement ). 

Under
the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Buyer agreed to pay Esports Media a total purchase price of 105 million for the stock of CSI
(the base purchase price at the closing of the Sale Transaction, as further described below. The base purchase price was
adjusted to reflect the amount of CSI s cash, indebtedness and accrued and unpaid transaction expenses as of the closing of the
Sale Transaction. Buyer remitted a 10.0 million advance payment of the base purchase price in connection with the execution of
the Stock Purchase Agreement and paid the balance of the base purchase price at the closing of the Sale Transaction. 

The
sale of the WPT business was closed on July 12, 2021 for 106.0 million. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of WPT as follows: 

Cash
 consideration for sale of WPT (1) 
 106,049,884 

Less: book value of assets
 sold 

Cash 
 3,579,988 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 2,999,352 
 
 Restricted cash 
 100,000 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 
 264,385 
 
 Property and equipment,
 net 
 1,429,706 
 
 Goodwill 
 4,083,621 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 10,986,463 
 
 Deposits 
 79,500 
 
 Deferred
 production costs 
 12,684,054 
 
 Net
 book value of assets sold 
 36,207,069 

Add: liabilities assumed
 by buyer 

Accounts payable 
 487,579 
 
 Accrued expenses and other
 liabilities 
 5,567,072 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 1,807,176 
 
 Deferred
 rent 
 2,619,967 
 
 Total
 liabilities assumed 
 10,481,794 
 
 Less:
 transaction expenses (2) 
 2,465,774 

Gain
 on sale of WPT (3) 
 77,858,835 

(1) 
 Includes 105,120 of post-closing adjustments. 

(2) 
 Includes 1,165,774 of legal and professional fees and 1,300,000 of amounts reimbursed to the Company s principal stockholder. See Note 7 - Accrued Expense and Other Current Liabilities for additional details. 

(3) 
 Management has determined that there are no current federal or state income taxes payable in connection with the sale of WPT, after considering the Company s tax basis in the stock of WPT, as well as the Company s projected tax losses for the 2021 tax year. 

21 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the 

Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Favorable 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 (Unfavorable) 

Revenues: 

In-person 
 6,101 
 4,201 
 1,900 
 
 Multiplatform content 
 251 
 755 
 (504 
 
 Total Revenues 
 6,352 
 4,956 
 1,396 
 
 Costs and Expenses: 

In-person (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 4,994 
 3,689 
 (1,305 
 
 Multiplatform content (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 110 
 387 
 277 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 235 
 294 
 59 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 10,482 
 13,053 
 2,571 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,065 
 3,306 
 1,241 
 
 Impairment of property and equipment 
 68 
 - 
 (68 
 
 Impairment of digital assets 
 164 
 - 
 (164 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 (11,766 
 (15,773 
 4,007 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loans and interest 
 - 
 912 
 (912 
 
 Other income, net 
 153 
 69 
 84 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 789 
 (268 
 1,057 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (10,824 
 (15,060 
 4,236 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 67 
 (67 
 
 Gain on sale of WPT 
 - 
 77,859 
 (77,859 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 - 
 77,926 
 (77,926 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (10,824 
 62,866 
 (73,690 

Revenues 

In-person
experience revenues increased by approximately 1.9 million, or 45 , to approximately 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
from approximately 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of in-person experience revenues was driven by (a)
a 1.1 million increase in sponsorship revenue from a new contract entered into in the first quarter of 2022, (b) a 0.4 million increase
in food and beverage, ticket and gaming and merchandising revenue primarily attributable to the removal of COVID-19 pandemic-related
capacity restrictions at the Company s HyperX Esports Arena in Las Vegas on June 1, 2021, and (c) a 0.4 million increase in event
revenue. The 0.4 million increase in event revenue included a 1.1 million increase in studio and truck rental revenue, 0.3 million
increase in HyperX Esports Arena event revenue primarily attributable to larger events occurring in 2022 compared to 2021 and a 1.0
million decrease in rental revenue that was driven by a new contract entered into in 2021 that did not renew in 2022. 

Multiplatform
content revenues decreased by approximately 504 thousand, or 67 , to approximately 251 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2022 from approximately 755 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of multiplatform content revenues was
driven by a contract entered into in the second quarter of 2021 that did not renew in 2022. 

Costs
and expenses 

In-person
costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by approximately 1.3 million, or 35 , to approximately 5.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of in-person costs
was driven by (a) a 1.8 million increase in event costs resulting from larger events and additional tournaments with higher payouts
primarily attributable to the removal of COVID-19 pandemic-related capacity restrictions at the Company s HyperX Esports Arena
in Las Vegas on June 1, 2021, and (b) 0.4 million of higher truck costs resulting from the additional truck stops for our NASCAR events.
This was offset by a decrease of 0.9 million in production costs driven by the new contract entered into in 2021 which did not renew
in 2022. 

Multiplatform
content costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased by approximately 277 thousand, or 72 , to approximately 110
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately 387 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in
multiplatform content costs corresponds to higher costs in the second quarter of 2021 resulting from a new contract that did not
renew in 2022. This was partially offset by an increase in costs associated with the sale of NFT for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

22 

Selling
and marketing expenses decreased by approximately 59 thousand, or 20 , to approximately 235 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2022 from approximately 294 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in selling and marketing expenses was driven
by higher expenses in 2021 as the Company increased marketing efforts to increase awareness of the HyperX Esports Arena in Las Vegas
reopening to full capacity. 

General
and administrative expenses decreased by approximately 2.6 million, or 20 , to approximately 10.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2022 from approximately 13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in general and administrative expenses resulted
from higher expenses during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 as follows: (i) 1.1 million in stock-based compensation from the
issuance of director grants and restricted stock units issued to the Company s former CEO during 2021; (ii) 0.7 million in legal
and professional fees related to the sale of WPT; and (iii) 1.1 million in corporate payroll and bonus; and (iv) 0.1 million in other
general and administrative expenses. The decrease in corporate payroll expense from 2021 was offset by a 0.4 million increase in 2022
severance benefit expenses incurred in connection with the termination of our former CEO. 

Depreciation and amortization
decreased by approximately 1.2 million, or 38 , to approximately 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately
 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to an out-of-period adjustment of 0.6 million to correct
the amortization of leasehold improvements in prior periods. 

Impairment
of property and equipment was approximately 68 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The impairment resulted from management s determination that the projected cash flows from certain equipment will not
be sufficient to recover the carrying value of those assets. 

We
recognized an impairment of digital assets of approximately 164 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impairment loss is
a result of the market price on active exchanges falling below the carrying value of the digital assets. The Company did not have any
Ether or other digital assets on the books during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Gain
on forgiveness of PPP loans and interest 

We
recognized a gain on the full forgiveness of the PPP loans and related interest of approximately 912 thousand during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Other
income, net 

We
recognized other income, net, of approximately 153 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 69 thousand recorded
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the reversal of an income tax payable that was no longer due. This was
slightly offset by changes in the fair value of the warrant liability in 2022. 

Interest
income (expense), net 

Interest
income (expense), net was approximately 0.8 million and approximately (0.3) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, representing an increase of interest income of approximately 1.1 million, or 394 . The decrease in interest
expense was a result of the use of the proceeds of the sale of WPT to offset the principal balance of notes payable and convertible notes outstanding during the period. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a result of interest earned on
the cash received from the sale of WPT. 

Results
of Discontinued Operations 

We
recognized income from discontinued operations, net of tax, of 77.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a
result of the sale of the WPT business on July 12, 2021. 

23 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes our total current assets, liabilities and working capital surplus from continuing operations at December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 82,377 
 94,261 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 3,298 
 5,249 
 
 Working Capital Surplus 
 79,079 
 89,012 

Our
primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet and funds raised through
debt or equity financing. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 11.2 million (not including approximately 70.0 million of short-term investments and 5.0 million
of restricted cash) and working capital from continuing operations of approximately 79.1 million. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, we incurred net losses from continuing operations of approximately 10.8 million and 15.1 million, respectively, and used
cash in continuing operations of approximately 11.0 million and 10.1 million, respectively. Cash requirements for our current liabilities
include approximately 2.0 million for accounts payable and accrued expenses and 1.2 million for the current portion of an operating
lease liability. Cash requirements for non-current liabilities include approximately 6.5 million for the non-current portion of an operating
lease liability. The Company intends to meet these cash requirements from its current cash balance. 

On
July 12, 2021, we completed the sale of the WPT business for an aggregate purchase price of 106.0 million. With the sale of the WPT
business, we believe our current cash on hand is sufficient to meet our operating and capital requirements for at least the next twelve
months from the date of this Report. 

Cash
Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 

The
tables below summarize cash flows from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) 

Operating activities 

(10,934) 

(10,079) 
 
 Investing activities 

(70,135) 

105,858 

Financing activities 

(611) 

(3,421) 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities primarily represents the results of operations exclusive of non-cash expenses plus the impact of changes
in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 11.0 million and 10.1 million, respectively, representing
an increase of 0.9 million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net cash used in operating activities was primarily
attributable to the net loss from continuing operations of approximately 10.8 million and 15.1 million, respectively, 4.0 million and
 3.8 million, respectively, of net non-cash expenses, and approximately 4.1) million and 1.2 million, respectively, of cash (used in)
provided by changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. 

24 

Net
Cash (Used In) Provided By Investing Activities 

Net
cash (used in) provided by investing activities primarily relates to cash used for the purchase of property and equipment and other investment
activity. 

Net cash used in investing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 70.1 million, which consisted primarily of approximately 70.0 million
for the purchase of certificates of deposit. 

Net cash provided by investing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 105.9 million, which consisted primarily of approximately 106.0
million cash consideration for the sale of WPT, partially offset by approximately 192 thousand of cash used for the purchase of property
and equipment. 

Net
Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 0.6 million compared to approximately 3.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 represented
the purchase of treasury stock. Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 represented the repayments
of bridge loans during the period. 

Cash
Flows from Discontinued Operations 

Cash
held by the WPT business of approximately 3.6 million was sold in connection with the 2021 sale of the WPT business. No cash was provided
by, or (used in), discontinued operations in 2022. 

Capital
Expenditures 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no material commitments for capital expenditures. 

Stock Repurchase Program 

On November 11, 2022, our
Board of Directors (the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 10
million of our outstanding shares of common stock through November 17, 2024. The manner, timing and amount of any purchase will be based
on an evaluation of market conditions, stock price and other factors. Repurchases under the program will be made in open market transactions
in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-18 and federal securities laws. The stock repurchase program does not
obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time at
the Company's discretion. The stock repurchase will be funded using the Company's working capital. The total number of shares purchased
by the Company between December 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022, was 581,746. The average price per share for the shares purchased was
 1.02. The approximate dollar value of the shares available to be purchased under the program is 9,389,438 as of December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, nor does the Company have any interest in entities referred to
as variable interest entities. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and
liabilities, each as of the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods presented. On an ongoing basis,
management evaluates their estimates and assumptions, and the effects of any such revisions are reflected in the financial statements
in the period in which they are determined to be necessary. Management bases their estimates on historical experience and on various other
factors that they believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual outcomes could differ materially from those estimates
in a manner that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

While our significant accounting policies are more fully described
in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements, we believe that there
were no critical accounting policies and estimates that affect the preparation of financial statements. 

25 

Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There
have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) (the Exchange
Act ). Based on the foregoing evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level because of the material
weaknesses discussed below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Management identified the following material weaknesses indicative
of many smaller reporting companies as of December 31, 2022: 

inadequate
 segregation of duties resulting from limited accounting staff and resources; and 

inadequate
 information technology general controls as it relates to user access and change management. 

The Company experienced some key personnel turnover
in its accounting and information technology areas during 2022. This placed a significant impact on the Company s internal controls
leading to the material weakness described above. Our management, under the oversight of our Audit Committee, and in consultation with
outside advisors, has begun evaluating and implementing measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material
weakness are remediated. These remediation measures include but are not limited to: (i) reorganizing roles and responsibilities to address
segregation of duties issues, (ii) evaluating and implementing enhanced process controls around user access and change management; and
(iii) monitoring and conducting regular assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls. 

We believe the above actions
will be effective in remediating the material weakness described above and we will continue to devote time and attention to these remedial
efforts. However, as we continue to evaluate and take actions to improve our internal controls over financial reporting, we may take additional
actions to address control deficiencies or modify certain of the remediation measures described above. Our remediation efforts will not
be considered complete until the appliable controls operate for a sufficient period and our management has concluded, through testing,
that these controls are operating effectively. 

Nevertheless, notwithstanding
the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, our management has concluded that our consolidated
financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

26 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based
on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, as a result of the material weaknesses described above. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this Report or during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Attestation
Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not
contain an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm related to internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm as we
are not an accelerated filer, nor a large accelerated filer. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item
12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item
13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item
14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

28 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 and Exhibit Index on page 30. 

(b) 
 See
 Exhibit Index on page 30. 

(c) 
 Not
 applicable. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

29 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated December
 19, 2018, by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp., Black Ridge Merger Sub, Corp., Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc., Noble Link
 Global Limited, Ourgame International Holdings Ltd., and Primo Vital Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2018) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated August 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement of Merger, dated August 9, 2019, between Noble Link Global Limited and Allied Esports Media, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Plan of Merger, dated August 9, 2019, between Noble Link Global Limited and Allied Esports Media, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 19, 2021, by and among Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc., Allied Esports Media, Inc., Club Services, Inc., and Element Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2021) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 19, 2021, by and among Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc., Allied Esports Media, Inc., Club Services, Inc., and Element Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 22, 2021) 
 
 2.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, by and among Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc., Allied Esports Media, Inc., Club Services, Inc., and Element Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 30, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 27, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2020) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen common stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed September 22, 2017) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed September 22, 2017) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed September 22, 2017) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed September 22, 2017) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued June 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 8, 2020) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive
 Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed August 24, 2021) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive
 plan Amendment dated December 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December
 30, 2021) 

30 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.1 
 
 Pliska Employment Agreement dated January 24, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Pliska Employment Agreement Amendment dated June 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Pliska Employment Agreement Second Amendment dated December 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Change in Control Agreement dated December 31, 2020 by and between Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. and Adam Pliska (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated January 19, 2021 by and between Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. and Frank Ng (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated April 24, 2020 among Ourgame International Holdings Limited, Trisara Ventures, LLC, Adam Pliska and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release dated February 16,
 2022 by and between Libing (Claire) Wu and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed February 18, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Release and Non-disparagement Agreement dated March
 7, 2022 by and between Jerry Lewin and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed May 25, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated April 15, 2022, by and between Ourgame International Holdings Limited and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 25, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of ZH CPA, LLC 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required
to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 24, 2023 
 ALLIED
 GAMING ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Yinghau Chen 

Name: 
 Yinghau
 Chen 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Yinghau Chen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 and Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Yinghau
 Chen 

/s/
 Roy Anderson 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial and 
accounting officer) 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Roy
 Anderson 

/s/
 Lyle Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Lyle
 Berman 

/s/
 Bradley Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Bradley
 Berman 

/s/
 Yushi Guo 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Yushi
 Guo 

/s/
 Joseph Lahti 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Lahti 

/s/
 Yangyang Li 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Yangyang
 Li 

/s/
 Jingsheng (Jason) Lu 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Jingsheng
 (Jason) Lu 

/s/
 Benjamin Oehler 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Benjamin
 Oehler 

/s/
 Adam Pliska 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Adam
 Pliska 

/s/
 Guanzhou (Jerry) Qin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Guanzhou
 (Jerry) Qin 

/s/
 Yuanfei Qu 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Yuanfei
 Qu 

32 

ALLIED GAMING ENTERTAINMENT INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 - F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and
the related consolidated statement of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 24, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to November 2022. 

Melville, NY 
 May 26, 2022 

F- 3 

Allied
Gaming Entertainment Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Interest receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current
 assets 

Total Current Assets 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Digital assets 
 
 -

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 -

Other assets 
 
 -

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued expenses - related party 
 -

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability, current
 portion 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred rent 
 -

Operating lease liability, non-current
 portion 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 
 -

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Allied
Gaming Entertainment Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

In-person 

Multiplatform content 

Total Revenues 

Costs and Expenses: 

In-person
 (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 

Multiplatform
 content (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

Impairment of digital assets 
 
 -

Total Costs and Expenses 

Loss From Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Gain
 on forgiveness of PPP loans and interest 
 -

Other income, net 

Interest income (expense), net 

Total Other Expense 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued operations 
 -

Gain on sale of WPT 
 -

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 -

Net (loss) income 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss (Income) per Common Share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations, net of tax 
 - 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Allied Gaming 
Entertainment Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Net (Loss) Income 

Other
 comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Total Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Allied
Gaming Entertainment Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

For The Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 Accumulated Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2021 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation: 

Common stock issued 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Restricted shares issued 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Amortization of stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Amortization of restricted common stock 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for redemption of debt and accrued interest 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares withheld for employee payroll tax 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Restricted stock awards forfeited upon resignation of employee 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation: 

Restricted common stock 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares withheld for employee payroll tax 

-
 
 -

Repurchases of common stock 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax provision 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Shares withheld for employee payroll tax expense 
 -

Non-cash rent expense 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loans and interest 
 -

Digital currency received as revenue 
 
 -

Impairment of digital assets 
 
 -

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

Loss on equipment disposal 
 
 -

Expenses paid using digital assets 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Amortization of debt discount 
 -

Non-cash interest expense 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred rent 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Interest receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued interest 
 -

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Due to affiliates 
 -

Deferred revenue 

Total Adjustments 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Cash consideration for sale of WPT 
 -

Expenditures on software development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in digital assets 
 
 -

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Repayments of bridge loans 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 

Cash Flows From Discontinued Operations 

Operating activities 
 -

Investing activities 
 -

Change in cash balance of discontinued operations 
 -

Cash sold in connection with sale of WPT 
 -

Net Cash Provided By Discontinued Operations 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows, continued 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 

Net (Decrease) Increase In Cash, Cash Equivalents, And Restricted Cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - Beginning of Year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - End of Year 

Cash and restricted cash consisted of the following: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid during the year for interest 
 -

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Shares withheld for accrued employee payroll tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 ROU asset and lease liability, net of deferred rent, recognized upon adoption of ASC 842 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for redemption of debt and accrued interest 
 -

Forgiveness of amounts due to affiliate 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

of the capital stock of CSI. CSI owns of each of the legal
entities which comprise World Poker Tour. On July 12, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of the World Poker Tour business. As
a result of the Company s sale of WPT, the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December
31, 2021, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, present the results and accounts of World
Poker Tour as discontinued operations. See Note 3 Sale of WPT. 

million and , respectively. Accrued interest receivable on cash equivalents totaled 
and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and is included in current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

million of cash held in an escrow account to be utilized for various approved strategic initiatives and esports event programs
pursuant to an agreement with Brookfield Property Partners (See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies, Investment Agreements). 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and is included in current assets in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 10 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

- years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 - years 
 
 Production equipment 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Esports gaming truck 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Lessor of years or remaining lease term 

years. Intangible assets with indefinite
lives are not amortized but are evaluated at least annually for impairment and more often whenever changes in facts and circumstances
may indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

related to digital assets, and an impairment of related to property
and equipment, due to management s determination that the future cash flows from these assets are not expected to be sufficient
to recover their carrying value. No impairment costs on long-lived assets were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 11 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

and , respectively, which is included
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. See Note 7 Accrued Expenses
and Other Current Liabilities. 

-
 
 -

Sponsor warrants 
 -
 
 -

Short-term investments 
 -

-

Total 

Short-term investments 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -
 
 -

F- 12 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Change in fair value of sponsor warrants 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of sponsor warrants 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Remaining term in years 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Fair value of common stock 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement by examining taxing authorities. 

F- 13 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Options 

Warrants 

Equity purchase options 
 - 

Contingent consideration
 shares (1) 

Sponsorship revenue 

Food and beverage revenue 

Ticket and gaming revenue 

Merchandising revenue 

Other revenue 
 - 

Total in-person revenue 

F- 14 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

- 
 
 Distribution revenue 

Total multiplatform revenue 

of the sale price when an NFT is resold by its owner in a secondary market transaction. The Company recognizes this
royalty as revenue when the sale is consummated. 

-

Distribution revenue 

Food and beverage revenue 

Ticket and gaming revenue 

Merchandising revenue 

Other revenue 
 -

Total Revenues Recognized at a Point in Time 

Revenues Recognized Over a Period of Time: 

Event revenue 

Sponsorship revenue 

Total Revenues Recognized Over a Period of Time 

Total Revenues 

and , respectively, which are included in deferred revenue on the balance sheet. 

of performance obligations in connection
with contract liabilities included within deferred revenue on the prior year consolidated balance sheet have been satisfied. The Company
expects to satisfy the remaining performance obligations of related to its December 31, 2021 deferred revenue balance and 
related to its December 31, 2022 balance within the next twelve months. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no
revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods. 

F- 15 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

and , respectively, of the Company s revenues from continuing operations were from customers in foreign
countries. 

, , and of the Company s consolidated revenues from
continuing operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s three largest customers accounted for , ,
and of the Company s consolidated revenues from continuing operations. 

and , respectively, of the Company s accounts receivable. As of December
31, 2021, the Company s four largest customers represented , , and , respectively, of the Company s accounts
receivable. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), and revenue and expense accounts are
translated using the weighted average exchange rate in effect for the period and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively). Resulting translation adjustments are made directly to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

and 
arising from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recognized in operating results in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 17 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

F- 18 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

million and million and derecognizing
deferred rent in the approximate amount of million. 

million. This base purchase price was adjusted to reflect the amount of CSI s cash (less cash required to satisfy employee payment
obligations), indebtedness and accrued and unpaid transaction expenses as of the closing of the Sale Transaction. The WPT business has
been recast as discontinued operations, and the assets and liabilities of WPT are classified as assets and liabilities of discontinued
operations. See Note 1 Background and Nature of Operations. 

F- 19 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

of amounts due from affiliates,
which was recorded as an equity transaction on the stand-alone books of WPT and its affiliates and did not have an effect on the consolidated
financial statements. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of the WPT business in the amount of , as follows: 

Less: book value of assets sold 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Deferred production costs 

Net book value of assets sold 

Add: liabilities assumed by buyer 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred rent 

Total liabilities assumed 

Less: transaction expenses (2) 

Gain on sale of WPT 

of post-closing adjustments 

of legal and professional fees and of amounts reimbursed to the Company s principal stockholder. See Note 7 - Accrued Expense and Other Current Liabilities for additional details 

F- 20 

Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Operating costs and expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other income, net 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations before the sale of WPT 

Gain on sale of WPT 

Net income from discontinued operations, before tax 

Income tax 
 -

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax provision 

non-voting membership interest in Esports Arena, LLC ESA and ESA s wholly owned subsidiary. Because the Company
does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of ESA and because the investment
doesn t have a readily determinable market value, the Company elected to account for it using the adjusted cost method. During
the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded an additional impairment charge in the amount of , related to its investment
in ESA, in order to reduce the carrying value of the Company s investment in ESA to . Accordingly, there is related to the
Company s investment in ESA on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 21 

Allied
 Gaming Entertainment Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Computer equipment 

Esports gaming truck 

Furniture and fixtures 

Production equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded impairment expense of and related to its property and equipment. 

Amortization expense 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Weighted average remaining amortization period at December
 31, 2022 (in years) 

years. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, amortization expense amounted to and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

F- 22 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Current portion of deferred rent 
 -

Event costs 

Legal and professional fees 

Warrant liabilities 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued expenses, related party (1) 
 -

incurred in connection with the sale of WPT. See Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies, Principal Shareholder Matter for
additional details. 

shares of its common stock in full satisfaction of principal and interest in the aggregate amount of 
owed in connection with its Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the Senior Notes ). During years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded amortization of debt discount of and , respectfully, and recorded non-cash interest expense in the
amount and , respectfully, related to the Senior Notes. No balance remains outstanding in connection with the Senior Secured
Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

related to the Convertible Bridge Notes (of which was in connection
with the Convertible Bridge Note owed to the spouse of the Company s then CEO and Director). 

in full satisfaction of a Bridge Note Payable, such that the balance outstanding on the Bridge Note was 
as of December 31, 2021 (see Note 8 Convertible Debt and Convertible Debt, Related Party). The Company recorded interest expense
of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with the Bridge Note. See Note 3 - Sale
of WPT. 

. 

F- 23 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

State and local: 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Foreign 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Untaxed foreign jurisdictions 

Lower taxed foreign jurisdictions 

Change in deferred taxes 

Rate change impact 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Total 

F- 24 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Production costs 

Investment 

Stock-based compensation 

Capitalized start-up costs 

Accruals and other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

, and of federal, state and foreign net operating loss NOL carryforwards
available to offset against future taxable income. The federal NOL may be carried forward indefinitely. For state tax purposes, these
NOLs will begin to expire in 2038. For the foreign NOLs, these NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. The federal and state NOL carryovers
are subject to annual limitations under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code when there is a greater than ownership change,
as determined under the regulations. The Company is not aware that any annual limitations have been triggered. The Company remains subject
to the possibility that a future greater than ownership change could trigger annual limitations on the usage of NOLs. For federal
income tax purposes, the Company s future utilization of its NOLs may be limited to of taxable income as provided under Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 

The Company has not recognized any liability related to uncertain tax provisions as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

million expense reimbursement request from a principal shareholder. The principal shareholder alleged that former officers
of the Company verbally agreed to reimburse certain costs of the principal shareholder that were incurred in connection with specified
Company transactions. On April 6, 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the principal shareholder in which the Company
agreed to reimburse the principal shareholder an aggregate of million for the full and final settlement of any and all claims by
the principal shareholder. 

F- 25 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(approximately United States dollars) per month. The lease includes an option to extend
for an additional three -year term. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating leases 

- 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: amount representing imputed interest 

Present value of lease liability 

Less: current portion 

Lease liability, non-current portion 

shares of its common stock to BPR Cumulus LLC, an affiliate of Brookfield Property Partners Brookfield in exchange for (the Purchase Price pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the Brookfield Agreement ).
The Purchase Price was placed into escrow and is to be used by the Company or its subsidiaries to develop integrated esports experience
venues at mutually agreed upon shopping malls owned and/or operated by Brookfield or any of its affiliates (each, an Investor
Mall ), that will include a dedicated gaming space and production capabilities to attract and to activate esports and other emerging
live events (each, an Esports Venue ). To that end, half of the Purchase Price will be released from escrow to the Company
upon the execution of a written lease agreement between Brookfield and the Company for the first Esports Venue, and the other half will
be released to the Company upon the execution of a written lease agreement between Brookfield and the Company for the second Esports
Venue. The balance held in escrow as of December 31, 2022 is and is reflected in restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. As of the date of this document, no additional documents have been drafted or executed between the Company and Brookfield
as the parties have not had further discussions on moving forward with any leases since they were delayed during the pandemic. 

F- 26 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(gross) in severance pay payable over a twelve-month period,
accelerated vesting of unvested stock options previously granted to Mr. Ng pursuant to an Option Agreement dated effective November
21, 2019, and accelerated vesting of all unvested shares of restricted stock previously granted to Mr. Ng pursuant to an Executive Restricted
Stock Agreement dated August 7, 2020. 

, subject to certain cost-of-living adjustments. 

bonus and was granted shares of restricted common stock, subject to transfer and forfeiture
restrictions until the shares scheduled vesting on August 16, 2022, and ten-year stock options to purchase up to shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share that were scheduled to vest in four equal annual installments
commencing on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 

in severance payable over an 18-month period which was expensed immediately,
and accelerated vesting of unvested stock options and shares of restricted stock that were granted at the commencement
of Ms. Wu s employment. As no future substantive services will be performed by Ms. Wu, the Company recognized stock-based compensation
expense of and , respectively, related to the modification of these equity awards during the year ended December 31, 2022.
At December 31, 2022, of accrued expenses is included on the balance sheet, related to Ms. Wu s severance benefit. The
Release also contains a customary non-disparagement provision. 

outstanding options previously issued to each person
for their director services scheduled to vest on September 19, 2021 and extended the exercise period to exercise vested outstanding
options issued to each person to September 19, 2029. 

outstanding options previously issued to Mr. Ng for his director services scheduled to vest on September
19, 2021 and extended the exercise period to exercise vested outstanding options issued to Mr. Ng to September 19, 2029. 

The Company has the option to pay such amounts in cash or stock from the Company s incentive plan (valued at the
closing price of AGAE common stock on the trading day immediately prior to issuance), with the current fees payable in cash. The fees
are payable monthly by the Company. 

, accelerated the vesting of
 unvested stock options previously granted to Mr. Lewin pursuant to an option agreement dated effective , and extended
the exercise period of such options to May 6, 2031. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of related to
the modification of these awards during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 27 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares to shares. As of December 31, 2022 there were shares available
under the plan. 

shares of its common stock valued at for the redemption of of debt and accrued interest (See Note 8
- Convertible Debt and Convertible Debt, Related Party, Senior Secured Convertible Notes). 

shares of common stock from its 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan for their director services to the Company. The Company recognized stock-based compensation of in connection
with the issuance of these shares during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

million of its outstanding shares of common stock.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares at a cost of . As of December 31, 2022, approximately
 million of authorization remained available to repurchase common stock under this program. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

F- 28 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock to its directors. The shares vest in equal
annual installments over and have an exercise price of per share, which represents the Company s closing stock
price on the day prior to the date of grant. The options had an aggregate grant date fair value of and are being amortized into
expense over the vesting period. 

shares of common stock to Ms. Wu. The shares vest in equal
annual installments over and have an exercise price of per share, which represents the Company s closing stock
price on the day prior to the date of grant. The options had an aggregate grant date fair value of and are being amortized over
the vesting period. 

shares of common stock to several of its directors. The shares
vest in equal annual installments over and have an exercise price of per share, which represents the Company s
closing stock price on the day prior to the date of grant. The options had an aggregate grant date fair value of and are being
amortized into expense over the vesting period. 

, accelerated vesting of 
unvested stock options previously granted to Mr. Lewin pursuant to an Option Agreement dated effective May 6, 2021, and extended the
exercise period of such options to May 6, 2031. 

- 
 
 Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

per share. 

and , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options,
of which and , respectively, was included in (loss) income from discontinued operations before the sale of WPT on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related
to the stock options that will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

F- 29 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Vested 

Non-vested balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock of which and , respectively, was included in (loss) income from discontinued operations before the sale of WPT on the
accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock has
been recognized. 

shares of common stock valued at were withheld by the Company to cover employee payroll tax liabilities in connection
with the vesting of restricted stock vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

At the time of payment, the Company
may elect to pay the award in cash or in shares of common stock valued at the fair market value of our common stock on the
Vesting Date, or any combination thereof. The Company recorded a charge to stock-based compensation and a corresponding credit to accrued
compensation expense in the amount of for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing the full amortization of this award
because the Company doesn t expect the Former CEO to provide substantive services. All issuances of common stock will be issued
from the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. If payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Former
CEO pursuant to the agreement or otherwise Covered Payments constitute parachute payments within the meaning
of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code that would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code (collectively, the Excise Tax ), payments to be made under the agreement will be reduced to the minimum
extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax. 

shares of common stock at per share in connection with the issuance of Senior Secured
Convertible Notes (See Note 8 Convertible Debt and Convertible Debt, Related Party, Senior Secured Convertible Notes). 

F- 30 

Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. and
Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

up-front fee and a one-time technical upgrade service fee of . The license agreement provides AME with
an option to renew the agreement for an additional five years under identical terms and conditions and a priority to negotiate a perpetual
license following the five-year renewal period. 

F- 31 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_alliedgaming.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

EXHIBIT 4.5 

 Description of Registrant s Securities 

As March 24, 2023, Allied
Gaming Entertainment, Inc. has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) our Common Stock; and (2) Warrants. 

The following is a description
of our common stock, warrants, and certain material provisions of Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our
Bylaws, as amended. The following is only a summary and is qualified by applicable law, our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
and our Bylaws. Copies of our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws, as amended are included as exhibits to the Report
of which this Exhibit is a part. 

Common Stock 

Voting . The holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of common stock owned by that shareholder on every matter properly
submitted to the shareholders for their vote. Shareholders are not entitled to vote cumulatively for the election of directors. 

Dividend Rights . Subject
to the dividend rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
ratably such dividends and other distributions of cash or any other right or property as may be declared by our Board of Directors out
of our assets or funds legally available for such dividends or distributions. 

Liquidation Rights .
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, holders of our common stock would
be entitled to share ratably in our assets that are legally available for distribution to shareholders after payment of liabilities and
after the satisfaction of any liquidation preference owed to the holders of any preferred stock. 

Conversion, Redemption
and Preemptive Rights . Holders of our common stock have no conversion, redemption, preemptive, subscription or similar rights. 

Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any
time after September 9, 2019 until expiration. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current
registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to
such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our merger on August 9, 2019,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will
not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the
warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market
value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported
last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants
will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We may call the warrants for
redemption (excluding certain warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant. 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will
be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date,
a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for
our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise
price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share
price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the
warrants. 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below)
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common
stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. 

The warrants are in registered
form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding warrants (including
the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number
of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted
for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common
stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share
held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Under the terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle
the warrant exercise. 

2 

Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their
warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares
of common stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will
be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

We are subject to Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation
from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three years following the date
that the person became an interested stockholder, unless either the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our
Board of Directors, the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and stockholders in a prescribed manner or the interested
stockholder acquired at least 85 of our outstanding voting stock in the transaction in which it became an interested stockholder. A business
combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and
the sale of more than 10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning
15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person.
The restrictions contained in Section 203 are not applicable to any of our existing stockholders that will own 15 or more of our outstanding
voting stock upon the closing of this offering. 

Bylaws 

Certain provisions of our
corporate bylaws could have anti-takeover effects. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability
in the composition of our corporate policies formulated by our Board of Directors. In addition, these provisions also are intended to
ensure that our Board of Directors will have sufficient time to act in what our Board of Directors believes to be in the best interests
of our Company and our shareholders. Nevertheless, these provisions could delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors or the
assumption of control of us by the holder of a large block of common stock, and could also discourage or make more difficult a merger,
tender offer, or proxy contest, even if such event would be favorable to the interest of our shareholders. These provisions are summarized
below. 

Advance Notice Provisions
for Raising Business or Nominating Directors . Sections 2.2 and 3.3 of our Bylaws contain advance-notice provisions relating to the
ability of shareholders to raise business at a shareholder meeting and make nominations for directors to serve on our Board of Directors.
These advance-notice provisions generally require shareholders to raise business within a specified period of time prior to a meeting
in order for the business to be properly brought before the meeting. Similarly, our Bylaws prescribe the timing of submissions for nominations
to our Board of Directors and the certain of factual and background information respecting the nominee and the shareholder making the
nomination. 

Number of Directors and
Vacancies . Our Bylaws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by the Board. The bylaws also provide
that our Board has the right, except as may be provided in the terms of any series of preferred stock created by resolutions of the board,
to fill vacancies, including vacancies created by any decision of our Board to increase the number of directors comprising the board. 

Certificate of Incorporation Blank-Check Preferred Stock
Power 

Under our Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended, our Board has the authority to fix by resolution the terms and conditions of one or more series of preferred stock and provide
by resolution for the issuance of shares of such series. 

3 

We believe that the availability
of our preferred stock, in each case issuable in series, and additional shares of common stock could facilitate certain financings and
acquisitions and provide a means for meeting other corporate needs which might arise. The authorized shares of our preferred stock, as
well as authorized but unissued shares of common stock, will be available for issuance without further action by our shareholders, unless
shareholder action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which any series of our stock may then be listed,
or except as may be provided in the terms of any preferred stock created by resolution of our Board. 

These provisions give our
Board the power to approve the issuance of a series of preferred stock, or additional shares of common stock, that could, depending on
its terms, either impede or facilitate the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. For example, the issuance of
new shares of preferred stock might impede a business combination if the terms of those shares include voting rights which would enable
a holder to block business combinations or, alternatively, might facilitate a business combination if those shares have general voting
rights sufficient to cause an applicable percentage vote requirement to be satisfied. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol AGAE. Our warrants are traded on the OTC Market under the symbol AGAEW. 

4 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_alliedgaming.htm
 SUBSIDIARY

Exhibit 21.1 

Our corporate structure, including our principal
operating subsidiaries, is as follows: 

Name of subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 
 Allied Esports Media, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Allied Esports International, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 eSports Arena Las Vegas, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Allied Esports GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 Esports Arena, LLC (25 ownership interest) 
 
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_alliedgaming.htm
 CONSENT OF ZH CPA, LLC

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of 

 Allied Gaming Entertainment
Inc. 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-248696), and in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-239984 and 333-267849) of our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 , which are incorporated
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
also consent to the reference to us under the heading Experts in such Registration Statement. 

/s/ ZH CPA, LLC 

Denver, Colorado 

March 24, 2023 

1600 Broadway, Suite 1600, Denver, CO, 80202, USA. Phone: 1.303.386.7224
Fax: 1.303.386.7101 Email: admin@zhcpa.us 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-2_alliedgaming.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. formerly known as Allied Esports Entertainment Inc. on
Form S-3 File No. 333-248696) and in the Registration Statements of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos.
333-239984 and 333-267849) of our report with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Allied Esports Entertainment,
Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Allied Gaming Entertainment Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum LLP 

 Melville, NY 

 March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_alliedgaming.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Yinghua Chen, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc., 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/
 Yinghua Chen 

Yinghua Chen, 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_alliedgaming.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Roy L. Anderson, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/
 Roy L. Anderson 

Roy L. Anderson, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_alliedgaming.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the
 Report I, Yinghua Chen, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated: March
 24, 2023 

/s/
 Yinghua Chen 

Yinghua Chen, 

President and Chief Executive
 Officer 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_alliedgaming.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the
 Report I, Roy Anderson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated: March
 24, 2023 

/s/
 Roy L. Anderson 

Roy L. Anderson, 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aese-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aese-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aese-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aese-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aese-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

