<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1617553_0001617553-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11771193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>419811</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2139286</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3485373</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2961210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2589992</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001617553-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227172738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001617553-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZIPRECRUITER, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617553
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				272976158
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40406
		FILM NUMBER:		23676806

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		604 ARIZONA AVENUE
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-252-1062

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		604 ARIZONA AVENUE
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001617553-23-000007.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 zip-20221231.htm
 10-K

zip-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing price for the shares of the registrant s common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022). Shares of common stock held by each executive officer, director, and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The registrant had shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 5 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 Item 2. Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 45 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 113 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 113 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 114 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 114 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 114 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 114 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 114 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 114 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 115 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 119 
 Signatures 
 120 

3 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, estimate, potential, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, target, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, operating expenses including changes in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses (including any components of the foregoing), and our ability to achieve and/or maintain future profitability 
 effects of a variety of macroeconomic factors that affect our business, the employment market, and the economy in general, including inflationary pressures, a higher interest rate environment, increasing borrowing costs and the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth 
 our ability to compete with well-established competitors and new entrants; 
 our ability to enhance our marketplace and introduce new and improved offerings; 
 our ability to increase the number of employers and job seekers in our marketplace 
 our ability to strengthen our technology that underpins our marketplace; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to execute our strategy; 
 beliefs and objectives for future operations 
 the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations 
 our ability to expand to new markets; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property 
 our ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business 
 economic and industry trends, projected growth, or trend analysis; and 
 increased expenses associated with being a public company. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 As used herein, ZipRecruiter, the Company, we, us, our, and similar terms include ZipRecruiter, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors later in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our business is significantly affected by fluctuations in general economic conditions. There is risk that any economic recovery may be delayed, short-lived and/or uneven, and may not result in increased demand for our services. 
 Our marketplace functions on software that is highly technical and complex and if it fails to perform properly, our reputation could be adversely affected, our market share could decline and we could be subject to liability claims. 
 Our future success depends in part on employers purchasing and renewing or upgrading subscriptions and performance-based services from us. Any decline in our user renewals or upgrades or performance-based services could harm our future operating results. 
 We have experienced growth in recent periods and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Significant segments of the market for job advertisement services may have hiring needs and service preferences that are subject to greater volatility than the overall economy. 
 Our efforts and ability to sell to a broad mix of businesses could adversely affect our operating results in a given period. 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, including senior management and key personnel. If we lose the services of Ian Siegel, our Chief Executive Officer, or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 If internet search engines methodologies or other channels that we use to direct traffic to our website are modified to our disadvantage, or our search result page rankings decline for other reasons, our user growth could decline. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the ZipRecruiter brand. 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Market volatility may affect the value of an investment in our Class A common stock and could subject us to litigation. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to our listing, including our directors, executive officers, and 5 stockholders. This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 

Overview 
 The job market remains painfully inefficient. Job seekers are required to navigate on their own in order to find the right jobs to apply to, usually across multiple sites and without effective tools for monitoring new opportunities. Employers in turn are overwhelmed by the complexity of modern recruiting given the abundance of job boards, search engines, and social networks to source talent from. Neither side is an expert at their role. Neither side enjoys the process. 
 ZipRecruiter is a two-sided marketplace for work that simplifies the job market for both job seekers and employers. Unlike traditional online job sites, ZipRecruiter works like a matchmaker curating job opportunities for job seekers, and candidates for employers. 
 Our Mission. To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
 Creating Value for Job Seekers. For job seekers across all industries and levels of seniority, we operate like a dedicated recruiter. That means presenting strong fit job opportunities, proactively pitching potential candidates to employers and providing job seekers with updates on the status of their applications and guidance on how to get more attention from potential employers. This makes job seekers feel supported while searching for work. 
 Creating Value for Employers. For employers, we focus on building technology to rapidly deliver quality candidates to companies of all sizes and across all industries. Our algorithms alert strong-fit job seekers in our marketplace when a job is posted. We also present high quality candidates to employers whom we believe will be a Great Match for their jobs, and allow these employers to invite those candidates to apply. 
 Unique Data and Artificial Intelligence Provide Better Outcomes for Employers and Job Seekers. With a relevant data pipeline created from billions of interactions between job seekers and employers, we are uniquely positioned to harness that data to fuel the advanced artificial intelligence behind our matching, recommendation and marketplace optimization capabilities. Through our deep learning-based natural language processing, we understand job seekers and employers nuanced needs. We analyze clicks, applications, hiring signals and numerous other interactions to improve outcomes for all participants in our marketplace. Our advanced technology stack processes the data generated by our highly engaged user base to continuously improve our matching. 
 Accelerating Network Effects. Increasing the number of jobs in our marketplace attracts more job seekers. A greater number of job seekers attracts more employers who in turn post more job opportunities in our marketplace. These natural, self-perpetuating network effects increase our data and thereby accelerate the rate at which our matching technology gets smarter over time. 
 Compelling Financial Results. The combination of the scale on both sides of our marketplace, our efficient go-to-market strategy and intelligent use of technology has resulted in compelling financial results. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue was 904.6 million and we generated net income of 61.5 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 184.9 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our revenue was 741.1 million and we generated net income of 3.6 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 108.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, an explanation of our management s use of this measure, and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 What We Do 
 We enable work by connecting job seekers and employers in our marketplace. 
 
 How We Work for Employers 
 Our technology delivers high-quality matches to our employers immediately after a job goes live and provides tools to streamline the candidate selection process. 
 Quality Candidates Fast 
 Instant alerts to qualified potential candidates. When employers post a job, ZipRecruiter s matching technology immediately identifies and sends an alert to strong-fit job seekers in our marketplace. 
 Direct recruitment messages from the employer. Immediately after a job is posted, ZipRecruiter s matching technology presents the employer with a list of the best potential candidates in the market. The employer can then, with a single click, personally invite the most qualified potential candidates to apply. These recruitment messages directly from the employer drive the highest rated candidates ever delivered through ZipRecruiter. 
 Matching that learns. When an employer gives an applicant a thumbs up rating, our technology searches for other job seekers with similar profiles to that candidate and proactively encourages them to apply. Our matching will continue to improve over time as we collect more data and our technology applies the learnings embedded in the data. 
 Job distribution. Jobs posted on ZipRecruiter are distributed to well over 1,000 sites managed by our Job Distribution Partners. Job Distribution Partners are third-party sites who have a relationship with us and advertise jobs from our marketplace, and include job boards, newspaper classifieds, search engines, social networks, talent communities and resume services. The diversity and depth of our partner network enables employers to reach an especially broad job seeker audience. 
 Access to an expansive database of job seekers. We provide employers the ability to search through our database of job seekers who have broad skill sets and a range of experiences. 
 Efficient Candidate Vetting 
 All the applicants in one place. For employers who do not already have an established process to manage hiring, job applicants are captured inside the ZipRecruiter Applicant Tracking System, or ATS. Our ATS centralizes and simplifies the decision-making process. Inside this system, hiring teams can review, rate, manage the status of, and ultimately decide which candidate to hire. For employers already using certain third-party ATSs, we seamlessly populate candidates into their existing workflow. 
 Great Matches. Our technology labels candidates identified as a Great Match to help hiring managers avoid missing high quality candidates. 
 In-demand candidate alerts. We apply an Act Fast! label to notify employers when their candidates have received interest from other employers, encouraging them to reach out quickly. In a tight, competitive market for top-quality talent, these notifications prompt hiring managers to move quickly to avoid losing out on a potentially great hire. 
 Flexible Pricing 
 Flexible pricing based on customer needs . We provide a variety of pricing plans to best suit an employer s specific needs, including flat rate pricing on terms typically ranging from a day to a 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 year, as well as performance-based pricing for employers that run sophisticated recruitment marketing campaigns. 
 
 How We Work for Job Seekers 
 For job seekers, we make finding work easier. 
 Process Efficiency 
 Search millions of jobs in one place . ZipRecruiter provides job seekers with access to millions of jobs from all over the internet. Job seekers can filter this vast array of opportunities by using numerous criteria to find the handful of best potential matches on our website or in our mobile app. 
 Simple, one-click applications. On ZipRecruiter, job seekers create a profile and can then apply for certain opportunities with a single click. Our one-click application technology works across both our marketplace and certain Job Distribution Partners to remove barriers between a job seeker and their next opportunity. This is particularly useful for job seekers on mobile devices where a resume can t be easily created or uploaded. 
 Job application tracking. Job seekers typically apply to numerous opportunities throughout the course of their search. Our simple, user-friendly dashboard aggregates their application history so job seekers can track opportunities they have reviewed or applied to. 
 Personalized Recruiter Assistance 
 Phil, your personal (automated) recruiter . Our automated recruiter Phil welcomes job seekers to our marketplace and engages with them throughout their onboarding and job seeking journeys. Through Phil, job seekers are presented with curated opportunities for which they might be a Great Match. Phil provides positive, personalized messages to candidates, inviting them to apply for new open positions. Through repeated interaction throughout the ZipRecruiter job seeker experience, Phil learns about each job seeker and is able to deliver better matches and recommendations. 
 Pitched to employers as a potential candidate. After a new job is posted, ZipRecruiter s matching technology immediately presents strong-fit in-market job seekers to the employer for consideration. Employers can then directly invite the job seekers they like best to apply. Candidates receive inbound requests from interested employers before applying or even actively searching. While job seekers typically do not like the process of applying to jobs, the feeling of affirmation from being recruited to a particular job drives greater engagement. 
 Job alerts. ZipRecruiter delivers a digest of relevant new opportunities from across the web on a frequent basis, enabling job seekers to monitor the full breadth of our marketplace offerings. 
 Application updates. Our technology notifies job seekers when an employer either views their application or gives them a thumbs up rating. This addresses the #1 complaint we hear from job seekers: applying to a job and then hearing nothing back. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our Strengths 
 Our core competitive advantages that have been critical to our success include: 
 Large and unique set of jobs. Our technology brings jobs listed directly in our marketplace as well as those from our Job Acquisition Partners together. Job Acquisition Partners are third-party sites and ATSs who have a relationship with us and from whom we receive jobs for our marketplace. ZipRecruiter was the original source for millions of these jobs in 2022, which means a job seeker s search is incomplete unless they access our marketplace. 
 Engaged job seeker community. Over 42 million Active Job Seekers 1 engaged in the ZipRecruiter marketplace in 2022. Those job seekers come to us directly and through our network of sites managed by our Job Distribution Partners. 
 Powerful artificial intelligence powered technology . Our technology captures insights from billions of user interactions facilitated by our marketplace, driving meaningful increases in the quality of matches we can enable over time. We do this by leveraging our software to ingest and analyze candidate behavior, including resume data, searches, and certifications, to find the most relevant jobs for each candidate on the ZipRecruiter network. 
 Designed for simplicity and speed . We thrive on taking unnecessarily complex processes and simplifying them. This product design philosophy permeates our entire company. We focus on continually making ZipRecruiter faster and simpler for employers and job seekers to use. 
 Metrics-driven culture. We are a metrics and data-driven company. We are disciplined about setting quantitative operating goals and then finding innovative ways to achieve those goals. 
 Powerful network effects . The scale of matching activity in our marketplace provides us with a unique and growing data set consisting of billions of signals which help drive superior matching. More jobs, more job seekers and better matching technology over time create more high-velocity hiring activity in our marketplace, fueling a self-perpetuating cycle of network effects. 
 Our brand. Since our founding, we have invested to build the ZipRecruiter brand to over 80 aided brand awareness among U.S. employers and job seekers. 
 
 Our Competition 
 Hiring is a vast, competitive, and highly fragmented market. We compete in varying degrees with other online job sites including CareerBuilder, Craigslist, Glassdoor, Indeed, LinkedIn, Monster and hundreds of others. 
 
 Competition for Employers 
 Employers have a range of options when posting job opportunities. We compete to attract and retain employers to advertise their jobs in our marketplace. We compete for employers based on several factors including the pricing and features of our offerings, the speed of receiving great candidates, the size of our job seeker community, the simplicity of our user experience, and our trusted brand. We believe that our employers are able to cost-effectively attract the right job seekers in our marketplace compared to other online recruiting sites due to the combination of the strength of our job seeker community and our proven matching technology that continues to get smarter over time. 
 
 1 Active Job Seeker means a job seeker who, within a specified period, takes one or more of the following actions: (1) makes at least one visit to a ZipRecruiter-hosted site, (2) launches a ZipRecruiter job seeker iOS mobile application, or (3) opens a ZipRecruiter-hosted engagement email. For purposes of counting Active Job Seekers, we count only unique users who are registered with ZipRecruiter as job seekers and who have previously visited a ZipRecruiter-hosted site at least once. Activity by users not registered with ZipRecruiter, registered users who are logged out of their job seeker account, or users who have opened an email alert generated by sign-ups with a ZipRecruiter partner will not contribute toward the Active Job Seeker metric. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Competition for Job Seekers 
 Job seekers have a variety of choices when searching for their next great job opportunity. We compete for job seekers on many fronts, including our ability to surface unique and attractive jobs, our ability to simplify the search process, the transparent feedback job seekers receive on the status of their applications, and our trusted brand. Our marketplace is free to job seekers. We believe our offering to job seekers compares favorably to alternatives due to the combination of our large and unique pool of job opportunities, and the personalized job seeker experience facilitated by our AI-powered personal recruiter named Phil. 
 
 Our Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed over 1,400 individuals across the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Israel. We also engage independent contractors and consultants. We have efficiently operated and adapted as a remote and hybrid workforce since the beginning of 2020; however, we maintain office spaces for in-person work in Santa Monica, California, Palo Alto, California, Phoenix, Arizona, the United Kingdom, and Tel Aviv, Israel. Collectively, we view the team at ZipRecruiter as our greatest asset, and we take great pride in having been recognized by companies such as Comparably and Newsweek for various awards including Best Company Culture , Best Place to Work, and Newsweek s Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces to name a few. 
 Several aspects of how we operate our business have been critical to building our team: 
 We use ZipRecruiter . We utilize the power of the marketplace we have built to connect to our next great employees. 
 We foster an entrepreneurial culture of safety and innovation . We believe a safe, professional environment empowers people to take risks and be their best selves. Our employees are encouraged to champion great ideas, embrace innovative approaches and use data to advocate for their point of view. 
 We embrace diversity, equity inclusion, or DE I : We believe our company is strengthened by a culture that embraces diversity and inclusion. We create a safe space for all employees to feel heard, included and like they belong. Our employee-led and executive-sponsored Employee Resource Groups are highly active and create communities for employees to engage in. Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is aligned with our mission to actively connect people from all backgrounds to their next opportunity. 
 We reward high performance . We focus on attracting and retaining results-oriented employees who are passionate about our mission. We use a variety of compensation tools to recruit, retain and reward employees whose achievements exceed our high expectations. 
 We are committed to our employees career development . We invest in our people so that ZipRecruiter is not just a great place to work, but also a great place to advance and grow a rewarding career. Over 66 of our leadership positions are held by people who grew internally at ZipRecruiter, demonstrating our dedication to fostering a culture of professional growth and development. 

Our Technology 
 Our research and development efforts are focused on delivering great products through data driven systems, machine learning technology, and robust infrastructure to ensure that our marketplace is sophisticated, low latency, resilient, and available to our users at all times. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our research and development organization is built around small, cross-functional development teams. These development teams foster greater agility, which enables us to develop new, innovative product features as well as iterate quickly on new capabilities and optimizations. Our development teams design, build and continue to expand our ATS, mobile apps, data processing and analysis pipelines, marketplace functionality, search and matching, email and messaging, and third-party product integrations as well as the software infrastructure that supports best practices such as high frequency deployment, orchestrating containers, and leveraging open-source technologies. Our systems are currently operated entirely on cloud services. 
 We have engineers, product managers and data scientists all over the United States and in Tel Aviv, Israel. We intend to continue to invest in our technology capabilities as we further build out a category-defining marketplace for job seekers and employers. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to many varying laws and regulations in the United States, Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom and throughout the world, including those related to privacy, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, consumer protection, e-commerce, marketing, advertising, messaging, rights of publicity, health and safety, employment and labor, product liability, accessibility, competition, and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended in a manner that could harm or require us to change our current or future business and operations. In addition, it is possible that certain governments may seek to block or limit our products and services or otherwise impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of any or all of our products and services for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 
 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws 
 We are subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations relating to the privacy and security of consumer, customer and employee personal information. These laws often require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of data (such as personal data, special categories of personal data or health data), and/or impose specific requirements relating to the collection or processing of such data. 
 In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, the Department of Commerce, and various states continue to call for greater regulation of the collection of personal data, as well as restrictions for certain targeted advertising practices. Section 5(a) of the FTC Act empowers the agency to enforce against unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, and the FTC has used this authority extensively to hold businesses to fair and transparent privacy and security standards. Numerous states have also enacted or are proposing legislation to enact state-level data privacy laws and regulations governing the collection, use, and processing of state residents personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, came into force in California in 2020. The CCPA established a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours, created new privacy rights for consumers residing in the state, and required us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related costs and expenses. The California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020, or CPRA, which took effect January 1, 2023, further expanded the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements and rights for California consumers, and established a new regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. Comprehensive privacy legislation has also been enacted in four other states and imposes similar compliance obligations. These laws are the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021, or VCDPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act, or CPA, and Connecticut Data Privacy Act, or CTDPA, which will each go into effect on July 1, 2023, and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, or UCPA, which will go into effect on December 1, 2023. Each of these laws creates new privacy rights for consumers residing in those states and new obligations for businesses operating in those states, including obligations relating to data minimization, processing of sensitive information, and targeted advertising practices. In the United States, several data privacy proposals (including proposed comprehensive legislation) are pending before federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, which may impose additional obligations and restrictions. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 In Canada, the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, or PIPEDA, sets forth ten principles that are designed to protect the personal information of individuals in Canada, and places obligations on companies that process personal information. PIPEDA applies to organizations that collect, use or disclose personal information in the course of commercial activities, where such activities take place within a Canadian province that does not otherwise have substantially similar legislation. Alberta, British Columbia and Qu bec are the only provinces that have enacted comprehensive private sector privacy statutes that have each been deemed substantially similar to PIPEDA. As such, PIPEDA will not apply to commercial organizations operating within Alberta, British Columbia and Qu bec, although the data protection obligations throughout Canada are substantially the same. 
 In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR created a single legal framework in relation to the collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure and other use of data relating to an identifiable living individual that applies across all EU member states. However, the GDPR allows for derogations where EU member states can deviate from the requirements in their own legislation, including for example, introducing measures that apply in specific situations and implementing rules regarding legal basis of processing. It is therefore likely that we will need to comply with these local regulations in addition to the GDPR, where we operate or provide services in those EU member state jurisdictions. Local supervisory authorities are able to impose fines for non-compliance and have the power to carry out audits, require companies to cease or change processing, request information, and obtain access to premises. The GDPR created more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including, for example, granting new rights for data subjects as well as enhancing existing rights, requiring enhanced disclosures to data subjects about how personal data is processed (including information about the profiling of individuals and automated individual decision-making), records of processing activities, limiting retention periods of personal data, requiring mandatory data breach notification to data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, to the affected individuals), and requiring additional policies and procedures to comply with the accountability principle under the GDPR. 
 In the United Kingdom, the UK Data Protection Act 2018, is the UK s implementation of the GDPR, which also became effective on May 25, 2018. However, the UK left the EU on January 31, 2020 and entered a transition period, which ended on December 31, 2020. As a result of Brexit, we now have compliance obligations under the EU s GDPR and the UK s GDPR. The European Commission adopted a decision on the UK s adequacy under the GDPR in June 2021, meaning that most data can continue to flow from the European Economic Area, or EEA, to the UK without the need for additional safeguards. In 2023, the UK government may turn its focus back to data protection reform to make further modifications to the UK GDPR. 
 In any event, we are subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including laws relating to the transfer of personal data outside the EEA and the UK. Recent legal developments in the EEA and the UK have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal information from the EEA and the UK to third countries, especially the United States. For example, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or CJEU, invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (a mechanism for the transfer of personal information from the EEA to the United States). The CJEU also made clear that reliance on standard contractual clauses (another mechanism for the transfer of personal data outside the EEA) alone may not be sufficient in all circumstances. We currently rely on standard contractual clauses and these changes, coupled with additional enforcement on data transfers by EU data protection authorities, are therefore continuing to require us to review and update our current compliance approach (including review of new and existing data processors and subprocessors), and may result in additional compliance costs or the inability to transfer personal data outside of the EEA and/or the United Kingdom. For example, the UK s Information Commissioner s Office published new standard contractual clauses for cross-border transfers of UK personal data under the UK GDPR. This new documentation was mandatory for relevant data transfers 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 beginning September 21, 2022, and existing standard contractual clauses arrangements for UK data transfers entered into prior to that date must be migrated to the new documentation by March 21, 2024. 
 We are also subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. In the EU and the UK, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements in the digital advertising ecosystem. In addition, the current national laws that implement the e-Privacy Directive are highly likely to be replaced by an EU regulation known as the e-Privacy Regulation, which will significantly increase fines for non-compliance. The text of the e-Privacy Regulation is still under development, and recent EU regulatory guidance and court decisions have created uncertainty about the level to which such laws and regulations will be enforced, which may require us to review our compliance approach and increase compliance costs. Informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user s device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent, such as a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement to ensure separate consents are sought for each type of cookie or similar technology. 
 Similarly, other jurisdictions are instituting privacy and data security laws, rules, and regulations, or may do so in the future, which could increase our risk and compliance costs. 
 Seasonality 
 For a discussion of the seasonality of our business, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting our Performance Seasonality. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of trademarks and trade secrets, as well as contractual provisions and restrictions, to protect our intellectual property. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned three U.S. and 20 international trademark registrations for the mark ZIPRECRUITER. We also own one pending trademark application, and numerous domain names, including www.ziprecruiter.com. 
 We rely primarily on trade secrets and confidential information to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our trade secrets and confidential information through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements with employees, third parties, and others who may have access to our proprietary information. We also require employees to sign invention assignment agreements with respect to inventions arising from their employment, and strictly control access to our proprietary technology. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in 2010 as ZipRecruiter, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Our website address is www.ziprecruiter.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC, and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.ziprecruiter-investors.com/financials/sec-filings. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We also use our Investor Relations page on our website at www.ziprecruiter.com, press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, Twitter feed (@ZipRecruiter), Facebook page, and LinkedIn page as means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The information contained on, or that can 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 be accessed through, any website reference herein is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of such website addresses is as inactive textual references only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risk Related to Our Business 
 Operational Risks 
 We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We face intense competition from many well-established online job sites such as CareerBuilder, Craigslist, Glassdoor, Indeed, LinkedIn and Monster as well as from newer entrants such as Google or Facebook. Many of our existing and potential competitors are considerably larger or more established than we are and have larger workforces and more substantial marketing and financial resources. Price competition for job marketplaces such as ours is likely to remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share, subscriber base, revenue and/or profitability. 
 Many of our larger competitors have long-standing relationships or access to employers, including our Paid Employers 2 , as well as those whom we may wish to pursue. Some employers may be hesitant to use a new platform and prefer to upgrade products offered by these incumbent platforms for reasons that include price, quality, sophistication, familiarity, and global presence. These platforms could offer competing products on a standalone basis at a low price or bundled as part of a larger product sale. 
 Many of our competitors are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale, and support of their products and services. Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to enhance their product offerings or resources. If our competitors products, platforms, services or technologies maintain or achieve greater market acceptance than ours, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products, platforms or services are more technologically capable than ours, then our revenue could be adversely affected. Also, some of our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price. If we cannot optimize pricing, our operating results may be negatively affected. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 The number of employers distributing their job posting service purchases among a broader group of competitors may increase which may make it more difficult to retain or maintain our current share of 
 
 2 Paid Employer(s) means any employer(s) (or entities acting on behalf of an employer) on a paying subscription plan or performance marketing campaign for at least one day. Paid Employer(s) excludes employers from our Job Distribution Partners or other indirect channels, employers who are not actively searching for candidates, but otherwise have access to previously posted jobs, and employers on free trial. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 business with existing Paid Employers. We also face the risk that employers may decide to provide similar services internally or reduce or redirect their efforts to recruit job seekers through online job advertisements. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter increased competition in the future. 
 Our business is significantly affected by fluctuations in general economic conditions. There is risk that any economic recovery may be delayed, short-lived and/or uneven, and may not result in increased demand for our services. 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for labor and on the economic health of current and prospective employers and job seekers that use our marketplace. Demand for recruiting and hiring services is significantly affected by the general level of economic activity and employment in the United States and the other countries in which we operate. Any significant weakening of the economy in the United States or the global economy, increased unemployment, reduced credit availability, reduced business confidence and activity, decreased government spending, economic uncertainty, financial turmoil affecting the banking system or financial markets, trade wars and higher tariffs, changes in interest rates, inflation in the cost of goods and services including labor, and other adverse economic or market conditions may adversely impact our business and operating results. Significant swings in, or periods of reduced, economic activity historically have had a disproportionately negative impact on hiring activity and related efforts to find candidates. We may also experience more pricing pressure during periods of economic downturn. 
 Economic recoveries are difficult to predict, and may be delayed, short-lived, and/or uneven, with some regions, or countries within a region, continuing to experience declines or weakness in economic activity while others improve. Differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth or contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate may affect demand for our marketplace. We may not experience uniform, or any, increases in demand for our marketplace within the markets where our business is concentrated. 
 There has been volatility in financial markets as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, inflation, changes in interest rates, and the possibility of a U.S. and global recession. There is a risk that as a result of these macroeconomic factors, we could continue to experience declines in all, or in portions, of our business. Economic uncertainty may cause some of our current or potential employers to curtail spending in our marketplace and may ultimately result in cost challenges to our operations. Additionally, ongoing resurgences of COVID-19 as the virus transitions from pandemic to endemic and related precautionary measures instituted by governments, businesses, and individuals to mitigate its spread, including travel restrictions and quarantines, could continue to contribute to a general economic slowdown, adversely impact our employers, job seekers, and other business partners, and disrupt our operations. These adverse conditions could result in reductions in revenue, increased operating expenses, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased competition. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or any subsequent recovery generally. There is also risk that when overall global economic conditions are positive, our business could be negatively impacted by decreased demand for job postings and our services. If general economic conditions significantly deviate from present levels, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Substantially all of our revenue is generated by our business operations in the United States. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States had largely experienced positive economic and employment trends since our founding in 2010 and therefore we do not have a significant operating history in periods of weak economic environments and cannot predict how our business will perform in such periods. Any significant economic downturn in the United States or other countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our marketplace functions on software that is highly technical and complex and if it fails to perform properly, our reputation could be adversely affected, our market share could decline and we could be subject to liability claims. 
 Our marketplace functions on software that is highly technical and complex and may now or in the future contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code may be discovered only after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period of time, or difficulty maintaining and improving the performance of our marketplace could result in damage to our reputation or brand, loss of employers and job seekers, loss of revenue, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 As the usage of our marketplace grows, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to operate our marketplace. If we cannot continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, it may adversely affect our user experience. We also rely on third-party software and infrastructure, including the infrastructure of the internet, to provide our marketplace. Any failure of or disruption to this software and infrastructure, whether intentional or malicious in nature or due to our activities or those of our vendors, could also make our marketplace unavailable to our users. If our marketplace is unavailable to our subscribers or job seekers for any period of time, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our marketplace technology is constantly changing with new updates, which may contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. Any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance or stability problems with our marketplace, or the insufficiency of our efforts to adequately prevent or timely remedy errors or defects, could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our marketplace, loss of competitive position, our inability to timely and accurately maintain our financial records, inaccurate or delayed invoicing of Paid Employers, delay of payment to us, claims by users for losses sustained by them, corrective action taken by gatekeepers of components integral to our marketplace, or investigation and corrective action taken by a regulatory agency. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for user relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources to help resolve the issue. Accordingly, any errors, defects, or disruptions in our marketplace could adversely impact our brand and reputation, revenue, and operating results. 
 Because of the large amount of data that our Paid Employers collect and manage by means of our services, it is possible that failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption, or cause the information that we or our Paid Employers collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our Paid Employers regard as significant. Furthermore, the availability or performance of our marketplace could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including users inability to access the internet or to send or receive email messages, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or variability in user traffic for our services. We may be required to issue credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused services or otherwise be liable to our users for damages they may incur resulting from certain of these events. In addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions in the availability of our marketplace, our reputation could be adversely affected and we could lose employers and job seekers. 
 Our errors and omissions insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. 
 Our future success depends in part on employers purchasing and renewing or upgrading subscriptions and performance-based services from us. Any decline in our user renewals or upgrades or performance-based services could harm our future operating results. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Many of our Paid Employers pay for access to our marketplace on a per-job-per-day basis, rather than entering into new longer term paid time-based job posting plans, renewing their paid time-based job posting plans when such contract terms expire, or purchasing performance-based services from us. Employers who enter into paid plans have no obligation to renew their plans after the expiration of their contract period, which typically range from one day to 12 months. In addition, employers may renew for lower subscription amounts or for shorter contract lengths. Historically, some of our Paid Employers have elected not to renew their agreements with us and as we expand into new products and markets, we have a limited ability to reliably predict future renewal rates. Our future renewal rates for both existing and potential new products may be lower, possibly significantly lower, than historical trends. 
 Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell upsell services to employers who use our marketplace. If employers do not purchase upsell services from us, our revenue may decline and our operating results may be harmed. 
 Our Paid Employer subscription renewals, performance-based services, and upsells may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including user usage, user satisfaction with our services and user support, our prices, the prices of competing services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our user base, the effects of U.S. and global economic conditions, or reductions in our Paid Employers spending levels generally. 
 We have experienced growth in recent periods and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced growth in a relatively short period of time. For example, our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 904.6 million, representing an increase of 22 over the 741.1 million in total revenue we recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Over time, we expect to expand our operations and personnel significantly. Sustaining our growth will place significant demands on our management as well as on our administrative, operational, and financial resources. To manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management information systems expand, motivate, and effectively manage and train our workforce and effectively collaborate with our third-party partners. If we cannot manage our growth successfully, our business, operating results, financial condition, and ability to successfully advertise our marketplace and serve our employers and job seekers could be adversely affected. 
 Our historical growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks, challenges, and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks, challenges, and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our financial condition and operating results could differ materially from our expectations, our growth rates may slow, and our business would be adversely impacted. 
 Significant segments of the market for job advertisement services may have hiring needs and service preferences that are subject to greater volatility than the overall economy. 
 The employers in the United States private sector are diverse across a number of business characteristics, including company size, geography, and industry, among other factors. Hiring activity may vary significantly among businesses with different characteristics and accordingly, any concentration we may have among businesses with certain characteristics may subject us to high volatility in our financial results. Smaller businesses, for example, typically have less persistent hiring needs and may experience greater volatility in their need for job advertisement services and preferences among providers of such services. Along with a relatively shorter sales cycle, smaller businesses may be more likely to change platforms based on short-term differences in perceived price, value, service level, or other factors. Difficulty in acquiring and/or retaining these employers may adversely affect our operating results. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our efforts and ability to sell to a broad mix of businesses could adversely affect our operating results in a given period. 
 Our ability to increase revenue and maintain profitability depends, in part, on widespread acceptance and utilization of our marketplace by businesses of all sizes and types. Because our customers reflect a wide variety of businesses, we face a variety of challenges, including but not limited to, pricing pressure, cost variances and marketing strategies that vary based on the business type and size, varying lengths of sales cycles, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. For example, some of our larger prospective customers may need us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our marketplace and services, because the prospective customer s decision to use our marketplace and services may be a company-wide decision. We are in the nascent stages of developing the analytical tools that will allow us to determine how prospective customers can be most effectively directed within, and addressed by, our sales organizations. As a result, we may not always approach new opportunities in the most cost-effective manner or with the most appropriate resources. Developing and successfully implementing these tools will be important as we seek to efficiently capitalize on new and expanding market opportunities. In addition, because we are a relatively new company with a limited operating history when compared to some of our existing competitors, our target employers and job seekers may prefer to use offerings from more established competitors that are more tailored to their specific requirements. 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, including senior management and key personnel. If we lose the services of Ian Siegel, our Chief Executive Officer, or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy. 
 Our future success depends in large part on the continued services of our senior management and other key personnel and our ability to retain and motivate them. In particular, we are dependent on the services of Ian Siegel, our Chief Executive Officer, and our technology, marketplace, future vision, and strategic direction could be compromised if he were to take another position, become ill or incapacitated, or otherwise become unable to serve as our Chief Executive Officer. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of marketing, sales, finance, support, product development, human resources, and technology. Our senior management and other key personnel are all employed on an at-will basis, which means that they could terminate their employment with us at any time, for any reason, and without notice. If we lose the services of senior management or other key personnel, or if we cannot attract, train, and retain the highly skilled personnel we need, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to attract, train, and retain highly skilled personnel, including software engineers and sales personnel. We face intense competition for qualified personnel from numerous software and other technology companies. This competition for highly skilled personnel is especially intense in the regions where we have significant operations, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. In addition, in a tight labor market, we may experience increased difficulty in hiring and retaining, or increased costs in attracting and retaining, highly skilled personnel, or we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies at a greater rate. To the extent we move into new geographies, we would need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those areas. Moreover, uncertainty arising from economy-wide shifts toward remote work could negatively impact our ability to recruit or retain talent, particularly in light of our workforce historically being concentrated largely in the Los Angeles and Phoenix metropolitan areas. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity or equity awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to retain highly skilled employees. If we cannot attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements, on a timely basis or at all, our business may be adversely affected. 
 If internet search engines methodologies or other channels that we use to direct traffic to our website are modified to our disadvantage, or our search result page rankings decline for other reasons, our user growth could decline. 
 We depend in part on various internet search engines, such as Google, as well as other channels to direct a significant amount of traffic to our website. Our ability to maintain the number of visitors directed to our website is not entirely within our control. For example, our competitors search engine optimization and other efforts such as paid search may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than ours, internet search engines or other channels that we utilize to direct traffic to our website could revise their methodologies in a manner that adversely impacts traffic to our website, or we may make changes to our website that adversely impact our search engine optimization rankings and traffic. As a result, links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive sufficient traffic to our website, and we may not be able to influence the results. 
 Search engines and other channels that we use to drive employers and job seekers to our website periodically change their algorithms, policies, and technologies, sometimes in ways that cause traffic to our website to decline. These changes can also result in an interruption in their ability to access our website or a drop in our search ranking, or have other adverse impacts that negatively affect our ability to maintain and grow the number of employers and job seekers that visit our website. We may also be forced to significantly increase marketing expenditures in the event that market prices for online advertising and paid listings escalate or our organic ranking decreases. Any of these changes could have an adverse impact on our business, user acquisition, and operating results. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our quarterly results of operations, including the levels of our revenue, gross margin, and profitability, may vary significantly in the future and period to period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. We also have a limited operating history and make pricing and other changes from time to time, all of which make it difficult to forecast our future results. As a result, you should not rely upon our past quarterly operating results as indicators of future performance. 
 Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results include, without limitation, those listed below: 
 our ability to attract new employers and job seekers; 
 Paid Employer renewal rates; 
 Paid Employers purchasing upsell services; 
 the addition or loss of large Paid Employers, including through acquisitions or consolidations; 
 the timing of recognition of revenue; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 network outages or security breaches; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 seasonal variations in sales of our products, which have historically been most pronounced in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year; 
 the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors or strategic partners; and 
 the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the ZipRecruiter brand. 
 We believe that our brand is important to attracting and retaining both employers and job seekers. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our brand depends largely on the success of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide a compelling job marketplace, including services, features, content, and support related to our marketplace, and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use the ZipRecruiter mark, our logo, and other trademarks important to our brand. We believe that the importance of our brand will increase as competition further intensifies and brand promotion activities may require substantial expenditures. Our brand could be harmed if we cannot achieve these objectives or if our public image were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Unfavorable publicity about us could diminish confidence in our marketplace and services. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the volume, engagement and loyalty of our employers and job seekers and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, and new products, services, and features, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The market for job-posting marketplaces is characterized by frequent product and service introductions and enhancements, changing user demands, and rapid technological change. The introduction of products and services embodying new technologies can quickly make existing products and services obsolete and unmarketable. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively and timely to these changes. We invest substantial resources in researching and developing new products and services and enhancing our marketplace by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our employers and job seekers evolving demands in our highly competitive industry. If we cannot provide enhancements and new features or services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and the competitive landscape, our business could be adversely affected. The success of any enhancements or improvements to, or new features of, our marketplace or any new products and services depends on several factors, including timely completion, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with new and existing technologies in our marketplace and third-party partners technologies, overall market acceptance, and resulting user activity that is consistent with the intent of such products or services. We cannot be sure that we will succeed, either timely or cost effectively, in developing, marketing, and delivering enhancements or new features, products and services to our marketplace that respond to continued changes in the market for job placement services, nor can we be sure that any enhancements or new features to our existing or any new products and services will achieve market acceptance or produce the intended effect. In addition, if new technologies emerge that allow our competitors to deliver similar services at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely, such technologies could adversely impact our ability to compete. 
 Additionally, because our marketplace operates on a variety of third-party systems and platforms, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our offerings to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware, operating systems, cloud computing infrastructure, and other software, communication, browser and open source technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 technologies, could increase our research and development expenses. Parts of the technology stack supporting our marketplace may also become difficult to maintain and service as there become fewer software engineers who are skilled with respect to the programming languages used to build such pieces of software. Any failure of our marketplace to operate effectively with future network systems and technologies could reduce the demand for our marketplace, result in user dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business. 
 Issues with the use of artificial intelligence (including machine learning) in our marketplace may result in reputational harm or liability, or could otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Artificial intelligence, or AI, is enabled by or integrated into some of our marketplace and is a significant element of our business. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems or elsewhere could impair the acceptance of AI solutions and could result in burdensome new regulations that may limit our ability to use existing or new AI technologies. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subject to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues. If we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their purported or real impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm. In addition, we expect that there will continue to be new laws or regulations concerning the use of AI. It is possible that certain governments may seek to regulate, limit, or block the use of AI in our products and services or otherwise impose other restrictions that may affect or impair the usability or efficiency of our products and services for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 
 The forecasts of growth of online recruitment may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, we cannot assure you that our business will grow at a similar rate, if at all. 
 Growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not ultimately be accurate and are not under our control. The forecasts relating to the expected growth of the online recruitment market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market experiences the growth we forecast, we may not grow our business at a similar rate, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 The growth of our marketplace depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with our Job Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners. 
 To grow our business and the number of job seekers and employers in our marketplace, we anticipate that we will continue to depend, in part, on relationships with Job Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners. Job Distribution Partners are third-party sites who have a relationship with us and advertise jobs from our marketplace, and includes job boards, newspaper classifieds, search engines, social networks, talent communities and resume services, while Job Acquisition Partners are third-party sites and ATSs who have a relationship with us and from whom we receive jobs for our marketplace. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to these job boards and other similar third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce engagement with our marketplace. In addition, acquisitions of the Job Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners that we partner with by our competitors could reduce the number of our current and potential employers and job seekers as well as the number of job postings accessible by our marketplace. We cannot guarantee that the Job Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners with which we have strategic relationships will continue to offer the services for which we rely on them, devote the resources necessary to expand our reach, or support an increased number of employers and job seekers and associated use cases. Further, some of our Job 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners offer, or could offer, competing products and services or also work with our competitors. They may also choose to develop alternative products and services in addition to, or in lieu of, our marketplace, either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors. 
 While these relationships have not generated substantial revenue in recent periods and are not expected to generate substantial revenue in the future, they are strategically important in ensuring an appropriate balance of and interaction between jobs and job seekers in our marketplace. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with our Job Distribution Partners and Job Acquisition Partners, or if such Job Distribution Partners or Job Acquisition Partners choose to end their relationships with us, our ability to compete with our competitors and grow our marketplace could be impaired and our operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity, and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe that our corporate culture has been a key contributor to our success. If we do not continue to develop our corporate culture as we grow and evolve, it could harm our ability to foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork we believe that we need to support our growth. As our organization grows and we are required to implement more complex organizational structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively impact our future success. 
 Additionally, our hybrid working environment may impede our ability to foster a creative environment and adversely affect the productivity of our team members and overall operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. While we continue to expend resources to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic, including to develop and implement internal policies and procedures and track changes in laws, our return-to-work approach may change at any time, and may vary among geographies, depending on applicable health protocols and local conditions. Any prolonged diversion of resources may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Technological advances may significantly disrupt the labor market and weaken demand for human capital at a rapid rate. 
 Our success is directly dependent on our employers demands for talent. As technology continues to evolve, more tasks currently performed by people may be replaced by automation, robotics, machine learning, AI and other technological advances outside of our control. This trend poses a risk to the job posting and distribution industry as a whole, particularly in lower-skill job categories that may be more susceptible to such replacement. 
 Our business is seasonal. 
 Our business is seasonal, reflecting typical behavior in hiring markets, where hiring activity tends to decelerate in the fourth quarter. Such seasonality also causes our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter depending on the variability in the overall job market. This seasonality can make forecasting more difficult and may adversely affect our ability to predict financial results accurately. 
 We track certain performance metrics with internal tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain of our performance metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We track certain performance metrics, including Quarterly Paid Employers and Revenue per Paid Employer, which are not independently verified by any third party. Our internal tools have a number of limitations and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we report. If the internal tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data (or the data that we measure) may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. If our performance metrics are not accurate representations of our business, user base, or traffic levels if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or if the metrics we rely on to track our performance do not provide an accurate measurement of our business, our reputation may be harmed, we may be subject to legal or regulatory actions, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from job advertisements. 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from sales of products and services related to the distribution of job advertisements to job seekers across the internet. As such, any factor adversely affecting the sale of these products and services, including market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, intellectual property claims, legal or regulatory restrictions, and economic and market conditions, could harm our business and operating results. 
 Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our user base and achieve broader market acceptance of our services. 
 Our ability to increase our Paid Employer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our marketplace will depend significantly on our ability to continue to expand our sales and marketing operations. We plan to continue to expand our sales force and to dedicate significant and increasing resources to sales and marketing programs. We are expanding our sales and marketing capabilities to target additional potential Paid Employers, including some larger organizations, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful attracting and maintaining these businesses as users, and even if we are successful, these efforts may divert our resources away from and negatively impact our ability to attract and maintain our current Paid Employer base. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. If we cannot find efficient ways to deploy our marketing spend or to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel in numbers required to maintain and support our growth, if our new sales personnel cannot achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to increase our Paid Employer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our services could be harmed. 
 Paid Employers may demand more configuration and integration services, or customized features and functions that we do not offer, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our current and future Paid Employers may demand more configuration and integration services, which would increase our upfront investment in sales and deployment efforts, with no guarantee that these Paid Employers will increase their use of our services. As a result of these factors, we may need to devote a significant amount of sales support and professional services resources to individual Paid Employers, which may increase the cost and time required to complete sales. If prospective Paid Employers require customized features or functions that we do not offer, and that would be difficult for them to deploy themselves, then the market for our marketplace will be more limited and our business could suffer. As a result, we may need to devote resources to continue to develop features and technology which may impact our operating results. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our Paid Employers and our financial results. 
 Once our products and services are deployed, our Paid Employers depend on our technical support organization to assist Paid Employers with service support and optimization, and resolve technical issues. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 changes in support services provided by our competitors. Increased demand for these services, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our services and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing Paid Employers. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our services to existing and prospective Paid Employers, and our business, operating results and financial position. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past, anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and may not sustain profitability. 
 While we earned net income of 61.5 million, 3.6 million, and 86.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, we have incurred significant net losses in the past. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 6.3 million. We expect to incur additional expenses in connection with legal, accounting, and other administrative expenses related to operating as a public company in addition to ongoing stock-based compensation expense related to the vesting of our RSUs. Additionally, we expect to make significant future expenditures related to the development and expansion of our business, including investing in our technology to improve our marketplace and investing in sales and marketing channels to enhance our brand promotion efforts. These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. If our revenue declines or fails to grow at a rate faster than increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to maintain profitability in future periods. As a result, we may generate losses. We cannot ensure that we will continue to achieve profitability in the future or that we can sustain profitability. 
 We rely on Amazon Web Services, or AWS, to host our marketplace, and any disruption of service from AWS or material change to our arrangement with AWS could adversely affect our business. 
 We currently host our marketplace and support most of our operations using AWS, a provider of cloud infrastructure services. We do not control the operations of AWS s facilities. AWS s facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and similar events or could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, and other misconduct. The occurrence of any of these events, a decision to close the facilities or cease or limit providing services to us without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems could result in interruptions to our marketplace, which may be lengthy. Our marketplace s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success and employers and job seekers may become dissatisfied by service interruption. Sustained or repeated system failures could reduce the attractiveness of our marketplace to employers and job seekers, cause employers and job seekers to decrease their use of or stop using our marketplace, and adversely affect our business. Moreover, negative publicity from disruptions could damage our reputation. 
 AWS does not have an obligation to renew its agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot renew our agreement or are unable to renew on commercially reasonable terms, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure or other data center. If these providers charge high costs for or increase the cost of their services, we will experience higher costs to operate our business and may have to increase the fees to use our marketplace and our operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 Upon expiration or termination of our agreement with AWS, we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete. Switching our operations from AWS to another cloud or other data center provider would also be technically difficult, expensive, and time consuming. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Many people are using mobile devices to access the internet. If we cannot optimize our websites for mobile access or offer a compelling mobile app, we may not remain competitive and could lose employers and job seekers. 
 Many employers and job seekers access our marketplace through our mobile website and mobile app. We must ensure that the experience for our mobile offerings is optimized to ensure a positive experience. It requires us to develop and enhance our offerings to be specifically designed for mobile devices, such as social media job postings. If we cannot optimize our websites and apps cost effectively and improve the monetization capabilities of our mobile services, we may not remain competitive, which may negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 Additionally, there is no guarantee that employers and job seekers will use our mobile apps rather than competing marketplaces. We are dependent on the interoperability of our mobile apps with popular third-party mobile operating systems such as Apple's iOS and Google's Android, and their placement in popular app stores like the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, and any changes in such systems that degrade our apps functionality or give preferential treatment or app store placement to competitive apps could adversely affect the access and usage of our apps on mobile devices. If it is more difficult for employers and job seekers to access and use our apps on their mobile devices, our growth and engagement levels could be harmed. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 If we or our third-party partners experience a security breach, such as a hacking or phishing attack, or other data privacy or security incident, our marketplace may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our marketplace may be reduced, our operations may be disrupted, we may incur significant legal costs or liabilities, and our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our business involves the storage, processing, and transmission of proprietary, confidential, and personal information as well as the use of third-party partners and vendors who also store, process, and transmit such user information. We also maintain certain other proprietary and confidential information relating to our business and personal information of our personnel. We have previously experienced multiple data security incidents involving the unauthorized access to personal information of job seekers utilizing our services (including their resumes) as well as affecting our business clients accounts, some of which have required us to notify affected individuals and/or regulators. Although upon detection of these security incidents we immediately investigate them and have taken steps to reinforce our security practices and enhance our security monitoring and controls, there are no assurances that other data security incidents will not occur in the future. These incidents and any future data security breach, such as a hacking or phishing attack, or other data privacy or security incident, whether intentionally or unintentionally caused by us or by third parties, that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of, or unauthorized acquisition of our, our personnel s, or our users data the loss, corruption, or alteration of this data interruptions in our operations or damage to our computers or systems or those of our users. Any of these could expose us to claims, litigation, fines, other potential liability, and reputational harm. 
 An increasing number of online services have also disclosed security breaches, some of which involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, and as our profile and name recognition increase, we may be targeted more frequently. Additionally, malware, viruses, social engineering (including business email compromise), and general hacking in our industry have become more prevalent and more complex. Further, due to the recent shift to remote and hybrid work, there is an increased risk that we may experience cybersecurity related incidents, including breaches of information systems security, as a result of our employees, service providers, and third parties working remotely on less secure systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not foreseeable or recognized until launched against a target, we and our third-party partners and vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our or our third-party partners or vendors security or privacy or other data privacy or security incident occurs, public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and brand could be harmed, and we could lose users and business. 
 Data security breaches and other data privacy and security incidents may also result from non-technical means, for example, through human error. Any such security compromise could result in a violation of applicable data privacy, security, breach notification and other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, litigation, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against, and to address issues created by, security breaches and other privacy and security incidents. These liabilities may exceed the amounts covered by our insurance or our insurance coverage may not extend to or be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, or our insurance may not continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Any such compromise could also result in damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures. Our systems, and the systems of our vendors and third-party partners, may also be vulnerable to computer viruses and other malicious software, physical or electronic break-ins, or weakness resulting from intentional or unintentional service provider actions, and similar disruptions that could make all or portions of our website or applications unavailable for periods of time. Any of these effects could adversely impact our business. 
 We face payment and fraud risks that could adversely impact our business. 
 Requirements in our marketplace relating to user authentication and fraud detection are complex. If our user authentication and fraud detection measures are not effective, our marketplace may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, and our business may be adversely impacted. In addition, bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized or fraudulent use of another s identity, payment information, or other information misrepresentation of the user s identity or skills, including using accounts that they have purchased, sold, or leased and acquisition or use of credit or debit card details and bank account information. This conduct in our marketplace could result in any of the following, each of which could adversely impact our business: 
 bad actors may use our marketplace, including our payment processing and disbursement methods, to engage in unlawful or fraudulent conduct, such as identity theft, money laundering, terrorist financing, fraudulent sale of services, bribery, breaches of security, leakage of data, piracy or misuse of software and other copyrighted or trademarked content, and other misconduct 
 we may be held liable for the unauthorized use of an account holder s credit card or bank account number and required by card issuers or banks to return the funds at issue and pay a chargeback or return fee, and if our chargeback or return rate becomes excessive, credit card networks may also require us to pay fines or other fees and the California Department of Business Oversight may require us to hold cash reserves 
 we may be subject to additional risk and liability exposure, including for negligence, fraud, or other claims, if employees or third-party service providers fraudulently misappropriate our banking or other information or user information 
 employers and job seekers that are subjected or exposed to the unlawful or improper conduct of other employers and job seekers or other third parties, or law enforcement or administrative agencies, may seek to hold us responsible for the conduct of employers and job seekers, lose confidence in our marketplace, decrease or cease use of our marketplace, seek to obtain damages and costs, or impose fines and penalties 
 we may be subject to additional risk if employers in our marketplace cannot pay hired job seekers for services rendered, as such job seekers may seek to hold us responsible for the employers 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 conduct and may lose confidence in our marketplace, decrease or cease use of our marketplace, or seek to obtain damages and costs and 
 we may suffer reputational damage as a result of the occurrence of any of the above. 
 Despite measures we have taken to detect, prevent, and mitigate these risks, we do not have control over the employers and job seekers in our marketplace and cannot ensure that any of our measures will stop or minimize the use of our marketplace for, or to further, illegal or improper purposes. We may receive complaints from employers, job seekers and other third parties concerning misuse of our marketplace and wrongful conduct of other employers and job seekers. We may also bring claims against employers and job seekers and other third parties for their misuse of our marketplace in the future. Even if these claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the attention and resources of our management and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to data privacy or the protection, collection, storage, processing, transfer, or use of personal data, or AI, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or our privacy policies, could adversely affect our business. 
 We receive, collect, store, process, transfer, and use personal information and other user data. There are numerous federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection, AI (including machine learning) information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other content. The scope of these laws and regulations is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries, or conflict with other laws and regulations. 
 We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, AI, and information security. The regulatory framework for privacy and data protection worldwide is uncertain and complex, and these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in ways we do not anticipate or that are inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Further, any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of the data of our employers and job seekers, employees, contractors, or others, or their interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of employers and job seekers for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our services and features, which may be material or not cost-effective, and may limit our storage and processing of user data or develop new services and features. 
 We also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions. For example, in 2018, European legislators adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, which imposes more stringent European Union, or EU, data protection requirements, and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Compliance with the GDPR has been and will continue to be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and may subject us to governmental investigations or enforcement actions, fines and penalties, claims, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with any European activities. Further, the United Kingdom, or the UK, has enacted the UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, or DPA, retains the GDPR in UK national law. Fines for certain breaches of the GDPR and the UK data protection regime are significant (e.g., fines for certain breaches of the GDPR or the UK GDPR are up to the greater of 20 million Euros (or 17.5 million GBP under the UK GDPR) or 4 of total global annual turnover). 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which afforded new data privacy rights for consumers and new operational requirements for companies, came into force in 2020, and also provides for fines for noncompliance. The California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020, or CPRA, which took effect on January 1, 2023, further expanded the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements and rights for California consumers, and established a new regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. Comprehensive privacy legislation has also been enacted in four other U.S. states and imposes similar compliance obligations. These laws are the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021, or CDPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act, or CPA, and Connecticut Data Privacy Act, or CTDPA, which will each go into effect on July 1, 2023, and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, or UCPA, which will go into effect on December 1, 2023. In the United States, several data privacy proposals (including proposed comprehensive legislation) are pending before federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, which may impose significant obligations and restrictions. The effects of the CPRA, the VCDPA, the CPA, the CTDPA and the UCPA are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply, and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. In addition, New York City passed a law to regulate the use of automated employment decision tools by employers and employment agencies, and the scope of the law is currently being determined through rulemaking. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the GDPR, the UK GDPR, the DPA, the CCPA, and others may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. As a result, we may need to modify the way we treat, process, or store such information. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to employers and job seekers, employees, contractors, or other third parties, or any other legal obligations or regulatory requirements relating to privacy, data protection, AI, or information security may result in governmental and regulatory investigations or enforcement and/or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit), orders to cease or change our processing of our data, litigation, claims (including representative actions and other class action type litigation, where individuals have suffered harm), or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could result in significant liability, cause our employers and job seekers to lose trust in us, and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with such laws, regulations and policies may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our marketplace. 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the United States, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We have voluntarily implemented policies and procedures designed to allow us to comply with U.S. economic sanctions laws and prevent our marketplace from being used to facilitate business in countries or with persons or entities included on designated lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, and equivalent foreign authorities. We may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal, state or local regulators, in the event that we engage in any conduct, intentionally or not, that facilitates money laundering, terrorist financing, or other illicit activity, or that violates sanctions or otherwise constitutes sanctionable activity. 
 Regulators continue to increase their scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures that we use to verify the identity of our users and to monitor our marketplace for potential illegal activity. In addition, any policies and procedures that we implement to comply with OFAC regulations may not be effective, including in preventing users from using our services within the OFAC-sanctioned countries of North Korea, Syria, Cuba, Iran, Russia, and the Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine, or additional countries or regions that may be included from time-to-time. Given the technical limitations in developing controls to prevent, among other things, the ability of users to publish in our marketplace false or deliberately misleading information or to develop sanctions-evasion methods, it is possible that we may inadvertently and without our knowledge provide services to individuals or entities that have been designated by OFAC 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 or are located in a country subject to an embargo by the United States that may not be in compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC. 
 Consequences for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include fines, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, or other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by us, our employers and job seekers, or payment partners with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation and could cause us to lose existing employers and job seekers, prevent us from obtaining new employers and job seekers, cause other payment partners to terminate or not renew their agreements with us, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by violations and to avert further violations, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability, all of which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We are also subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and the UK Bribery Act 2010, and may be subject to other anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and sanctions laws in countries in which we conduct activities or have employers and job seekers. The FCPA prohibits providing, offering, promising, or authorizing, directly or indirectly, anything of value to government officials, political parties, or political candidates for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business advantage. The provisions of the Bribery Act extend beyond bribery of government officials and create offenses in relation to commercial bribery including private sector recipients. The provisions of the Bribery Act also create offenses for accepting bribes in addition to bribing another person. We face significant risks if we cannot comply with the FCPA, the Bribery Act and other applicable anti-corruption laws. We have implemented an anti-corruption compliance policy, but we cannot ensure that all of our employees, employers and job seekers, and agents, as well as those contractors to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies or agreements and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any violation of the FCPA, the Bribery Act, other applicable anti-corruption laws, and other laws could result in investigations and actions by federal or state attorneys general or foreign regulators, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil fines and penalties or other sanctions, forfeiture of significant assets, debarment from government contracts, whistleblower complaints, and adverse media coverage, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results, and prospects. In addition, responding to any enforcement action or internal investigation related to alleged misconduct may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 We are subject to a wide variety of foreign and domestic laws. As we look to expand our international footprint over time and as new domestic laws are implemented, we may become obligated to comply with additional laws and regulations of the countries or markets in which we operate or have employers and job seekers. 
 We and our employers and job seekers are subject to a wide variety of foreign and domestic laws. Laws, regulations, and standards governing issues that may affect us, such as employment, payments, whistleblowing and worker confidentiality obligations, intellectual property, consumer protection, taxation, privacy, data security, benefits, unionizing and collective action, arbitration agreements and class action waiver provisions, unfair competition, terms of service, website accessibility, background checks, and escheatment are often complex and subject to varying interpretations, and, as a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies. Many of these laws do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet, mobile, and related technologies. Other laws and regulations in response to internet, mobile, and related technologies may also be adopted, implemented, or interpreted to apply to 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 us and other online services marketplaces or our users. Likewise, these laws affect our users, and their application, or uncertainty around their application, may affect demand for our marketplace. 
 New approaches to policymaking and legislation may also produce unintended harms for our business, which may impact our ability to operate our business in the manner in which we are accustomed. Any of these regulations could negatively impact our users, including perceptions regarding their use of our marketplace, or have a material adverse effect on the demand for job postings in our marketplace or on how we operate our marketplace. 
 As we look to expand our international footprint over time, we may become obligated to comply with additional laws and regulations of the countries or markets in which we operate or have customers or job seekers. We may be harmed if we are found to be subject to new or existing laws and regulations or if those laws are interpreted and applied to us in a manner that harms our business or is inconsistent with the application of U.S. laws, including with respect to those subjects mentioned above. In addition, contractual provisions that are designed to protect and mitigate against risks, including terms of service, arbitration and class action waiver provisions, disclaimers of warranties, limitations of liabilities, releases of claims, and indemnification provisions, could be deemed unenforceable as to the application of these laws and regulations by a court, arbitrator, or other decision-making body. If we cannot comply with these laws and regulations or manage the complexity of global operations and support an international user base successfully or cost effectively, or if these laws and regulations are deemed to apply to our users or cause a decline in demand for our marketplace, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We plan to expand our international operations which could subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued expansion internationally may not be successful. 
 We plan to expand our operations internationally in the future. Outside of the United States, we currently have operations in the United Kingdom, Israel, and Canada. There are significant costs and risks inherent in conducting business in international markets, including: 
 establishing and maintaining effective controls at foreign locations and the associated costs; 
 adapting our marketplace to non-U.S. employers and job seekers preferences and customs; 
 increased competition from local providers; 
 longer sales or collection cycles in some countries; 
 compliance with foreign laws and regulations, including data privacy frameworks like the GDPR; 
 adapting to doing business in other languages or cultures; 
 compliance with local tax regimes, including potential double taxation of our international earnings, and potentially adverse tax consequences due to U.S. and foreign tax laws as they relate to our international operations; 
 compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA and the Bribery Act; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and related effects on our operating results; 
 economic and political instability in some countries, such as the war in Ukraine; 
 the uncertainty of obtaining and protecting intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad; and 
 other costs of doing business internationally. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 These factors and other factors could harm our international operations and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Further, we may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in new markets. We also have more limited brand recognition in certain parts of the world, leading to delayed acceptance of our marketplace by international employers and job seekers. If we cannot continue to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Privacy concerns and laws or other domestic or foreign regulations may reduce the effectiveness of our marketplace, disrupt our communication processes, and adversely affect our business. 
 In order to use our marketplace, employers, job seekers, and, to a lesser extent, other third parties including advertisers, partners, and our own employees, entrust us to collect, use, and store their personal information. Our ability to leverage this information and to effectively and efficiently provide our services, including by communicating electronically and otherwise with employers and job seekers of our marketplace, is critical to our business. By way of example, our services may include the sending and receiving of emails, SMS/text messages, in-platform messages, and push notifications on mobile devices. Certain federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted, and others are considering adopting, or may adopt in the future, laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, transfer, storage and disclosure of personal information obtained from consumers, customers, employees, and other individuals, and the conditions under which businesses may communicate with such individuals and other third parties. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws and regulations that are applicable to the businesses of our employers and job seekers may limit the use of our marketplace and reduce overall demand, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance with such privacy laws. Moreover, third-party gatekeepers and service providers and their interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, rules, regulations, and best practices, may limit, disrupt, or require alteration of our operations, service offerings, and ability to communicate with and among employers and job seekers, and may adversely affect our business. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory disputes, and governmental investigations that could cause us to incur significant expenses, divert our management s attention, and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to claims, lawsuits (including class actions), government investigations, arbitrations and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, securities, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters that could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. The outcome of any legal proceeding, regardless of its merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of the merits, pending or future legal proceedings could result in a diversion of management s attention and resources and reputational harm, and we may be required to incur significant expenses defending against these claims or pursuing claims against third parties to protect our rights. If we do not prevail in litigation, we could incur substantial liabilities. We may also determine in certain instances that a settlement may be a more cost-effective and efficient resolution for a dispute. 
 Where we can make a reasonable estimate of the liability relating to pending litigation and determine that it is probable, we record a related liability. As additional information becomes available, we assess the potential liability and revise estimates as appropriate. However, because of uncertainties relating to litigation, the amount of our estimates could be wrong as determining reserves for pending legal proceedings is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls. The results of legal and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending litigation and other legal and regulatory matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations will prove correct, and even if these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could harm our business. Any adverse determination related to legal proceedings or a settlement agreement could require us to change our technology or our business practices in costly ways, prevent us from offering certain products or services, require us to pay monetary damages, fines, or penalties, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements, and could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows, harm our reputation, or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 Our failure or inability to protect our intellectual property rights, or claims by others that we are infringing upon or unlawfully using their intellectual property, could diminish the value of our brand and weaken our competitive position, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. 
 Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights, or IPR. We currently rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, and unfair competition laws, as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures and licensing arrangements, to establish and protect our IPR. We currently do not own any patents. We have devoted substantial resources to the development of our proprietary technologies and related processes. To protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, licensees, independent contractors, commercial partners, and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. We cannot be certain that the steps taken by us to protect our IPR will be adequate to prevent infringement of such rights by others. Additionally, the process of obtaining protection for trademarks and other IPR is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to apply for all necessary or desirable trademark and other IPR applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent or trademark protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications or apply for all necessary or desirable trademark applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Moreover, intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our IPR as fully as in the United States, and it may be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the unauthorized use of our IPR by other parties in these countries. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our IPR, and our failure or inability to obtain or maintain IPR protection or otherwise protect our IPR could adversely affect our business. 
 We may in the future be subject to patent infringement and trademark claims and lawsuits in various jurisdictions, and we cannot be certain that our products or activities do not violate the patents, trademarks, or other IPR of third-party claimants. Companies in the technology industry and other patent, copyright, and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and frequently commence litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As we face increasing competition and gain an increasingly high profile, the likelihood of IPR claims against us has grown and will likely continue to grow. 
 Further, from time to time, we may receive letters from third parties alleging that we are infringing upon their IPR or inviting us to license their IPR. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability, prevent us from selling some of our products and services, or require us to change our branding. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to redesign our products, license rights from third parties at a significant expense, or cease using those rights altogether. We may in the future bring claims against third parties for infringing our IPR. Costs of supporting such litigation and disputes may be considerable, and there can be no assurances that a favorable outcome will be obtained. Patent infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation, and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us or brought by us, whether successful or not, could require significant attention of our management and resources and have in the past and could further result in substantial costs, harm to our brand, and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse tax laws or regulations could be enacted or existing laws could be applied to us or our employers and job seekers, which could increase the costs of our services and adversely impact our business. 
 The application of federal, state, local and international tax laws to services provided electronically is evolving. New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time (possibly with retroactive effect), and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the internet. These enactments could adversely affect our sales activity due to the inherent cost increase the taxes would represent and ultimately result in a negative impact on our operating results and cash flows. 
 In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us (possibly with retroactive effect), which could require us or our employers and job seekers to pay additional tax amounts, as well as require us or our employers and job seekers to pay fines or penalties and interest for past amounts. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our employers and job seekers, we could be held liable for such costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flows. 
 Furthermore, the Inflation Reduction Act imposes a 1 non-deductible excise tax on the fair market value of any stock repurchased by a publicly traded domestic corporation during any taxable year, with the fair market value of such repurchased stock reduced by the fair market value of certain stock issued by such corporation during such taxable year. This tax will apply to our share repurchase program beginning in 2023, where such program is described in the below risk factor titled Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our Class A common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Other Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, public health crises, including pandemics, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism. 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, public health crises, and similar events. Additionally, the third-party systems and operations, such as the data centers and online services we use in our company operations, are subject to similar risks. Our insurance policies may not cover losses from these events or may provide insufficient compensation that does not cover our total losses. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic or another significant public health threat, or the related macroeconomic impacts, has an impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, it is likely also to have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact, demand for products sold in our marketplace, which in turn could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. In addition, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could also cause disruptions in our business or the economy as a whole. A significant portion of our technology team is located in Israel, which is located in a region of the world that historically has experienced elevated levels of geopolitical instability. Our corporate offices and our primary data center facilities are located in California, a state that frequently experiences earthquakes and wildfires. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans. As we rely heavily on our data center facilities, computer and communications systems, and the internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality user service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 We had 550.0 million of indebtedness (excluding intercompany indebtedness) and 244.6 million available under our credit facility as of December 31, 2022. Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; 
 requiring a portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; and 
 increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 In addition, the credit agreement that governs our credit facility and the indenture governing the 550.0 million aggregate principal amount of our senior unsecured notes that we issued in January 2022 contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement that governs our credit facility or the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of substantially all of our indebtedness. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on, among other things, the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. 
 Further, the credit agreement governing our credit facility contains, and any future credit facility or other debt instrument may contain, provisions that will restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such disposition. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 If we cannot make the scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and, as a result, the lenders under our credit facility and the holders of the senior unsecured notes could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under our credit facility could terminate their commitments to loan money and foreclose against the assets securing the borrowings under such credit facility, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation, which could result in an adverse impact to your investment in our company. 
 Covenants in our debt agreements may restrict our operations, and if we do not effectively manage our business to comply with these covenants, our financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 We entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, in April 2021, which provides for a 250.0 million secured line of credit. We also entered into an indenture in January 2022, which governs the senior unsecured notes. The credit facility and the indenture that governs the senior unsecured notes contain various restrictive covenants, including, among other things, net leverage ratio requirements, and restrictions on our ability to dispose of assets, make acquisitions or investments, incur debt or liens, make distributions to our stockholders, or enter into certain types of related party transactions. These restrictions may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to certain changes in our business or industry, or take future actions. Pursuant to the credit agreement, we granted the lenders thereto a security interest in substantially all of our assets. See the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information. 
 Our ability to meet these restrictive covenants can be impacted by events beyond our control and we may be unable to do so. Our credit agreement and the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes provides that our breach or failure to satisfy certain covenants constitutes an event of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under its debt agreements to be immediately due and payable, and holders of the senior unsecured notes could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable. In addition, the lender would have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the credit agreement. If the debt under our credit agreement or the senior unsecured notes were to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or be able to sell sufficient collateral to repay such debts, which would have an immediate adverse effect on our business, liquidity, and financial condition. 
 We may engage in merger and acquisition activities, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, consume resources that are necessary to sustain our business, and adversely affect our operating results. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may make investments in other companies, products, or technologies. At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one or more of these types of transactions. Any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may result in unforeseen or additional operating difficulties, risks, and expenditures. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions in the future, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by employers and job seekers. In addition, if we cannot successfully integrate such acquisitions, or the assets, technologies or personnel associated with such acquisitions, into our company, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized. Additionally, we may be exposed to unknown or additional risks and liabilities. 
 We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in additional businesses, products, technologies, or other assets. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our marketplace or our ability to provide our marketplace in foreign jurisdictions, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing, or investments in other companies. Negotiating these transactions can be time consuming, difficult, and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may often be subject to approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 transactions, even if undertaken and announced, may not close. Acquisitions may disrupt our ongoing operations, divert management from their primary responsibilities, dilute our corporate culture, subject us to additional liabilities, increase our expenses, and adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. We may not successfully evaluate or use the acquired technology and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could affect our financial condition, result in dilution to our stockholders or increase our fixed obligations. 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth and objectives, and this capital might not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all, and may result in stockholder dilution. 
 We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. However, we intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional capital to fund our business and to respond to competitive challenges, including the need to promote and enhance our marketplace, develop new products and services, enhance our operating infrastructure, and potentially to acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. There can be no assurance that such additional funding will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. Our inability to obtain additional funding when needed could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, holders of our Class A common stock could suffer significant dilution, and any new shares we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of our Class A common stock. Additionally, a substantial number of shares of our common stock are available for future sale pursuant to stock options, RSUs, or issuance pursuant to our equity incentive plans and employee stock purchase plan. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. 
 The requirements of being a public company, including maintaining adequate internal control over our financial and management systems, may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, the rules and regulations of the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased our legal and financial compliance costs and strains our financial and management systems, internal controls, and employees. 
 The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. Moreover, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting. We are required to make a formal assessment and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have not identified any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting during 2022, 2021 and 2020. However, to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting to meet the standards of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, additional and potentially significant resources and management oversight may be required. 
 Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our business or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Because we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company at the conclusion of the fiscal year ended 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022, we are required to include in this Annual Report on Form 10-K an attestation report as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that is issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 The new rules and regulations applicable to public companies, and stockholder litigation brought against recently public companies, have made it more expensive for us to obtain and maintain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to incur substantially higher costs to obtain and maintain the same or similar coverage. 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. We are subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and stockholders equity/deficit, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Transactions generated in countries other than the United States as well as those incurred by our international subsidiaries are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our international subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. Our financial results are also subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. To date, we have not engaged in currency hedging activities to limit 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 the risk of exchange fluctuations and, as a result, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by such fluctuations. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Market volatility may affect the value of an investment in our Class A common stock and could subject us to litigation. 
 Technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. The price of our Class A common stock also could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and others beyond our control, including: 
 the number of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock publicly owned and available for trading; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition, operating results and other operating and non-GAAP metrics; 
 our actual or anticipated operating performance and the operating performance of our competitors; 
 changes in the projected operational and financial results we provide to the public or our failure to meet those projections; 
 any major change in our board of directors, management, or key personnel; 
 the impact of, including but not limited to, market volatility, macroeconomic conditions such as inflation and any recession, and economic disruption caused by COVID-19 or any other worldwide pandemic; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, new products, services, features, integrations or capabilities, acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, or responses to these events; and 
 sales or expected sales of our Class A common stock by us, and our officers, directors, and principal stockholders. 
 Furthermore, the stock market has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies and financial services and technology companies in particular. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our Class A common stock following the recent listing of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange as a result of the supply and demand forces described above. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to our listing, including our directors, executive officers, and 5 stockholders. This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Our Class B common stock has twenty votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2022, the holders of our outstanding Class B common stock beneficially owned approximately 28.9 of our outstanding common stock as a class and held approximately 89.0 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock as a class. Because of the twenty-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively control a substantial majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until the earliest of (1) the first business day falling on or after 180 days after the date on which Ian Siegel beneficially owns less than 4,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, (2) the date which is (a) 90 days after the date of death or disability of Mr. Siegel or (b) such later date, not to exceed a total period of 180 days after the date of death or disability of Mr. Siegel, as may be approved prior to the date that is 90 days after the date of death or disability of Mr. Siegel by a majority of our independent directors then in office, and (3) the first business day falling on or after the date on which Mr. Siegel elects to convert all then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock. This concentrated control limits or precludes your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain permitted transfers, including certain transfers to family members, trusts solely for the benefit of the stockholder or their family members, affiliates under common control with the stockholder, and partnerships, corporations, and other entities exclusively owned by the stockholder or their family members, in each case as fully described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 Certain stock index providers, such as S P Dow Jones, exclude companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to certain stock indices, including the S P 500. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms and large institutional investors oppose the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure of our common stock may prevent the inclusion of our Class A common stock in such indices, may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure, and may result in large institutional investors not purchasing shares of our Class A common stock. Any exclusion from stock indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms or institutional investors critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could also adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our share repurchase program could affect the price of our Class A common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the board of directors has authorized us to repurchase up to 450.0 million of our common stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, or pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 plans, in compliance with applicable securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other investment opportunities. Approximately 110.7 million remains available for future repurchases under our 450.0 million share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. 
 Repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect the price of our Class A common stock and increase its volatility. The existence of our share repurchase program could also cause the price of our Class A common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could reduce the market liquidity for our Class A common stock. Additionally, repurchases under our share repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which could impact our ability to further develop our business and service our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that any repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased such shares. Any failure to repurchase shares after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our Class A common stock price. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business or our future prospects, the price of our Class A common stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, our market, and our competitors. We do not have control over these securities analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or cannot publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Class A common stock could decrease, which might cause our Class A common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by the restrictions under the terms of our credit agreement. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a merger, acquisition, or other change of control of our company that the stockholders may consider favorable. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 
 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings, actions by written consent, and designation of our preferred stock; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 provide that only the chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, our lead independent director, or a majority of our board of directors will be authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibit cumulative voting; 
 provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 
 provide for a dual class common stock structure in which holders of our Class B common stock may have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 Moreover, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. See the section titled Description of Class A Common Stock in Exhibit 4.6 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. In addition, under the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes, if certain change of control events occur, each holder of the notes may require us to repurchase all of such holder s notes at a purchase price equal to 101 of the principal amount of such notes. Additionally, our credit facility provides for an event of default upon the occurrence of certain specified change of control events. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws contain exclusive forum provisions for certain claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Moreover, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and our restated bylaws provide that the U.S. federal district courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or a Federal Forum Provision. Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities will be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Monica, California, where we currently lease approximately 60,000 square feet under agreements that expire in 2023 and 2025. We also lease facilities in Palo Alto, California, Phoenix, Arizona and Tel Aviv, Israel. We intend to procure additional space as we add employees and expand geographically. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any expansion of our operations as needed. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to the disclosure under the heading Legal Matters in Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies to the audited financial statements included in this report for legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of our business activities. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the ticker symbol ZIP . There is no separate public trading market for our Class B common stock, which is convertible share for share at any time into Class A common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 17, 2023, the approximate number of Class A and Class B common shareholders of record was 1,216 and 7, respectively. A substantially greater number of ZipRecruiter common shareholders are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future, we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. In addition, our credit agreement contains restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Share repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 Rule 10b5-1 plan repurchases 1,264 17.15 1,264 November 1, 2022 to November 31, 2022 Rule 10b5-1 plan repurchases 1,699 16.50 1,699 December 1, 2022 to December 30, 2022 Rule 10b5-1 plan repurchases 100 16.05 100 Open market repurchases 2,409 16.29 2,409 December ASR (2) 
 2,566 (2) 
 2,566 Total 8,038 110,744 
 ____________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to 450.0 million of our common stock under the share repurchase program, of which 339.3 million had been utilized. The remaining 110.7 million in the table represents the amount available to repurchase shares under the share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. We may repurchase shares of common stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, or pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 plans. The share repurchase program has no expiration date and will continue until otherwise suspended, terminated, or modified at any time for any reason by the board of directors. For more information, see Note 13 Share Repurchase Program to the audited financial statements included in this report. 
 (2) In December 2022, we entered into a new accelerated share repurchase agreement (the December ASR with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Under the terms of the agreement, we made a payment of 50.0 million and received an initial delivery of 2.6 million shares of Class A common stock, which represented 42.5 million (or 85 of the December ASR. The final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the term of the December ASR, less fees paid to the bank. The final settlement of the December ASR occurred during the first quarter of 2023. The ASR transaction was effectuated pursuant to our previously announced 450.0 million share repurchase program. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our Class A common stock since May 26, 2021 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) relative to the cumulative total returns of the NYSE and the Standard Poor s Internet Select Industry Index over the same period. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index at the market close on May 26, 2021, and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

OVERVIEW 
 Our Mission is t o actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
 ZipRecruiter is a two-sided marketplace for work. We generate substantially all of our revenue from fees paid by employers to post jobs and access other features in our marketplace. We offer our employers flat rate pricing on terms typically ranging from a day to a year, or performance-based pricing, such as cost-per-click, to align with each employer s hiring needs. 
 ZipRecruiter is free to use for job seekers. Job seekers come to ZipRecruiter in search of their next opportunity. After establishing a profile, job seekers are able to apply to jobs with a single click. Our automated recruiter curates jobs and proactively sends alerts for new opportunities where they are a Great Match, which is a designation assigned by ZipRecruiter s technology to indicate a high potential fit between a job seeker and a job. As our matching technology learns more about job seekers preferences and attributes, our technology offers increasingly higher quality matches. 
 We plan to continue to invest aggressively in our marketplace to improve functionality and drive growth for the foreseeable future. We have made significant investments in our business to expand our employer and job seeker footprints, increase their engagement and enhance our datasets and machine learning. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue was 904.6 million and we generated net income of 61.5 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 184.9 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our revenue was 741.1 million and we generated net income of 3.6 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 108.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure not presented in accordance with GAAP. For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, an explanation of our management s use of this measure and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA, see the section titled Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

48 

KEY OPERATING METRICS AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures to identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions: 
 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 Quarterly Paid Employers 114,705 169,191 169,535 147,081 150,233 156,537 135,703 108,296 Revenue per Paid Employer 1,093 1,081 1,254 1,497 1,513 1,533 1,673 1,944 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Adjusted EBITDA 184,866 108,329 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20 15 
 Quarterly Paid Employers 
 We quantify the revenue-generating customer base as the number of Paid Employers in our marketplace. The Quarterly Paid Employer metric includes all actively recruiting employers (or entities acting on behalf of employers) on a paying subscription plan or performance marketing campaign for at least one day in a given calendar quarter. Paid Employers excludes employers from our third-party sites or other indirect channels, employers who are not actively recruiting and employers on free-trials. This group of employers excluded from our Paid Employer count does not contribute a significant amount of revenue. 
 In the last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, Quarterly Paid Employers decreased when compared to the prior-year period. The record-setting levels of hiring activity we saw throughout the first half of 2022 started to show signs of softening near the end of June 2022. This trend continued through the remainder of the year ended December 31, 2022, as the U.S. labor market continued to be impacted by supply chain disruptions, inflation, and rising interest rates which posed challenges for many businesses. 
 Revenue per Paid Employer 
 We evaluate Revenue per Paid Employer as a key indicator of our efforts to increase value provided to employers in our marketplace. We define Revenue per Paid Employer as total company revenue in a given period divided by Quarterly Paid Employers in the same period. 
 In the last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, Revenue per Paid Employer increased by 30 when compared to the prior-year period. Despite the cooling hiring environment in the second half of the year ended December 31, 2022, employers willingness to pay continued to grow as we saw employers being more selective in their hiring and increasingly seeking out solutions with the best matching technology to help them identify and recruit standout candidates. Our products and services continue to improve, offering more value for employers of all sizes. 
 49 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as our net income (loss) before interest expense, other income, net, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, adjusted to eliminate stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA for a period by revenue for the same period. 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful to investors, analysts and other interested parties because they can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial periods. In addition, these measures are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate and assess performance. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within the same industry. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, our investments in research and development, sales and marketing, headcount and our ability to generate revenue. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net income (1) 
 61,494 3,600 Stock-based compensation 76,956 107,258 Depreciation and amortization 10,682 9,463 Interest expense 28,498 916 Other income, net (5,354) (32) Income tax expense (benefit) 12,590 (12,876) Adjusted EBITDA 184,866 108,329 
 ____________ 
 (1) Net income includes one-time general and administrative expenses related to financial advisory services, accounting and legal expenses, the bonus earned by our Chief Executive Officer, and other filing costs in connection with the direct listing of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, or Direct Listing, totaling 0 and 34.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 50 

The following tables present net income margin and Adjusted EBITDA margin for each of the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 904,649 741,141 Net income 61,494 3,600 Net income margin 7 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 904,649 741,141 Adjusted EBITDA 184,866 108,329 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20 15 

FACTORS AFFECTING OUR PERFORMANCE 
 We believe that the growth and future success of our business depends on many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain our growth, improve our results of operations and maintain or increase profitability. 
 Attract More Employers 
 Our ability to maintain and grow an expansive universe of employers and job opportunities in our marketplace over time is critical to our business s future. We acquire new employers primarily through marketing programs and our sales teams. 
 Our ability to cost effectively attract both employers and job seekers is critical to our success. Given that our marketplace remains free for job seekers, employers spending funds our continued investment in matching technology. The majority of our marketing efforts to date have been toward reaching employers. Our investment in employer-specific marketing has driven a significant increase in brand awareness. Our aided brand awareness among employers has grown to over 80 in 2022. We believe scaling our brand has a positive impact on our ability to attract both employers and job seekers to our marketplace. We plan to continue to invest in the sales and marketing channels that we believe will drive further brand awareness and preference amongst both employers and job seekers. We are focused on the effectiveness of our sales and marketing spend and will continue to be disciplined in how we measure and re-invest in growing both sides of our marketplace. 
 Most of the employers in our marketplace use our self-serve tools to gain access to our marketplace and do not require a salesperson to help them initially onboard and begin using ZipRecruiter. Other employers have more sophisticated needs or require greater assistance from our sales team. We expect that our sales teams will continue to become more efficient over time, even as we scale the team to appropriately meet demand from our employer customers. 
 Create More Value for Employers 
 While our marketplace serves a wide variety of employers, all employers benefit from finding the right candidate quickly. We bring employers and job seekers together using industry-leading matching technology. This technology benefits from the billions of data points we gather as job seekers and 
 51 

employers interact, leading to better matches over time. As a result of our advancements with matching, we delivered over 30 million Great Match candidates in 2022. 
 Average Monthly Revenue per Paid Employer by Employer Cohort Start Year 

Satisfied employers continue to expand their relationship with us in terms of additional jobs and tenure in our marketplace. Those with recurring hiring needs remain active in our marketplace over time and tend to increase their spend each year, posting additional jobs and purchasing job enhancement products. 
 Annual cohort trends also remained strong throughout 2022. The average first year revenue for the 2022 employer cohort was approximately 17 higher than the 2021 cohort. We saw this growth in Revenue per Paid Employer across employers of all sizes, continuing the years-long trend of increasing year one Revenue per Paid Employer for each annual cohort. Additionally, Revenue per Paid Employer continued to grow across each annual cohort. For example, at 1,146, the average monthly Revenue per Paid Employer in our 2016 cohort has grown by nearly 5x since year one. 
 Attract More Job Seekers 
 For job seekers, we operate like a personal recruiter, presenting potential candidates to employers before they have applied. Phil, our AI-powered personal recruiter, engages job seekers on their journey and provides technology that makes their job search and application process more efficient. Our ability to cost effectively grow the number of job seekers and increase their engagement in our marketplace is critical to strengthen our marketplace. We compete for job seekers on many fronts, including our ability to surface unique and attractive jobs, our ability to simplify the hiring process, the transparent feedback job seekers receive on the status of their applications and our trusted brand. We believe our offering to job seekers compares favorably versus alternatives due to the combination of our large and unique set of jobs to choose from, plus our proven matching technology that continues to get smarter over time. In 2022 alone we engaged with over 42 million Active Job Seekers. Historically, we have largely focused our marketing spend on employers, and despite being the highest rated job seeker app on iOS and Android 3 , we are not yet the most well-known. Starting in 2021 and continuing in 2022, we have made significant investments in media campaigns focused on job seeker acquisition and engagement. With 80 aided brand awa 
 
 3 Based on job seeker app ratings, as of January 2023 from AppFollow for ZipRecruiter, CareerBuilder, Glassdoor, Indeed, LinkedIn, and Monster. 
 52 

reness among job seekers, we are focused on becoming top of mind for job seekers by increasing our brand awareness. 
 We will continue to invest in growing the number of job seekers in our marketplace that are either actively or passively open to evaluating new opportunities through a variety of acquisition strategies. 
 Investments in Technology 
 The technology that drives high quality matches between our job seekers and employers remains a significant investment priority. We are continuously improving our data science and machine learning models, leveraging the billions of interactions taking place in our marketplace to drive meaningful improvements in the quality of matches we share with our users. Our continued improvement of the technology underpinning our marketplace and product experience is paramount to our user experience, driving our ability to attract and retain employers and job seekers and generate revenue. As such, we will continue to invest in our technology to continue to evolve our marketplace to provide improved experiences and impact for both employers and job seekers. 
 We have invested in research and development to improve our matching technology and deliver a high-quality experience to employers and job seekers. In 2022 and 2021, we spent 127.7 million and 110.5 million, or 14 and 15 of total revenue, respectively, on research and development. We believe the return on these investments will create operating leverage over time while continuing to drive top-line growth. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is seasonal, reflecting typical behavior in hiring markets. Hiring activity tends to decelerate in the fourth quarter. In 2019, for example, sequential revenue growth was 13 and 4 for the quarters ended June 30 and September 30, respectively. Sequential growth decelerated to 0 in the quarter ended December 31, 2019. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic interrupted the patterns we typically see in our quarterly seasonality. In 2020, we experienced a decrease in sequential revenue of 23 in the quarter ended June 30, 2020 as a result of the pandemic, but saw consecutive quarters of revenue growth of 17 and 11 in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, respectively, as employers started to return to and join our marketplace. In 2021, we saw sequential revenue growth in each quarter. However, growth from third to fourth quarter of 2021 decelerated to 4 , reflecting more typical seasonal patterns. While sequential growth during the first half of 2022 was more reflective of our typical seasonality, we saw consecutive quarters of revenue decline of 5 and 7 in the third and fourth quarters, respectively. We believe this decline was primarily driven by a macroeconomic cooling in the hiring market. 

Impact of Macroeconomic Conditions 
 We saw significantly higher Revenue per Paid Employer in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 and we delivered 904.6 million in revenue, a 22 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by higher demand of our products as the economy continued to improve from the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic amidst a more competitive labor market. However, we saw employers pulling back on job postings in the second quarter and the trend continued throughout the year ended December 31, 2022 as supply chain disruptions, inflation, and rising interest rates posed challenges for many businesses. Any global economic recovery remains uncertain and unpredictable and will be impacted by such factors, as well as developments in the COVID-19 pandemic, including any subsequent waves of outbreak or new variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, which may require additional closures or other preventative measures and influence job seeker and employer activity. 
 
 53 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue primarily from fees paid by employers to post and distribute jobs in our marketplace, as well as multiple sites managed by Job Distribution Partners, which are third-party sites who have a relationship with us and advertise from our marketplace, and include job boards, newspaper classifieds, search engines, social networks, talent communities and resume services. 
 Our subscription revenue consists of time-based job posting plans, upsells which complement or expand visibility and prominence to job posting plans and resume database plans. 
 We offer job posting plans with terms typically ranging from a day to a year on a flat rate subscription basis to access our marketplace, where customers may create and manage job postings and review incoming candidate applications. We recognize revenue ratably over the subscription period beginning on the date the subscription service is made available to the customer. Our nonrefundable subscriptions are typically subject to renewal at the end of the subscription term. 
 Our upsell services complement or expand visibility to job posting plans and are typically sold on a subscription basis. Upsell services revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement beginning on the date the upsell services are made available to the customer. Additionally, upsell services include job posting enhancements which are applied to individual job postings. Such services enhance job postings by providing customers with a temporary boost in the prominence of their job postings, expanding visibility to job postings by inviting strong fit potential candidates to apply to the job, or highlighting key attributes of job postings to make them stand out to job seekers. Revenue from job posting enhancements is recognized as the customer uses the enhancements on its job postings. 
 Resume database plans allow our customers to search and view resumes and revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Performance-based revenue is recognized when a candidate clicks on or applies to a job distributed by ZipRecruiter on behalf of a customer. For performance-based revenue, our customers pay an amount per click or per job application usually capped at a contractual maximum per job recruitment campaign. 
 For a description of our revenue accounting policies, see the section titled Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates below. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of third-party hosting, credit card processing fees, personnel-related costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for customer support employees, partner revenue share amounts, job distribution costs from performance-based revenue, and amortization of capitalized software costs associated with our marketplace technology to provide services for our customers. In addition, we allocate a portion of overhead costs, such as rent, IT costs, supplies and depreciation and amortization, to cost of revenue based on headcount. 
 We expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars in future periods due to payment processing fees, third-party hosting fees, personnel-related costs to support additional transaction volume, and amortization expense associated with our capitalized internal-use software and development cost. Our cost of revenue may fluctuate in absolute dollars from period to period based on the amount and timing of all of these items. 
 54 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Our gross profit and gross margin may fluctuate from period to period. Such fluctuations may be influenced by our revenue, timing and amount of investments to expand hosting capacity, our continued investments in our support teams, and the amortization expense associated with our capitalized internal-use software and development cost. 
 Costs and Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense consists of personnel-related costs (including salaries, sales commissions, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for our sales and marketing employees, marketing activities, and related allocated overhead costs. Marketing activities include advertising, online lead generation, customer and industry events, and candidate acquisition. We allocate a portion of overhead costs, such as rent, IT costs, supplies, and depreciation and amortization, to sales and marketing expense based on headcount. 
 We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis and may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future as we plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to attract both employers and job seekers to our marketplace and to increase our brand awareness. We expect that these expenses will continue to be our largest operating expense category for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand on our sales and marketing efforts. We measure the expected returns of specific sales and marketing initiatives and adjust spend levels up or down accordingly. This discipline has been a key aspect of our strong financial performance through a wide range of macroeconomic conditions. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense consists of personnel-related costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for our research and development employees, amortization of capitalized software costs associated with the development of internal databases, candidate insights, and reporting that support our marketplace technology and the cost of certain third-party service providers. We allocate a portion of overhead costs, such as rent, IT costs, supplies, and depreciation and amortization, to research and development expense based on headcount. Research and development costs, other than software development costs qualifying for capitalization, are expensed as incurred. 
 We believe continued investments in research and development are important to attain our strategic objectives, and expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars. This expense may vary as a percentage of total revenue for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to ongoing improvements to, and maintenance of, our marketplace, expansion of our services, as well as other research and development programs, including the hiring of engineering, product development, and design employees to support these efforts. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense consists of personnel-related costs (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees in our executive, finance, human resource and administrative departments, and fees for third-party professional services, including consulting, legal and accounting services. General and administrative expense also consists of non-recurring costs as part of our transition to a publicly traded company and includes fees paid to our financial advisors in connection with our Direct Listing. In addition, we allocate a portion of overhead costs, such as rent, IT costs, supplies, and depreciation and amortization, to general and administrative expense based on headcount. 
 We expect to continue to invest in corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance and reporting obligations 
 55 

pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, and higher expenses for investor relations costs, professional services, and director and officer insurance. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest costs associated with our outstanding borrowings, undrawn fees associated with our credit facility, and amortization of issuance costs for our credit facility and senior unsecured notes. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of interest income recognized on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, gains and losses from foreign currency exchange transactions, and realized gains and losses recognized on sales of available-for-sale debt securities. We have foreign currency exposure primarily related to personnel-related expenses that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the Canadian Dollar, British Pound and the Israeli New Shekel. Other income (expense) also includes sublease income which consists of income earned from noncancellable sublease agreements related to two of our office facilities. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States, as well as several international jurisdictions. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the net favorable adjustments related to prior years and research and development tax credits, partially offset by state taxes, state valuation allowances on certain tax credit carryforwards, and non-deductible expenses including limitations on the amount of deductible officer compensation. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to book and tax differences relating to the exercise of non-qualified stock options and from the net tax benefits from research and development tax credits, partially offset by non-deductible expenses including certain stock-based compensation expenses. 

Results of Operations 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 56 

The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for each of the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenue (1) 
 904,649 741,141 Cost of revenue (2) 
 86,298 79,614 Gross profit 818,351 661,527 Operating expenses Sales and marketing (2) 
 484,429 410,665 Research and development (2) 
 127,737 110,470 General and administrative (2)(3) 
 108,957 148,784 Total operating expenses 721,123 669,919 Income (loss) from operations 97,228 (8,392) Other income (expense) Interest expense (28,498) (916) Other income, net 5,354 32 Total other expense, net (23,144) (884) Income (loss) before income taxes 74,084 (9,276) Income tax expense (benefit) 12,590 (12,876) Net income 61,494 3,600 
 ____________ 
 (1) Revenue is comprised as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Subscription revenue 696,334 600,090 Performance-based revenue 208,315 141,051 Total revenue 904,649 741,141 
 (2) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 807 1,093 Sales and marketing 10,858 17,865 Research and development 30,985 34,230 General and administrative 34,306 54,070 Total stock-based compensation 76,956 107,258 
 (3) Includes one-time charges related to financial advisory services, accounting and legal expenses, the bonus earned by our Chief Executive Officer, and other filing costs in connection with our Direct Listing totaling 0 and 34.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 57 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Total revenue 904,649 741,141 163,508 22 
 Revenue increased 163.5 million, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Subscription revenue increased by 96.2 million, or 16 , while performance-based revenue increased 67.3 million, or 48 , for the same period. The increase in subscription revenue was primarily due to significantly higher Revenue per Paid Employer in the current year driven by higher demand of our products as employers continued to seek out the best and most efficient technology and tools to recruit talent amidst a more competitive labor market. The increase in performance-based revenue was primarily due to the onboarding of new customers who ran sophisticated recruitment marketing campaigns in addition to increased budgets as employers' hiring needs ramped up amidst a more competitive labor market in 2022. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 86,298 79,614 6,684 8 Gross margin 90 89 
 Cost of revenue increased 6.7 million, or 8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by an increase of 3.7 million in credit card processing fees due to the increase in revenue. Total gross margins were 90 and 89 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and this improvement reflected our continued commitment to operational efficiencies and maintaining costs proportionate to revenue growth. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 484,429 410,665 73,764 18 Percentage of revenue 54 55 
 Sales and marketing expenses grew 73.8 million, or 18 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an additional 45.1 million in marketing and advertising compared to the prior-year period reflecting our efforts in advertising to both job seekers and employers to grow both sides of the marketplace. Personnel-related costs for our sales and marketing employees increased by 28.4 million, largely due to an increase in headcount. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 7.0 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our RSUs which vested as a result of our board of directors waiver of the liquidity event-based vesting condition during the second quarter of 2021. 
 58 

Research and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development 127,737 110,470 17,267 16 Percentage of revenue 14 15 
 Research and development expenses increased 17.3 million, or 16 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase of 13.6 million in personnel-related costs for our research and development employees largely driven by an increase in headcount. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of 3.2 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily attributable to our RSUs which vested as a result of our board of directors waiver of the liquidity event-based vesting condition during the second quarter of 2021. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 108,957 148,784 (39,827) (27) Percentage of revenue 12 20 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 39.8 million, or 27 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was largely attributable to the non-recurring fees incurred in the prior-year period related to our Direct Listing, including professional fees totaling 24.0 million, of which 19.4 million was paid to our financial advisors, and a 10.0 million bonus paid to our CEO. Stock-based compensation expense decreased by 19.8 million, primarily due to our RSUs which vested as a result of our board of directors waiver of the liquidity event-based vesting condition during the second quarter of 2021. Stock-based compensation expense also decreased by 4.2 million related to the modification of RSUs and options granted to a former executive in the prior-year period. Non-income tax expense decreased by 10.1 million primarily attributable to a nonrecurring expense of 8.7 million recorded in the prior year. We record non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any anticipated negotiated agreements with, tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. These decreases were partially offset by a 14.6 million increase in our personnel-related expenses for our general and administrative employees, primarily attributable to an increase in headcount. 
 Total Other Expense, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Total other expense, net (23,144) (884) (22,260) 
 ______________ 
 Percentage not meaningful. 
 
 Total other expense, net, increased by 22.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to interest expense of 27.6 million related to our senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of 550.0 million that commenced in January 2022. This is partially offset by 2.6 million in accretion income and 2.3 million in 
 59 

interest income, which were earned on our marketable securities and cash equivalents acquired in the current year. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Income tax expense (benefit) 12,590 (12,876) 25,466 (198) Effective tax rate 17 139 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our tax expense increased by 25.5 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 17.0 and 139 , respectively. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to net favorable adjustments related to prior years and research and development tax credits, partially offset by state taxes, state valuation allowances on certain tax credit carryforwards, and non-deductible expenses such as limitations on the amount of deductible executive compensation. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to excess tax benefits relating to the exercise of stock-based compensation, partially offset by permanent book-tax differences such as limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation and one-time expenses related to our Direct Listing. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling 570.4 million and 244.6 million available in unused borrowing capacity under our current credit facility. We have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash generated from operations, sales of shares of common and preferred stock and from our senior unsecured notes, bank loans, and convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding under our credit facility. 
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flow from operations, and amounts available for borrowing under our bank loan agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. To the extent existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash from operations, and amounts available for borrowing are insufficient to fund future activities, we may need to raise additional funds. In the future, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through equity-linked or debt financing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by the incurrence of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could also be subject to additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that could be unfavorable to equity investors. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital. The inability to raise capital could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 We previously entered into a loan and security agreement with a financial institution that provided for a revolving credit facility which terminated on April 30, 2021 when we entered into a new credit facility as described below. 
 60 

Credit Facility 
 In April 2021, we entered into a 250.0 million credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks. The credit facility has a maturity date of April 30, 2026 and bears interest at a rate based upon our Net Leverage Ratio. Our Net Leverage Ratio is defined as total debt less total cash and permitted investments outstanding at period end, with a maximum total cash and permitted investments adjustment of 550.0 million, divided by the trailing 12 months of earnings, adjusted for items such as non-cash expenses and other nonrecurring transactions. We are also obligated to pay other customary fees including a commitment fee on a quarterly basis based on amounts committed but unused under the credit facility at a rate between 0.25 to 0.35 , depending on our Net Leverage Ratio. The amount available under the credit facility is reduced by letters of credit outstanding, which totaled 5.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The letters of credit outstanding relate to various leased office spaces. 
 The credit facility is collateralized by security interests in substantially all of our assets and includes customary events of default such as non-payment of principal, non-payment of interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of certain covenants, cross default to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments against us, and a change of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the credit facility. 
 The credit facility agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements, negative covenants, and financial covenants, such as maintenance of certain net leverage ratio requirements. The negative covenants include restrictions that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur liens and indebtedness, make certain investments, declare dividends, dispose of, transfer or sell assets, make stock repurchases and consummate certain other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. 
 For more information on the credit facility, please see Note 8 Debt to the audited financial statements included in this report. 
 We have no amounts outstanding under the credit facility and are in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On January 12, 2022, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 550.0 million senior unsecured notes due 2030 in a private placement. The senior unsecured notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of January 12, 2022, or the Indenture. Pursuant to the Indenture, the senior unsecured notes will mature on January 15, 2030 and bear interest at a rate of 5 per year. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. 
 The Indenture contains certain customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on the incurrence of debt, limitations on liens, limitations on consolidations or mergers, and limitations on asset sales. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. 
 At any time prior to January 15, 2030, we have the option, at our sole discretion, to redeem all or a portion of our senior unsecured notes subject to the payment of certain premiums, make-whole provisions, and accrued and unpaid interest. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event, we must offer to repurchase the senior unsecured notes at a repurchase price equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount to be repurchased, and any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 For more information on the senior unsecured notes, please see Note 8 Debt to the audited financial statements included in this report. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to 450.0 million of our outstanding common stock, with no fixed expiration. During the year ended 
 61 

December 31, 2022, and prior to entering into a new accelerated share repurchase agreement in December 2022, or December ASR, we repurchased 16.0 million shares of our Class A common stock for 289.3 million under our share repurchase program, including 5.1 million shares of our Class A common stock delivered under the completed accelerated share repurchase agreements entered into in March and June 2022, totaling 100.0 million, 7.9 million shares of our Class A common stock delivered under a Rule 10b5-1 plan totaling 137.7 million, and 3.0 million shares of our Class A common stock totaling 51.6 million through open market purchases. 
 In December 2022, we entered into the December ASR with a major financial institution, to repurchase an aggregate of 50.0 million in shares of our Class A common stock. Under the December ASR, we received an initial delivery of 2.6 million shares of our Class A common stock, which represented 42.5 million (or 85 of the December ASR. The payment of 50.0 million was recognized in additional paid-in capital in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) in December 2022. The final number of shares repurchased was based on the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the term of the December ASR, net of fees. The final settlement occurred in February 2023. 
 Approximately 110.7 million remains available for future repurchases of our Class A common stock under our share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. For more information, see Note 13 Share Repurchase Program to the audited financial statements included in this report. 
 Investments 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we began investing primarily in highly rated debt securities and money market mutual funds to manage our excess cash reserves. The primary objectives in investing our excess cash reserves are to preserve capital, provide sufficient liquidity to satisfy both operational cash flow requirements and potential strategic investment opportunities, and to obtain a reasonable or market rate of return on investments. We consider all of our investments as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classify these securities within current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 404.0 million in total investments, consisting of money market mutual funds and available-for-sale debt securities. These investments are included within cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities within our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For more information, see Note 10 Financial Instruments to the audited financial statements included in this report. 
 Forecasted Cash Tax Liability 
 Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to amortize such expenditures over five years. While it is possible that Congress may defer, modify, or repeal this provision, potentially with retroactive effect, we have no assurance that this provision will be deferred, modified, or repealed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have analyzed the provision and worked with our advisors to evaluate its application to our business. This provision increased taxable income and thus cash taxes paid, with an offsetting and equal deferred tax benefit, and has decreased our expected cash from operations in 2022, and will likely continue to do so annually, unless the provision is deferred, modified, or repealed. The actual impact on future cash from operations will depend on if and 
 62 

when this provision is deferred, modified, or repealed by Congress, including if retroactively, and the amount of research and development expenses paid or incurred in future years among other factors. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 128,808 144,136 Net cash used in investing activities (351,134) (13,336) Net cash provided by financing activities 195,085 9,282 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (27,241) 140,082 
 Operating Activities 
 The primary source of operating cash inflows is cash collected from our customers for our services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures, marketing costs and third-party costs incurred to support our marketplace. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 128.8 million resulting from our net income of 61.5 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 96.2 million and a net decrease of 28.9 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges primarily resulted from 77.0 million for stock-based compensation expense, 10.7 million pertaining to amortization of intangible assets and depreciation, and 4.4 million pertaining to non-cash lease expense. The decrease of 28.9 million related to changes in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by a 22.7 million decrease in our accrued expenses and other liabilities and accounts payable, a 6.7 million increase in our accounts receivable, a 6.7 million decrease in operating lease liabilities, and a 3.7 million decrease in deferred revenue, partially offset by an increase of 12.7 million in accrued interest associated with our senior unsecured notes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities was 144.1 million resulting from our net income of 3.6 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 109.2 million and a net increase of 31.4 million in our operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges primarily resulted from 107.3 million for stock-based compensation expense, 9.5 million pertaining to amortization of intangible assets and depreciation, and 5.4 million pertaining to non-cash lease expense, partially offset by 14.9 million related to the change in our deferred tax assets primarily driven by current year pretax losses and the tax related impact of stock-based compensation. The increase in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase of 56.6 million in our accrued expenses and other liabilities and accounts payable as we increased our marketing spend during the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by an increase of 22.4 million in our accounts receivable associated with an increase in revenue due to the number of Quarterly Paid Employers compared to the prior year. 
 Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 351.1 million resulting from purchases of marketable securities of 367.1 million, capitalized software development costs of 7.9 million, and capital expenditures of 2.7 million primarily related to purchases of computer supplies and equipment, partially offset by 25.6 million received from paydowns, maturities, and redemptions of marketable securities and 0.9 million received from sales of marketable securities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 13.3 million resulting from capitalized software development costs of 7.3 million and capital expenditures of 6.1 million primarily related to leasehold improvements for one of our operating leases. 
 63 

Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 195.1 million which consisted of 550.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of our senior unsecured notes, 8.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of stock under the employee stock purchase plan, and 4.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by 339.3 million for the repurchase of common stock, 19.2 million for the net settlement of taxes on RSUs, and 9.4 million for the payment of the issuance costs related to the issuance of our senior unsecured notes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 9.3 million, which consisted of 18.5 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options partially offset by 5.2 million for the net settlement of taxes on restricted stock units, 2.8 million for the repurchase of common stock, and 1.3 million for the payment of the issuance costs related to our credit facility. 
 Obligations and Other Commitments 
 See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies to the audited financial statements included in this report for our future minimum commitments related to certain software service agreements. Through December 31, 2022, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are both the most important to the portrayal of our net assets and results of operations and require difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We often need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and these estimates are developed based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
 Critical accounting estimates are accounting estimates where the nature of the estimates are material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the estimates on financial condition or operating performance is material. 
 The critical accounting policies and estimates, assumptions, and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenue primarily from fees for subscription services and performance-based job posting activities. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: 
 Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer 
 Identification of all performance obligations in the contract 
 Determination of the transaction price 
 Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
 Recognition of revenue when, or as, the performance obligation or obligations are satisfied 
 64 

We identify enforceable revenue contracts when the terms are agreed to by the customer. Some of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. We determine the standalone selling prices based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the products sold, and the number and types of users within our contracts. 
 Revenue is recognized as performance obligations are satisfied and is presented net of sales allowances. 
 We derive our revenues from the following sources: 
 Subscription Revenue 
 Subscription revenue consists of time-based job posting plans, upsells which complement or expand visibility and prominence to job posting plans, and resume database plans. Plans are priced at a flat rate based on plan size and whether the plan is for a daily, monthly, or annual term. Customer contracts are typically subject to renewal at the end of the subscription term and are nonrefundable. 
 Time-based job posting plans : Job posting plans provide customers access to cloud-based software services, where they may create job postings that are posted to our marketplace in addition to numerous other job sites or partner networks with job seeker communities. Customers may also access our software to review job applications and manage job postings. We recognize revenue from job posting plans ratably over the term of the agreement beginning on the date the subscription service is made available to the customer. Once a customer requests a cancellation of their subscription, the open job postings are closed at the end of the term; however, the customer may still access the software to review past job postings or prior applications received under a separate upsell subscription. Job posting plans are billed in advance of the subscription period, which typically ranges from one to twelve months, except for daily subscription plans, which are billed in arrears based on how many days the customer uses the services. 
 Upsell services : Additional features to complement or expand visibility to job posting plans may be purchased as an upsell service. For these services, we bill the customers in advance and recognize revenue ratably over the term of the agreement beginning on the date the upsell services are made available to the customer, which typically ranges from one to twelve months. 
 Upsell services also include job posting enhancements which are applied to individual job postings. Such services enhance job postings by providing customers with a temporary boost in the prominence of their open jobs, expanding visibility to job postings by inviting strong fit potential candidates to apply to the job, or highlighting key attributes of job postings to make them stand out to job seekers. Individual job posting enhancements may be purchased by a customer when needed, or in recurring monthly prepaid bundles to complement their job posting subscription plan, and are billed in advance of use. Typically these prepaid bundles can be used over a period ranging from one to twelve months. Revenue from job posting enhancements is recognized as the customer uses the enhancement on their job postings. Unused prepaid job enhancements are not refundable, and we recognize revenue for the estimated portion of prepaid job enhancements that are expected to expire unused, or breakage, based on estimates considering historical breakage levels for upsell plans. Breakage is recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of actual usage by customers. 
 Resume database plans : Access to our resume database is purchased on a subscription basis and allows a customer to search for and view resumes. Resume database plans are priced based on how many resumes the customer would like to view in a month and may be purchased independent of, or in addition to, a job posting plan. Resume database plans are billed in advance of the subscription period, which typically ranges from one to twelve months. Revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 65 

Performance-based Revenue 
 Performance-based revenue consists of customers who pay on a per click by job applicant or per job application basis for the job postings customers wish to distribute through our software. Customers pay an amount per click or per application that is usually capped at a contractual maximum per recruitment campaign, with campaigns typically lasting from one to three months. Customers on this pricing model do not have access to our applicant tracking software for subscription customers though they may purchase resume database subscription plans separately. Customers that use performance-based revenue plans are typically companies with consistent hiring needs and sophisticated recruitment campaigns where they manage incoming applications and job postings on their own ATSs. 
 Performance-based revenue is typically billed monthly, in arrears, and revenue is recognized as job applicants click on or apply to the distributed job postings, up to the contractual maximum per recruitment campaign. 
 Sales Allowance 
 We establish a sales allowance to estimate refunds and credits that we may grant to customers in the future for cancellations of subscriptions and concessions to customers who are not satisfied with services received. While subscriptions are noncancelable once the contract term has commenced, we may at times allow customers who miss their cancellation window prior to an autorenewal to cancel their contract, and we may issue refunds or credits to maintain overall customer satisfaction. The sales allowance is estimated by considering historical results and trends and is accounted for as a reduction to revenue or deferred revenue for contracts where payments are received upfront and revenue is recognized over time. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Compensation expense related to stock-based awards is measured and recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value of the awards granted. The fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase right associated with our Employee Stock Purchase Plan is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We have elected to treat stock-based awards with graded vesting schedules and time-based service conditions as a single award and recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period . 
 For awards that contain both performance and service vesting conditions, the grant date fair value is recognized as compensation expense using a graded vesting attribution model. No expense is recognized for awards with performance conditions until the performance condition is probable of being met. 
 The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires us to make certain assumptions including: 
 Fair Value of our Common Stock. See the section titled Determination of the Fair Value of Common Stock on Grant Dates below. 
 Expected Term. Given that we do not have sufficient exercise history to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior, we determine the expected term for our plain vanilla stock options using the simplified method, which is calculated as the midpoint of the stock option vesting term and the expiration date of the stock option. For stock options that contain a performance condition, we are using the contractual term as the expected term as those awards were only granted to nonemployees. 
 Expected Volatility. Because our common stock has limited trading history, we estimate the expected volatility of the awards from the historical volatility of selected public companies that represent similar but alternative investment opportunities to an investment in us. Characteristics considered in identifying guideline public companies include similarity in size, lines of business, market capitalization, revenue and financial leverage. We determined the expected volatility assumption using the frequency of daily 
 66 

historical prices of comparable public company common stock for a period equal to the expected term of the option. We periodically assess the comparable companies and other relevant factors used to measure expected volatility for stock option grants. 
 Risk-free Rate. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on the U.S. government securities appropriate for the expected term of our employee stock options. 
 Dividend Yield. The dividend yield assumption is based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 The determination of stock-based compensation is inherently uncertain and subjective and involves the application of valuation models and assumptions requiring the use of judgment. If we had made different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 may have been significantly different. 
 Determination of the Fair Value of Common Stock on Grant Dates 
 Prior to the completion of our Direct Listing on May 26, 2021, our common stock was not publicly traded, and therefore, our board of directors exercised significant judgment in determining the fair value of our common stock on the date of each stock-based grant, with input from management and the assistance from an independent third-party valuation firm based on several objective and subjective factors. The valuations of our common stock were determined in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . In determining the fair market value of our common stock prior to the Direct Listing, the board of directors considered the following: 
 the prices of our redeemable convertible preferred stock sold to outside investors in arms-length transactions; 
 the rights, preferences and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to our common stock; 
 our operating and financial performance; 
 the present value of our anticipated future cash flows; 
 our stage of development and current business conditions and projections affecting our business, including the introduction of new products and services; 
 the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event for the shares of common stock underlying these stock options, such as an initial public offering or sale of our company, in light of prevailing market conditions; 
 any adjustment necessary to recognize a lack of a liquid trading market for our common stock; 
 the market performance of comparable publicly traded companies; and 
 the overall U.S. economic, regulatory and capital market conditions. 
 In valuing our common stock, our board of directors determined the equity value of our business using various valuation methods including market and income approaches with input from management. 
 The market approaches we used prior to the Direct Listing were the Guideline Public Company Method and the Guideline Transaction Method. The Guideline Public Company Method estimated our equity value by applying a representative market value multiple from comparable companies to our financial forecasts. The Guideline Transaction Method estimated our equity value by using pricing multiples derived from sales of companies with similar characteristics to us. Under the income approach, 
 67 

a Discounted Cash Flow, or DCF, model was used, where net cash flows attributable to our business and an assumed terminal value were discounted to present value using a discount rate, based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital that reflected the risks inherent in the cash flows. 
 After determining our equity value, we then allocated the equity value to our classes of stock using either an Option Pricing Method, or OPM, or a hybrid of OPM and Probability Weighted Expected Return Method, or PWERM. 
 The OPM allocated values to each equity class by creating a series of call options on our equity value, with exercise prices based on the liquidation preferences, participation rights, and strike prices of the equity instruments. In determining the estimated fair value of our common stock, we considered the fact that our stockholders could not freely trade our common stock in the public markets. Accordingly, we also applied a discount for lack of marketability to the equity value. 
 Under the hybrid OPM and PWERM, the allocation was based on the likelihood of a near-term liquidity exit or an alternative exit scenario. For a near-term liquidity scenario, the allocation was based on the expected pricing and timing of the liquidity event. For the alternative exit scenario, an OPM with an appropriate time to liquidity was used to estimate the fair value of the share classes assuming the near-term liquidity scenario does not occur, with the resulting share values under each scenario weighted by management s estimate of their respective probabilities. We also applied a discount for lack of marketability. 
 In valuing our common stock at various dates in 2019 through September 30, 2020, our board of directors determined the equity value of our business using the Guideline Public Company Method and the equity value was then allocated to our classes of stock using an OPM given the uncertainty with regards to the timing and type of future exit scenario. 
 In valuing our common stock as of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, our board of directors determined the equity value of our business using the Guideline Public Company Method, the Guideline Transaction Method, and a DCF. The equity value was then allocated to our classes of stock using the hybrid OPM and PWERM based on management s estimate of the likelihood of a near-term liquidity event or an alternative exit scenario. 
 Application of these approaches involves the use of estimates, judgment, and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding our expected future revenue and costs, future cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies, and the probability of possible future exit events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions impact our valuations as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. 
 For stock awards granted after the completion of our Direct Listing on May 26, 2021, our board of directors determined the fair value of each share of underlying common stock based on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, closing price on the date prior to the date of grant. 
 We have granted RSUs to certain of our employees and directors. RSUs granted prior to our Direct Listing vest upon the satisfaction of both a time-based service condition and a liquidity event requirement. The time-based service condition for these awards is generally satisfied over four years. The liquidity event requirement is satisfied upon the earliest to occur of a qualifying event, defined as a change of control transaction or after a set period of time following the effective date of our initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act for the offer and sale of shares by ZipRecruiter. A direct listing in which we did not sell our equity securities would not have satisfied the liquidity event performance condition; however, on April 19, 2021, our board of directors waived the liquidity event performance condition for the 6.9 million RSUs then outstanding so those that had satisfied the service condition would vest upon the earlier of the first day of trading of our common stock on the NYSE, or March 15, 2022. As the satisfaction of the performance condition was not probable for accounting purposes prior to the waiver, the waiver of the liquidity event-based performance condition 
 68 

resulted in the remeasurement of the modified awards at fair value on the date of the waiver, which management estimated to be 25.04 per share or approximately 172.6 million. 
 Stock-based Compensation for Awards with a Market Condition 
 In April 2021, we granted an RSU award (the CEO Performance Award ), which included service, market, and performance-based vesting conditions. The fair value of the award is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The associated stock-based compensation expense is recorded over the requisite service period, using a graded attribution method. The requisite service period is the longer of the service period derived from the Monte Carlo simulation model and the explicit service period the CEO is required to remain employed to vest in the award. The market condition is satisfied upon achieving certain stock price targets for a period following the completion of our Direct Listing. The CEO Performance Award also contains an implied performance-based vesting condition as the CEO s ability to earn the award was contingent upon the completion of the Direct Listing. Accordingly, no expense was recognized prior to the completion of our Direct Listing on May 26, 2021, as vesting was not considered probable for accounting purposes until the Direct Listing occurred. Provided that Ian Siegel continues to be the CEO of ZipRecruiter, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, regardless of whether the stock price targets are achieved. If the stock price targets are met sooner than the derived service period, we will accelerate the recognition of stock-based compensation expense to reflect the cumulative expense associated with the vested shares. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes . Current tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable, respectively, on the tax returns for the current year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
 We record valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, when necessary. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future taxable earnings and is therefore uncertain. At least quarterly, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax asset balance will be realized against future taxable income. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance against our net deferred tax asset, which increases our income tax expense in the period when such determination is made. During the fourth quarter of 2020, based on the current earnings and forecasted taxable income, we determined that it was more likely than not that those assets will be realized. Accordingly, we released the valuation allowance of 40.0 million against our deferred tax assets. Although we incurred a current year pretax profit and maintain a recent history of cumulative earnings, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a valuation allowance of 12.7 million against the deferred tax asset associated with carried forward California Research and Development Credits as we believe that it is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient California sourced taxable income in future years to utilize that deferred tax asset. 
 On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the probability a tax position will be effectively sustained, and the appropriateness of the amount recognized for uncertain tax positions based on factors including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, settled audit issues and new audit activity. Changes in our assessment may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period our assessment changes. We recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 
 Investments 
 We maintain an investment portfolio of primarily highly rated debt securities and money market mutual funds to manage our excess cash reserves. Our primary objectives in investing our excess cash reserves are to preserve capital, provide sufficient liquidity to satisfy both operational cash flow 
 69 

requirements and potential strategic investment opportunities, and to obtain a reasonable or market rate of return on investments. 
 Our investments are all highly liquid and available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore we classify these securities within current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We consider our highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Investments not considered cash equivalents are classified as marketable securities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We classify and account for our money market mutual funds which have readily determinable fair values as equity securities, and we carry such securities at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported in other income, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. We classify and account for our debt securities as available-for-sale, and we carry such securities at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported net of tax as a separate component of stockholders equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the security is sold or matures. 
 We determine any realized gains and losses on the sale of our available-for-sale debt securities using a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses through other income, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 If an available-for-sale debt security s fair value declines below its amortized cost basis, we evaluate whether we intend to sell the security, or whether we more likely than not will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either condition is met, we record an impairment loss on the security through other income, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. If neither condition is met, we evaluate whether the decline is the result of credit-related factors, in which case we record the credit-related portion of the impairment loss through other income, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations, and record the non-credit-related portion of the impairment loss, net of tax, through other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. 

Becoming a Large Accelerated Filer 
 Prior to December 31, 2022, we met the definition of an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, which permitted us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We elected to use this extended transition period and as a result, our prior financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies. 
 However, as of December 31, 2022, we meet the definition of a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. As a result, we now follow the timeline required for adopting new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies. 
 , 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 Basis of Presentation, Principles of Consolidation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited financial statements included in this report for more information. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include changes in interest rates and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 70 

Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our credit facility which bears a floating interest rate. Because we have no amounts outstanding under the credit facility, we are not currently exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 We are also subject to interest rate risk in connection with the senior unsecured notes. As the interest rate on these senior unsecured notes is subject to a fixed percentage, we do not have significant financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates pertaining to our senior unsecured notes. 
 Lastly, we are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our investments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity, and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair value of our investments. To minimize interest rate risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities in a variety of securities, including commercial market, money market mutual funds, U.S. government and agency securities, and corporate debt securities. To assess interest rate risk associated with our investment portfolio, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the portfolio. Based on investment positions as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 basis points across all maturities would result in a 1.3 million decrease in the fair value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange risk related primarily to expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the Canadian Dollar, British Pound, and Israeli New Shekel. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. We have experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains and losses related to the remeasurement of our asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. A hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 ZIPRECRUITER, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 79 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 80 

72 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ZipRecruiter, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance 
 73 

of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total revenue was 904.6 million, of which the Company had subscription revenue of 696.3 million and performance-based revenue of 208.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Subscription revenue consists of time-based job posting plans, upsell services which complement or expand visibility and prominence to job posting plans, and resume database plans. Plans are priced at a flat rate based on plan size and term and subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period. Contracts are only cancelable at the end of the term and are nonrefundable. Performance-based revenue consists of customers who pay on a per click by job applicant or per job application basis for the job postings they wish to distribute through the Company s software. Customers pay an amount per click or per application that is usually capped at a contractual maximum per recruitment campaign, with campaigns typically lasting from one to three months. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness, accuracy and occurrence of revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including customer order information, and related customer contracts, invoices, evidence of performance, and cash receipts, as applicable, as well as recalculating the related revenue recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2022 and obtaining and inspecting source documents, including invoices, evidence of performance, and cash receipts, where applicable, for confirmations not returned. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 74 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred commissions, current portion Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Internal use software, net Deferred commissions, net of current portion Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued interest Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, current portion Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Long-term borrowings Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 Stockholders' equity Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class B treasury stock, shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income Less: Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities ) ) Net income attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders Net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Change in unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities ) Total other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands) 

 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Class B Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Series A Series B Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) ) Cumulative-effect of accounting change adopted as of January 1, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Capital contribution ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock ) ) ) ) Conversion of convertible notes with related parties to common stock Conversion of Class B stock to Class A stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Vesting of early exercised options Issuance of common stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSU s Stock-based compensation Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Conversion of Class B stock to Class A stock ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Issuance of common stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs Vesting of early exercised options Stock-based compensation Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Provision for bad debts Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Non-cash lease expense Amortization and accretion of marketable securities ) Other Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Deferred commissions, net ) ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Accrued interest Deferred revenue ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized internal-use software costs ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) Sales of marketable securities Paydowns, maturities, and redemptions of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Payment of issuance costs for credit facility ) Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Payment of senior unsecured notes issuance fees ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments of tax withholdings on net settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from term loan Repayment of term loan ) Proceeds from revolving line Repayment of revolving line ) Proceeds from convertible notes with related parties Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Income taxes paid Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities Capitalized assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Stock-based compensation capitalized for software In-transit proceeds from exercise of stock options Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease Decrease (increase) in operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability due to lease modification ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest with related parties 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 million outstanding shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series A preferred stock and all million outstanding shares of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B preferred stock converted into million shares of Class B common stock. On May 26, 2021, the Company s convertible notes with related parties converted into million shares of Class B common stock. 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and have been recorded in general and administrative expenses. 

2. 
 
 Foreign Currency Remeasurement 
 Net foreign transaction gains/losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 80 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Segments and Geographic Information 
 Revenue is attributed to geographic regions based on locations where services are provided to the Company s customers. Foreign countries outside of the United States, in aggregate, accounted for less than of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, property and equipment and operating lease ROU assets outside of the United States were not material. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 81 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 82 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Recorded as a reduction to revenue Recorded as a reduction to deferred revenue Utilization of allowance for refunds and credits ) ) ) Sales allowance, at end of year 
 Of the total sales allowance balance of million at December 31, 2022, million was presented net of accounts receivable and million was presented within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Of the total sales allowance balance of million at December 31, 2021, million was presented net of accounts receivable and million was presented within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount netted against accounts receivable represents estimated future credits expected to be granted to customers who had not yet paid for services as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the amount included in accrued expenses represents estimated refunds expected to be granted to customers who had already paid. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Advertising expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 83 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million of prepaid advertising costs included in prepaid expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Research and Development 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 84 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 discount through payroll deductions of their eligible compensation, subject to certain plan limitations. The ESPP provides for offering periods beginning February and August of each year. On each purchase date, eligible employees purchase the Company s stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on (i) the offering date or (ii) the purchase date. 
 The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to its ESPP on a straight-line basis over the offering period. 
 Net Share Settlement 
 In October 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a net share settlement approach for satisfaction of tax withholding obligations in connection with settlement of taxes for RSUs, and exercises of non-qualified stock options, at the Company s discretion. As a result, the Company currently withholds shares upon vesting of RSUs, and the withheld shares are immediately canceled. The Company has presented Shares withheld related to net share settlement in its Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) as a reduction, separate from the total number of shares issued upon vesting and settlement. The Company has not withheld any 
 85 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Income Taxes 
 
 Investments 
 million with associated tax benefit. The Company held investments in available-for-sale debt securities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 The Company determines any realized gains and losses on the sale of its available-for-sale debt securities using a specific identification method, and it records such gains and losses through other 
 86 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in proceeds related to sales of its available-for-sale debt securities. Because the Company first purchased these investments during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, it did not reclassify any net amounts out of beginning accumulated other comprehensive loss into other income, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 If an available-for-sale debt security s fair value declines below its amortized cost basis, the Company evaluates whether it intends to sell the security, or whether it more likely than not will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either condition is met, the Company records an impairment loss on the security through other income, net in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. If neither condition is met, the Company evaluates whether the decline is the result of credit-related factors, in which case the Company records the credit-related portion of the impairment loss through other income, net in its Consolidated Statement of Operations, and records the non-credit-related portion of the impairment loss, net of tax, through other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 and of the Company's outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company closely monitors the financial condition of the foregoing customer, which has been in good credit standing. No other customer individually accounted for 10 or more of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As such, the Company does not consider the concentration of its accounts receivable to be a material risk. There were no customers that individually represented 10 or more of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The Company uses third parties to collect its credit card receivables and believes risk related to its credit card processors is minimal. 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 87 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was million, million, and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was recorded net within accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Property and Equipment 
 for computer hardware and software and for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life. Costs of maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in loss from operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Leases 
 Internal-Use Software 
 
 88 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . Amortization of internal-use software costs associated with the Company s marketplace technology to provide services to its customers is recorded in cost of revenue. Amortization of internal-use software costs associated with internal databases, candidate insights, and reporting are recorded in research and development and general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization of these costs is allocated in the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the nature of the underlying projects. 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 There were impairment charges related to long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Goodwill 
 reporting unit. 
 In testing for goodwill impairment, the Company has an option to first make an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, it is determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then additional impairment testing is not required. However, if concluded otherwise, the quantitative impairment test is performed. 
 There were no impairment charges in the periods presented. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On January 12, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of million senior unsecured notes due 2030 in a private placement. The Company includes its senior unsecured notes, net of debt issuance costs, within long-term borrowings in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company accounts for the debt issuance costs incurred related to the senior unsecured notes using the effective interest method, under which the debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense until the applicable maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a carrying amount of approximately million of debt issuance costs related to the senior unsecured notes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in interest expense related to the senior unsecured notes with an effective interest rate of . Such interest expense includes million 
 89 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 The Company may repurchase shares of common stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, or pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 plans. For more information on the Company s share repurchase program, please see Note 13. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 90 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

3. 
 
 91 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Less: Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities ) ) Net income attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding Net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic 
 92 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Add: Reallocation of net income attributable to participating securities Interest on convertible notes with related parties, net of tax Net income attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock Convertible notes with related parties Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Unvested early exercise common stock Weighted average shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding, diluted Net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, diluted 
 93 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unvested restricted stock units Convertible notes with related parties, if converted basis Employee stock purchase plan Total shares excluded from diluted net income per share 

4. 
 million, million, and million of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, that were included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had contract assets. 
 Deferred Commissions 
 based on an analysis of historical data and other qualitative factors, such as new product offerings, the seasonality of certain customer relationships and estimated useful life of the Company s marketplace technology. Amortization expense is included within sales and marketing expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, amortization expense for deferred sales commissions was million, million, and million, respectively. There was impairment to capitalized deferred commissions in the periods presented. 
 94 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 streams: subscription revenue and performance-based revenue. 
 Performance-based Total revenue 
 Performance Obligations 
 revenue was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 

5. 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Total internal-use software, net 
 Amortization expense for internal-use software for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 95 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 Total future amortization expense 

7. 
 Accrued marketing Accrued partner expenses Accrued commissions Accrued non-income taxes Accrued refunds and customer liabilities Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 
 s 
 
 8 . 
 million and had a maturity date of June 22, 2023. 
 The principal and accrued interest balance of the Convertible Notes was automatically convertible into common stock upon a Direct Listing with a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) of the volume-weighted average price of the common stock on the first trading day following such listing and (ii) . 
 On May 26, 2021, the principal and accrued contractual interest balance of the Convertible Notes was million, which converted into million shares of Class B common stock at a conversion price of per share. 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 On September 2, 2020 the Company executed an amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement ), which increased the amount available under the credit facility outstanding at the time (the prior credit facility from million to million, changed the maturity date of the prior credit facility to September 2, 2022 and modified the interest rate on the prior credit facility to be the floating per annum rate equal to the greater of (i) above the bank s Prime Rate, and (ii) . The prior credit facility was terminated in April 2021 and replaced with a new credit facility as described further below. Total interest 
 96 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks. The credit facility has a maturity date of April 30, 2026 and bears interest at a rate based upon the Company s Net Leverage Ratio. The Company s Net Leverage Ratio is defined as total debt less total cash and permitted investments outstanding at period end, with a maximum total cash and permitted investments adjustment of million, divided by the trailing 12 months of earnings, adjusted for items such as non-cash expenses and other nonrecurring transactions. The Company is also obligated to pay other customary fees including a commitment fee on a quarterly basis based on amounts committed but unused under the credit facility at a rate between to , depending on the Company s Net Leverage Ratio. 
 The credit facility is collateralized by security interests in substantially all of the Company s assets and includes customary events of default such as non-payment of principal, non-payment of interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of certain covenants, cross default to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments against the Company, and a change of control. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the credit facility. 
 The credit facility agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements, negative covenants, and financial covenants, such as maintenance of certain net leverage ratio requirements. The negative covenants include restrictions that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to incur liens and indebtedness, make certain investments, declare dividends, dispose of, transfer or sell assets, make stock repurchases and consummate certain other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. 
 On November 19, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and the lenders named therein (the Credit Agreement ), to amend certain other provisions under the Credit Agreement relating to how letters of credit denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars are valued under the Credit Agreement. 
 On January 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment with a syndicate of banks and the lenders named therein. The Second Amendment increased the maximum amount of liquidity (including cash and permitted investments) that may be netted against the Company s total indebtedness from million to million for purposes of calculating the Company s total Net Leverage Ratio under the Credit Agreement. 
 On April 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the administrative agent to clarify the amounts to be held with the administrative agent. 
 The Company had amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement and was in compliance with the financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. The amount available under the credit facility as of December 31, 2022 was million, which is the credit limit less letters of credit outstanding of million. 
 Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On January 12, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of million senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the Notes in a private placement. The Notes and the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of January 12, 2022 (the Indenture between the Company and the trustee. Pursuant to the Indenture, the Notes will mature on January 15, 
 97 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per year. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. Unpaid amounts are included within accrued interest in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Indenture contains certain customary negative covenants, including but not limited to, limitations on the incurrence of debt, liens, consolidations or mergers, and asset sales. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. 
 At its sole discretion, the Company has the option to redeem all or a part of the Notes as follows: 
 (i) At any time prior to January 15, 2025, the Company may redeem all or part of the Notes, at its option, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium as defined in the Indenture, and any accrued and unpaid interest, if any; 
 (ii) Prior to January 15, 2025, the Company has the option to redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes from net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus any accrued and unpaid interest; and 
 (iii) 
 2026 2027 and thereafter 
 Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the Indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, and any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Company includes its Notes, net of debt issuance costs, within long-term borrowings in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company accounts for the debt issuance costs incurred related to the Notes using the effective interest method, under which the debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense until the applicable maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a carrying amount of approximately million of debt issuance costs related to the Notes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in interest expense related to the Notes with an effective interest rate of . Such interest expense includes million related to the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 
 9. 
 million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, and further commitments for 2026 and beyond. 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. If the Company determines that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the Company will record a liability. However, if the Company determines that a 
 98 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 t accrued a liability for these indemnification arrangements because the likelihood of incurring a payment obligation, if any, in connection with these indemnification arrangements is neither probable nor reasonably estimable. 
 Non-income Taxes 
 The Company collects and remits sales and use, value added, and other taxes non-income taxes relating to the sale of the Company s services in various jurisdictions. The Company accrues non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any anticipated negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If the Company determines that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, then the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from the Company s expectations. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized a benefit of million and an expense of million, respectively, in non-income tax expense recorded in general and administrative expense. 
 Restructuring 
 On March 31, 2020, the Company announced and committed to a restructuring plan to contain costs and further strengthen its liquidity profile in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This plan resulted in a reduction in the Company s workforce of approximately . The Company recorded restructuring costs of million in the first quarter of 2020 primarily related to employee severance and continuation of health benefits. Included in the million restructuring costs is a non-cash charge of million pertaining mainly to the modification of stock option awards for terminated employees. These awards were modified to extend the post-termination exercise period of vested options. Restructuring costs are presented as million in sales and marketing, million in research and development, and million in general and administrative expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company reversed the remaining amounts of million associated with the restructuring costs liability 
 99 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 new costs were recorded during 2022 and 2021. 
 Expense Cash payments ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) Accrual, at end of year 

10. 
 100 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Money market mutual funds U.S. treasury securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2: Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Corporate notes and obligations ) Asset-backed securities ) U.S. agency securities ) Subtotal ) Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities ) 
 The Company did not have any financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021. 
 The fair values of the Company s Level 2 commercial paper and certificates of deposit are determined using quoted prices in markets that are not active or using model-driven valuations employing significant inputs derived from observable market data. The fair values of the Company s Level 2 corporate notes and obligations, asset-backed securities, and U.S. agency securities are determined using an evaluated price based on a compilation of reported market information, such as benchmark yield curves, credit spreads and estimated default rates. 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s remaining financial instruments not discussed in the above table, including accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, approximate fair value because of their short-term maturities, except for the Company s senior unsecured notes which are valued based on quoted prices for the Notes in an inactive market. The value of the Notes represents a Level 2 input in the fair value hierarchy. The aggregate fair value of the Notes as of December 31, 2022 was estimated to be approximately million. 
 Certain assets, including operating leases and goodwill, are also subject to measurement at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 2 or Level 3 inputs, respectively, but only when they are deemed to be impaired. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, material impairments were identified on those assets required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
 Equity Securities 
 The Company s investments in equity securities consist primarily of money market mutual funds. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded material unrealized gains and losses in connection with its money market mutual funds held as of December 31, 2022. The Company had investments in money market mutual funds during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 101 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Due after 1 year through 5 years Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 
 ) Corporate notes and obligations ) U.S. treasury securities ) U.S. agency securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) 
 The Company had no available-for-sale debt securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company did recognize any credit losses for its available-for-sale debt securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company held investments in available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in proceeds related to sales of its available-for-sale debt securities. The Company recorded no material gross realized gains and gross realized losses in its Consolidated Statement of Operations as a result of those sales. 
 
 11. 
 to years. Certain lease agreements contain renewal options, termination rights, rent abatement and/or escalation clauses with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from to years. 
 The Company signed an operating lease on March 2, 2020 with a term of months commencing on August 29, 2020. The execution of the lease resulted in an operating lease ROU asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities of million. The Company had the option to terminate a portion of the leased building Partial Premises on the last day of the th month of the lease term for a fee. The Company was reasonably certain it would exercise the Partial Premises termination option at lease commencement and subsequently exercised this termination option. 
 The Company cannot determine with reasonable certainty that any other options will be exercised and therefore only the Partial Premises termination option is considered when recording the Company s operating lease ROU assets, operating lease liabilities or lease expense. 
 102 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 The Company made cash payments for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities of million, million, and million, net of tenant improvement allowances received of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 years years years Weighted-average incremental borrowing rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 

12. 
 billion shares consisting of million shares of Class A common stock, million shares of Class B common stock, and million shares of preferred stock all with a par value per share of . 
 The Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share and the Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. The Class A and Class B common stock have the same dividend and liquidation rights. The Class B common stock converts to Class A common stock at any time at the option of the holder. Additionally, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, except for certain transfers described in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 103 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million shares of Class B common stock. 
 
 13. 
 million of outstanding shares of its common stock pursuant to a new share repurchase program (the Program ). Additionally, the Company s board of directors authorized increases to the Program of million and million, in June 2022 and November 2022, respectively, which resulted in a total of million of outstanding shares of its common stock authorized to be repurchased under the Program. 
 The Company may repurchase shares of common stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, or pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 plans. The Program has no expiration date and will continue until otherwise suspended, terminated, or modified at any time for any reason by the board of directors. 
 The Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase shares of common stock. There is no minimum or maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the Program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other investment opportunities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, and prior to entering into a new accelerated share repurchase agreement in December 2022 (the December ASR , as discussed below), the Company completed repurchases of million shares of its Class A common stock for million under the share repurchase program, including million shares of its Class A common stock delivered under accelerated share repurchase agreements which were completed in the year, totaling million, million shares of its Class A common stock delivered under a Rule 10b5-1 plan totaling million, and million shares of its Class A common stock totaling million through open market purchases. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into the December ASR with a major financial institution, to repurchase an aggregate of million in shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The Company made a payment of million and received an initial delivery of million shares, which represented million (or of the December ASR. The payment of million was recognized in additional paid-in capital in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) in December 2022. The final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on the volume-weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock during the term of the December ASR, net of fees. The final settlement of the December ASR will occur during the first quarter of 2023. 
 Approximately million remains available for future repurchases of the Company s common stock under the Company s share repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. 
 104 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 14. 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 2012 and 2014 Equity Incentive Plans 
 Prior to adoption of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), the Company granted awards under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan or 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan , and together with the 2012 Plan , the Prior Plans ). All awards currently are granted from the 2021 Plan. However, the Prior Plans continue to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards previously granted under the 2012 Plan and 2014 Plan. 
 The Prior Plans permitted the grant of incentive stock options to employees and the grant of non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock awards, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance units and performance shares to the Company s employees, directors and consultants at the sole discretion of the board of directors. The Prior Plans also allowed for the administrator of the plan to include terms in an award agreement that the option holder may exercise in whole or part of the option prior to the full vesting of those options. 
 Under the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all outstanding options to purchase common stock became options to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock and all RSUs became RSUs for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock under the Prior Plans. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In April 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Plan, which became effective on May 14, 2021 in connection with the Direct Listing. The 2021 Plan permits the grant of incentive stock options to employees and the grant of non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock awards, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance shares and stock bonus awards to the Company s employees, directors, and consultants. Under the 2021 Plan, million shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance. The number of shares initially reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan will be increased by (i) (a) any reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding awards granted under the Prior Plans that cease to be subject to such awards by forfeiture or otherwise after the effective date, (b) shares issued under the Prior Plans before or after the effective date pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are, after the effective date, forfeited, (c) shares issued under the Prior Plans that are repurchased by the Company at the original purchase price or are otherwise forfeited, and (d) shares that are subject to stock options or other awards under the Prior Plans that are used to pay the exercise price of a stock option or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award and (ii) an annual increase on January 1st of each year beginning in 2022 through 2031, by the lesser of (a) of the number of shares of all classes of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding on December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (b) such number of shares determined by the board of directors. Under the 2021 Plan, as of December 31, 2022, million shares of Class A common stock were authorized, of which million shares of Class A common stock were available for future issuance. 
 105 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 offering and purchase periods beginning February 15 and August 15 of each year. The Company has initially reserved million shares of its Class A common stock for issuance and sale under the ESPP. On January 1 of each of year, 2022 through 2031, the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP shall be increased automatically by the number of shares equal to of the total number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock and shares of preferred stock of the Company (on an as converted to common stock basis) on the immediately preceding December 31; provided that the board of directors or compensation committee may in its sole discretion reduce the amount of the increase in any particular year. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of Class A common stock were authorized of which million shares of Class A common stock were available for future issuance. 
 The ESPP allows eligible employees the option to purchase shares of the Company's Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of their eligible compensation, subject to certain plan limitations. On each purchase date, eligible employees can purchase the Company s Class A common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on (i) the offering date or (ii) the purchase date. The purchase date is the last day of any concurrent offering and purchase period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million shares of Class A common stock were purchased under the ESPP for an aggregate amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of Class A common stock were purchased under the ESPP. 
 For the ESPP, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense that is expected to be recognized over the remaining term of the offering period ending on February 14, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a liability of million related to the accumulated payroll deductions, which are refundable to employees who withdraw from the ESPP. This amount is included within accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the Prior Plans and the 2021 Plan (collectively, the Plans ), options must be granted with exercise prices not less than the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Options granted generally vest over periods of up to and expire from the grant date. In 2019, the Company amended the terms and conditions of the Israeli Sub-Plan of the 2014 Plan. The Israeli Sub-Plan amendment allows the Company to grant options to Israeli employees or Israeli non-employees 
 106 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 stock options were granted by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 were , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. This intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of each option. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the tax benefit realized from stock option exercises was approximately million. 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Fair value of common stock 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for stock option awards of million, million and million, respectively, under the Plans. As of December 31, 2022, total remaining stock-based compensation expense for unvested stock options is million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company has granted RSUs to certain employees and directors of the Company. RSUs granted prior to the Company s Direct Listing vest upon the satisfaction of both a time-based service condition and a liquidity event requirement. The time-based service condition for these awards is generally satisfied over . The liquidity event requirement is satisfied upon the earliest to occur of a qualifying event, defined as a change of control transaction or after a set period of time following the effective date of the Company s initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act for the offer and sale of shares by the Company. A direct listing in which the Company did not sell its equity securities would not have satisfied the liquidity event performance condition; however, on April 19, 2021, the Company s board of directors waived the liquidity event performance condition for the million RSUs then outstanding so those that had satisfied the service condition would vest upon the 
 107 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per share or approximately million. 
 On April 19, 2021, the Company also granted the CEO Performance Award, which provides for a grant of million RSUs. The CEO Performance Award consists of vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based on achieving stock price targets ranging from per share to per share, which is calculated as the volume-weighted average over a -day trading window following the first day the Company becomes a publicly traded company, as well as satisfying certain minimum service requirements of one to . The award expires after the grant date. 
 2 3 4 5 
 The Company estimated the grant date fair value of this award using a model based on multiple stock price paths developed through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation. A Monte Carlo simulation model also was used to estimate a derived service period for each of the vesting tranches, which is the measure of the expected time to achieve each of the stock price targets. The various assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation included an expected dividend yield of , expected term of , estimated volatility of , and a risk-free interest rate of . Using these inputs, the weighted average grant date fair value was estimated to be per share. The weighted average derived service period of each tranche was estimated to be years and ranged from to years. The Company will recognize aggregate stock-based compensation expense of million over the derived service period of each tranche using a graded attribution method. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to the CEO Performance Award. 
 On September 21, 2021, the Company s former Chief Operating Officer COO resigned and entered into a transition and separation agreement with the Company, whereby all RSUs awarded to the former COO prior to the resignation will continue to vest for a certain period of time. This agreement resulted in modifications to the RSUs and options on the date of the separation agreement. Approximately million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized by the Company 
 108 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2020, as none of the Company s outstanding RSUs vested until completion of the Company s Direct Listing on May 26, 2021. 
 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based RSUs which will be recognized by the second quarter of 2028 if achievement of the performance condition becomes probable. For the remaining RSUs, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2022 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

15. 
 ) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 109 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 State and local Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 ) State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign rate differential ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) Transaction costs Officers compensation limitation Non-deductible expenses Tax credits ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Return to provision ) ) ) Other Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 110 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Stock-based compensation Accrued expenses Tax credit carryforwards Capitalized development Operating lease liabilities Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Intangible assets and goodwill ) ) Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) Deferred commissions ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 The Company regularly assesses the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as prescribed by ASC 740, Income Taxes . In making that assessment, the Company considers both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets to determine, based on the weight of available evidence, which includes historical operating performance and the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future, whether it is more likely than not that some or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As a result of the Company s profitability in 2020 and estimates of future taxable income, the Company determined that it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be realized, and accordingly, released the valuation allowance of million against the deferred tax assets during 2020. Although the Company incurred a current year pretax profit and maintains a recent history of cumulative earnings, during the year ended December 31, 2022, it recorded a valuation allowance of million against the deferred tax asset associated with carried forward California Research and Development Credits as the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will not generate sufficient California sourced taxable income in future years to utilize that deferred tax asset. 
 Increase in valuation allowance recorded through earnings Release of valuation allowance recorded through earnings ) Increase in valuation allowance recorded through other comprehensive income Valuation allowance, at end of year 
 111 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 gross U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards, and million of gross state operating loss carryforwards, of which million of the state operating loss carryforwards carryforward indefinitely. The remaining gross state operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 will expire at various dates beginning in the year ending December 31, 2029, if not utilized. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had gross U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards of million, and gross state operating loss carryforwards of million. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. federal credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, and state credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. These amounts differ from the listing of deferred taxes above due to the federal detriment of state benefits, and unrecognized tax benefits recorded against the deferred tax. The federal credit carryforwards will begin to expire at various dates beginning in 2040 while the majority of gross state credit carryforwards are not subject to expiration. 
 Utilization of net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation provided for in the Internal Revenue Code and similar state codes. Such annual limitation could result in the expiration of net operating loss and credit carryforwards before utilization. The Company does not believe that such limitation rules will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Gross increases - tax positions in prior year Gross increases - tax positions in current year Gross decreases - tax positions in prior year ) Gross decreases - tax positions in current year Unrecognized tax benefit, end of year 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively. If recognized, million of unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits reflected in the consolidated financial statements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The Company believes that any change to the unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months will not be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to taxation in and is regularly audited by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not under audit by the Internal Revenue Service, any state authority, or any material foreign jurisdiction for income taxes for any open years. Due to the Company s net operating loss carryforwards, the Company s domestic income tax returns are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service beginning with tax year 2012 and by state taxing authorities beginning with tax year 2011. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company no longer considers the available cash balances related to undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. 

16. 
 million shares were delivered to the Company. In total, million shares were purchased by the Company under the ASR at a volume-weighted average price of per share, net of fees. 

112 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in 
 113 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 their report which appears in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of calendar year 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of calendar year 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of calendar year 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of calendar year 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of calendar year 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

114 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Filed or Furnished Herewith 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 3.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-40406 3.1 5/17/2021 3.2 Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 001-40406 3.2 5/17/2021 4.1 Form of Class A common stock certificate. 
 S-1 333-255488 4.1 4/23/2021 4.2 Form of Class B common stock certificate. 
 S-8 333-256155 4.6 5/14/2021 4.3 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated April 22, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and certain security holders. 
 S-1 333-255488 4.2 4/23/2021 4.4 Indenture, dated as of January 12, 2022, among ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 8-K 001-40406 4.1 1/12/2022 4.5 Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.4). 
 8-K 001-40406 4.2 1/12/2022 4.6 Description of Registered Securities. 
 10-K 001-40406 4.6 3/03/2022 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.1 4/23/2021 10.2 2012 Stock Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.2 4/23/2021 10.3 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.3 4/23/2021 10.4 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 S-8 333-256155 4.9 5/14/2021 10.5 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.5 4/23/2021 10.6 Offer Letter by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Ian Siegel, dated April 22, 2021. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.6 4/23/2021 
 115 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 10.7 Letter Agreement, effective as of December 15, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Tim Yarbrough. 
 X 10.8 Letter Agreement, effective as of December 15, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Amy Garefis . 
 X 10.9 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.9 4/23/2021 10.10 Office Lease, dated May 16, 2014, by and between Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.10 4/23/2021 10.11 Consent to Sublease Agreement, dated November 14, 2014, by and among Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC, IBISWORLD, and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.11 4/23/2021 10.12 Commercial Lease, dated November 8, 2016, by and between Cousins Fund II Phoenix III, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.12 4/23/2021 10.13 First Amendment to Office Lease, dated May 23, 2017, by and between Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.13 4/23/2021 10.14 First Amendment to Commercial Lease, dated August 31, 2017, by and between Cousins Fund II Phoenix III, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.14 4/23/2021 10.15 Lease Agreement, dated September 30, 2017, between Hudson 604 Arizona, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.15 4/23/2021 10.16 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated December 15, 2017, by and between Hudson 604 Arizona, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.16 4/23/2021 10.17 Sublease Agreement, dated January 31, 2018, between SwitchUp Ltd. and ZipRecruiter Israel Ltd. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.17 4/23/2021 10.18 Second Amendment to Office Lease, dated May 3, 2018, by and between Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC, and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.18 4/23/2021 10.19 Office Lease, dated March 2, 2020, by and between DARED 89 LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.19 4/23/2021 10.20 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 20, 2020, between the Company and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.20 4/23/2021 10.21 Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, granted April 19, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Ian Siegel. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.21 4/23/2021 10.22 Letter Agreement, dated April 22, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Ian Siegel. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.22 4/23/2021 
 116 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 10.23 Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and among ZipRecruiter, Inc., the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.23 4/23/2021 10.24 Third Amendment to Office Lease, dated January 7, 2019, by and between Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC and ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 S-1 333-255488 10.24 4/23/2021 10.25 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 19, 2021, by and among ZipRecruiter, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-K 001-40406 10.25 3/03/2022 10.26 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and among ZipRecruiter, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-40406 10.1 1/12/2022 10.27 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Sub-Plan for Israeli Participants. 
 8-K 001-40406 99.1 9/22/2021 10.28 Letter Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Qasim Saifee. 
 10-K 001-40406 10.28 3/03/2022 10.29 Letter Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and David Travers. 
 10-K 001-40406 10.29 3/03/2022 10.30 Annual Executive Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 001-40406 10.30 3/03/2022 10.31 Sublease Agreement, dated March 2, 2022, between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Lincoln Avenue Capital Management, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-40406 10.2 5/13/2022 10.32 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated April 26, 2022, by and among ZipRecruiter, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 10-Q 001-40406 10.1 8/15/2022 10.33 License Agreement, dated May 17, 2022, between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Moov Technologies Inc. 
 10-Q 001-40406 10.2 8/15/2022 10.34 Termination of Lease Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, between ZipRecruiter, Inc. and Cousins Fund II Phoenix III, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-40406 10.1 11/09/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries. 
 10-K 001-40406 21.1 3/03/2022 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, I ndependent R egistered P ublic A ccounting F irm. 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (see signature page). 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 117 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. X 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Registrant has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 118 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 119 

ZipRecruiter, Inc. 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Santa Monica, California, on February 27, 2023. 
 ZIPRECRUITER, INC. By: 
 /s/ Ian Siegel Ian Siegel 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ryan Sakamoto and Timothy Yarbrough, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Ian Siegel Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 27, 2023 Ian Siegel /s/ Timothy Yarbrough Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 27, 2023 Timothy Yarbrough /s/ Amy Garefis Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Chief People Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 27, 2023 Amy Garefis /s/ Brie Carere Director February 27, 2023 Brie Carere /s/ Yvonne Hao Director February 27, 2023 Yvonne Hao /s/ Cipora Herman Director February 27, 2023 Cipora Herman /s/ Blake Irving Director February 27, 2023 Blake Irving /s/ Eric Liaw Director February 27, 2023 Eric Liaw /s/ Emily McEvilly Director February 27, 2023 Emily McEvilly 
 
 120 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 ex107letteragreement-tim.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

604 Arizona Avenue, Santa Monica, CA 90401 
 
 Timothy Yarbrough via email 
 
 Dear Tim 
 
 This letter agreement amends and restates the offer letter between you and ZipRecruiter, Inc. (the Company ), dated October 14, 2014 (as amended, the Prior Agreement effective as of December 15, 2021. 
 
 Your title as of this date shall be Chief Financial Officer, reporting to the Company s President. 
 
 1. Cash Compensation . In this position, the Company will pay you an annual base salary payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll schedule. Your pay will be periodically reviewed as a part of the Company s regular reviews of compensation. 
 
 2. Employee Benefits . You will continue to be eligible to participate in a number of Company- sponsored benefits to the extent that you comply with the eligibility requirements of each such benefit plan. The Company, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend or terminate its employee benefits at any time, with or without notice. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 3. Termination Benefits . You will continue to be eligible to receive change in control and severance payments and benefits under the Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Severance Agreement between you and the Company, dated as of even date herewith. 
 
 4. Confidentiality Agreement . By signing this letter agreement, you reaffirm the terms and conditions of the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement by and between you and the Company. 
 
 5. No Conflicting Obligations . You understand and agree that by signing this letter agreement, you represent to the Company that your performance will not breach any other agreement to which you are a party and that you have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the Company, enter into any oral or written agreement in conflict with any of the provisions of this letter or the Company s policies. You are not to bring with you to the Company, or use or disclose to any person associated with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any former employer or other person or entity with respect to which you owe an obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company does not need and will not use such information and we will assist you in any way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary information belonging to third parties. Also, we expect you to abide by any obligations to refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise associated with any former employer and suggest that you refrain from having any contact with such persons until such time as any non-solicitation obligation expires. 
 
 6. Outside Activities . You will disclose to the Company in writing any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with the Company. In addition, while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or entity in competing 

Exhibit 10.7 

 with the Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company. 
 
 7. General Obligations . As an employee, you will be expected to continue to adhere to the Company s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty, reliability and respect for all. You will also be expected to continue to comply with the Company s policies and procedures. The Company is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 8. At-Will Employment . Your employment with the Company continues to be for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will continue to be on an at will basis, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company also reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of your employment at any time for any reason. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 9. Withholdings . All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

Exhibit 10.7 

This letter agreement supersedes and replaces any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral, written or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in this letter (other than the Severance Agreement), including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement. This letter will be governed by the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 Very truly yours, ZIPRECRUITER, INC. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
 
 Tim Yarbrough 

s Renata Dionello 
 
 By Renata Dionello Chief People Officer 

s Tim Yarbrough 
 Signature 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Offer Letter 

Exhibit 10.7 

Change in Control and Severance Agreement 
 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement is entered into by and between Timothy Yarbrough (the Executive and ZipRecruiter, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), effective as of December 15, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 1. Term of Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement shall terminate the earlier of the third (3 rd anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date or the date the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination provided however , if a definitive agreement relating to a Change in Control has been signed by the Company on or before the Expiration Date, then this Agreement shall remain in effect through the earlier of 
 
 (a) The date the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than 
 a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, or 
 
 (b) The date the Company has met all of its obligations under this Agreement following a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company due to a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination. 
 
 This Agreement shall renew automatically and continue in effect for three (3) year periods measured from the initial Expiration Date, unless the Company provides Executive notice of non-renewal at least three (3) months prior to the date on which this Agreement would otherwise renew. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 or 3 below, the Company s non-renewal of this Agreement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable. 
 
 2. Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 8, and 9 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits 
 
 (a) Severance Benefits. The Company shall pay the Executive six (6) months of his her monthly base salary and a portion of his her annual target bonus corresponding to 100 achievement of target, prorated for the actual portion of the performance period during which Executive was employed (in each case, at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Qualifying Termination). The Executive will receive his or her severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60 th day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied. 
 
 (b) Continued Employee Benefits. If Executive timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), the Company shall pay the full amount of Executive s COBRA premiums on behalf of the Executive for the Executive s continued coverage under the Company s health, dental and vision plans, including coverage for the Executive s eligible dependents, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Executive s Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect to provide Executive, in lieu of any portion of such continued coverage, taxable installment payments equal in amount to the applicable premiums in effect as of Executive s Separation for the remainder of the COBRA continuation period provided that , Executive shall have no right to an additional gross-up payment to account for the fact that such COBRA premium amounts are paid on an after-tax basis. 
 
 3. CIC Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a CIC Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 8, and 9 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits 
 
 (a) Severance Payments. The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive twelve (12) months of his her monthly base salary and a portion of his her annual target bonus corresponding to 100 achievement of target, in each case, at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Separation. Such payment shall be 

Exhibit 10.7 

 paid in a cash lump sum payment in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60 th day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following a Qualifying Termination, then, provided that such Qualifying Termination followed a Potential Change of Control, then in addition to any prior payments under Section 2(a), Executive shall receive an additional payment in order to provide the benefits described in this Section 3(a). 
 
 (b) Equity. Each of Executive s then outstanding Equity Awards, other than awards that vest on the satisfaction of performance criteria, shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as to 100 of the total shares underlying such Equity Awards. As to outstanding Equity Awards that would vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria, such awards shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as if such awards had been achieved at the greater of (x) actual achievement (if measurable on the date of Executive s Separation) or (y) target levels provided, however, that the Company may specify, in any individual Equity Award agreement, that the acceleration provisions of such award agreement shall specifically overwrite the acceleration provisions set forth herein. Subject to Section 4, the accelerated vesting described above shall be effective as of the Separation. For the avoidance of doubt, in order to give effect to the acceleration contemplated by this Section 3(b), each of Executive s outstanding Equity Awards shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest (solely pursuant to the terms of this Section 3(b)) for a period of three (3) months following a Qualifying Termination in order to give effect to this Section 3(b). 
 
 (c) COBRA Pay in Lieu of Continued Employee Benefits. Continuation of COBRA or a cash benefit, in both cases on the same terms as set forth in Section 2(b) above, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Executive s Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer. 
 
 4. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the benefits under Section 2 and 3 shall not apply unless the Executive (i) has executed a general release (in a form prescribed by the Company) of all known and unknown claims that he or she may then have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company and such release has become effective and 
 (ii) has agreed not to prosecute any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations (this document effecting the foregoing, the Release ). The Company will deliver the form of Release to the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s Separation. The Executive must execute and return the Release within the time period specified in the form and in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the date of Executive s Separation. 

Exhibit 10.7 

5. Accrued Compensation and Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 and 3 above, in connection with any termination of employment (whether or not a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay Executive s earned but unpaid base salary and other vested but unpaid cash entitlements for the period through and including the termination of employment, including unreimbursed documented business expenses incurred by Executive through and including the date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation and Expenses ), as required by law and the applicable Company plan or policy. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to any other vested benefits earned by Executive for the period through and including the termination date of Executive s employment under any other employee benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the Company, in accordance with the terms of such plans and arrangements, except as modified herein. 
 
 6. Definitions. 
 
 (a) The term Cause means the occurrence of any of the following events, as reasonably 
 determined by the Company 
 
 (i) Executive's willful or continued failure to substantially perform his her duties for the Company, or to carry out the business plan, as determined by the Board provided that a failure to achieve quantified goals or objectives despite good faith performance of duties shall not be deemed a Cause event under this subjection (i) 
 
 (ii) Executive's conviction of a felony, or his her guilty plea to, or entry of, a nolo contendere plea to a felony charge 
 
 (iii) the willful or grossly negligent engaging by Executive in conduct that is materially injurious to the Company, financially or otherwise or 
 
 (iv) Executive's material breach of any term of the Company's policies and procedures, as in effect from time to time 
 
 provided that with respect to (iv) above, such termination for Cause shall only be effective after notice to Executive and a period of not less than seven (7) calendar days during which time Executive shall have an opportunity to demonstrate that Executive has cured the conduct that constitutes Cause provided further, that the foregoing opportunity to cure shall not apply if the Company reasonably determines Executive's conduct is not capable of being cured. 
 
 (b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (c) Change in Control . For all purposes under this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean a Corporate Transaction, as such term is defined in the Plan, provided that the transaction (including any series of transactions) also qualifies as a change in control event under U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 
 (d) CIC Qualifying Termination means a Separation (A) within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control or (B) within three (3) months preceding a Change in Control (but as to part (B), only if the Separation occurs after a Potential Change in Control) resulting, in either case (A) or (B), from (i) the Company terminating the Executive s employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his or her employment for Good Reason. A termination or resignation due to the Executive s 

Exhibit 10.7 

death or disability shall not constitute a CIC Qualifying Termination. A Potential Change in Control means the date of execution of a legally binding and definitive agreement for a corporate transaction which, if consummated, would constitute the applicable Change in Control (which for the avoidance of doubt, would include a merger agreement, but not a term sheet for a merger agreement). In the case of a termination following a Potential Change in Control and before a Change in Control, solely for purposes of benefits under this Agreement, the date of Separation will be deemed the date the Change in Control is consummated. 
 
 (e) Equity Awards means all options to purchase shares of Company common stock, as well as all other stock-based awards granted to the Executive, including, but not limited to, stock bonus awards, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights. 
 
 (f) Good Reason means, without the Executive s consent, (i) a material reduction in the Executive s level of responsibility and or scope of authority in a manner that disproportionately adversely affects the Executive, as compared to all other Company officers, provided , however that the unilateral change, by a surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent) in the Executive s title and duties to a position that is comparable in salary with respect to the acquired or surviving entity or a division or unit thereof created out of the Company or its assets (whether it becomes a subsidiary, unit or division) to the Executive s current position shall not constitute Good Reason, (ii) a material reduction in Executive s base salary (other than in connection with a general decrease in the salary of all similarly situated employees or to the extent necessary to make Executive s salary commensurate with those of other employees of the Company or its successor entity or parent entity who are similarly situated with Executive following a Change in Control), or 
 (iii) a relocation of Executive s principal workplace that increases Executive s one-way commute by at least 40 miles. For the Executive to receive the benefits under this Agreement as a result of a voluntary resignation under this subsection (e), all of the following requirements must be satisfied (1) the Executive must provide notice to the Company of his or her intent to assert Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of one or more of the conditions set forth in subclauses (i) through (iii) (2) the Company will have thirty (30) days from the date of such notice to remedy the condition and, if it does so, the Executive may withdraw his or her resignation or may resign with no benefits and (3) any termination of employment under this provision must occur within ten (10) days of the earlier of expiration of the thirty day company cure period or written notice from the Company that it will not undertake to cure the condition. Should the Company remedy the condition as set forth above and then one or more of the conditions arises again within twelve months following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive may assert Good Reason again subject to all of the conditions set forth herein. 
 
 (g) Plan means the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 (h) Release Conditions mean the following conditions (i) Company has received the Executive s executed Release and (ii) any rescission period applicable to the Executive s executed Release has expired (without Executive having rescinded the executed Release). 
 
 (i) Qualifying Termination means a Separation that is not a CIC Qualifying Termination, but which results from (i) the Company terminating the Executive s employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his or her employment 

Exhibit 10.7 

for Good Reason. A termination or resignation due to the Executive s death or disability 
 shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination. 
 
 (j) Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 7. Successors. 
 
 (a) Company s Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets, by an agreement in substance and form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Company s business and or assets or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law. 
 
 (b) Executive s Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 
 8. Golden Parachute Taxes. 
 
 (a) Best After-Tax Result. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payments would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this subsection (a), be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, any successor provisions, or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise tax Excise Tax ), then, subject to the provisions of Section 8, such Payments shall be either 
 (A) provided in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, or (B) provided as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Payments being subject to the Excise Tax Reduced Amount ), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes and the Excise Tax (including, without limitation, any interest or penalties on such taxes), results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made by independent tax counsel designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive Independent Tax Counsel ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required under this Section, Independent Tax Counsel may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code provided that Independent Tax Counsel shall assume that Executive pays all taxes at the highest marginal rate. The Company and Executive shall furnish to Independent Tax Counsel such information and documents as Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs that Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations 

Exhibit 10.7 

contemplated by this Section. In the event that Section 8(a)(ii)(B) above applies, then based on the information provided to Executive and the Company by Independent Tax Counsel, Executive may, in Executive s sole discretion and within thirty (30) days of the date on which Executive is provided with the information prepared by Independent Tax Counsel, determine which and how much of the Payments (including the accelerated vesting of equity compensation awards) to be otherwise received by Executive shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such determination the value (as calculated by Independent Tax Counsel in accordance with the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code) of the amounts payable or distributable to Executive equals the Reduced Amount). If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS determines that any Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, then Section 8(b) hereof shall apply, and the enforcement of Section 8(b) shall be the exclusive remedy to the Company. 
 
 (b) Adjustments. If, notwithstanding any reduction described in Section 8(a) hereof (or in the absence of any such reduction), the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of one or more Payments, then Executive shall be obligated to surrender or pay back to the Company, within one-hundred twenty (120) days after a final IRS determination, an amount of such payments or benefits equal to the Repayment Amount . The Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be surrendered or paid to the Company so that Executive s net proceeds with respect to such Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments) shall be maximized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be zero (0) if a Repayment Amount of more than zero (0) would not eliminate the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments or if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not maximize the net amount received by Executive from the Payments. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 8(b), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax. 
 
 9. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
 (a) Section 409A. To the extent (i) any payments to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with Executive s termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then such payment or payments shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Executive s Separation or (ii) the date of Executive s death following such Separation provided, however , that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20 tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to Executive or Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum (without interest). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement (or otherwise referenced herein) is determined to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year, in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also 

Exhibit 10.7 

 qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Agreement (or referenced in this Agreement) are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the regulations under Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Other Arrangements. This Agreement supersedes any and all cash severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements under any agreement governing Equity Awards, severance and salary continuation arrangements, programs and plans which were previously offered by the Company to the Executive, including under any employment agreement or offer letter, and Executive hereby waives Executive s rights to such other benefits. In no event shall any individual receive cash severance benefits under both this Agreement and any other vesting acceleration, severance pay or salary continuation program, plan or other arrangement with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Executive receive payment under both Section 2 and Section 3 with respect to Executive s Separation. The vesting acceleration provisions set forth in any employment agreement or letter or similar agreement between the Company and Executive in effect on the Effective Date, to the extent more favorable to the Executive, will continue to apply to the Equity Awards held by the Executive on such date. 
 
 (c) Dispute Resolution. To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any and all disputes that might arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation, will be resolved solely and exclusively by final, binding, and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in Los Angeles County, California and conducted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS under its then-existing employment rules and procedures. Nothing in this section, however, is intended to prevent either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Each party to an arbitration or litigation hereunder shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys fees. 
 
 (d) Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or deposited with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address which he or she most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary. 
 
 (e) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 
 (f) Withholding Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law. 
 
 (g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (h) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Executive any right to continue in service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or of the Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his or her service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 (i) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (other than its choice- of-law provisions). 

Exhibit 10.7 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE ZIPRECRUITER, INC. 
 
 s Tim Yarbrough s Renata Dionello 
 By Renata Dionello 
 Title Chief People Officer 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 ex108letteragreement-amy.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

604 Arizona Avenue, Santa Monica, CA 90401 
 
 Amy Garefis via email 
 
 Dear Amy 
 
 This letter agreement amends and restates the offer letter between you and ZipRecruiter, Inc. (the Company ), dated October 17, 2013 (as amended, the Prior Agreement effective as of December 15, 2021. 
 
 Your title as of this date shall be Chief Accounting Officer, reporting to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 1. Cash Compensation . In this position, the Company will pay you an annual base salary payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll schedule. Your pay will be periodically reviewed as a part of the Company s regular reviews of compensation. 
 
 2. Employee Benefits . You will continue to be eligible to participate in a number of Company- sponsored benefits to the extent that you comply with the eligibility requirements of each such benefit plan. The Company, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend or terminate its employee benefits at any time, with or without notice. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 3. Termination Benefits . You will continue to be eligible to receive change in control and severance payments and benefits under the Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Severance Agreement between you and the Company, dated as of even date herewith. 
 
 4. Confidentiality Agreement . By signing this letter agreement, you reaffirm the terms and conditions of the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement by and between you and the Company. 
 
 5. No Conflicting Obligations . You understand and agree that by signing this letter agreement, you represent to the Company that your performance will not breach any other agreement to which you are a party and that you have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the Company, enter into any oral or written agreement in conflict with any of the provisions of this letter or the Company s policies. You are not to bring with you to the Company, or use or disclose to any person associated with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any former employer or other person or entity with respect to which you owe an obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company does not need and will not use such information and we will assist you in any way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary information belonging to third parties. Also, we expect you to abide by any obligations to refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise associated with any former employer and suggest that you refrain from having any contact with such persons until such time as any non-solicitation obligation expires. 
 
 6. Outside Activities . You will disclose to the Company in writing any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with the Company. 

Exhibit 10.8 

 In addition, while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or entity in competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company. 
 
 7. General Obligations . As an employee, you will be expected to continue to adhere to the Company s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty, reliability and respect for all. You will also be expected to continue to comply with the Company s policies and procedures. The Company is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 8. At-Will Employment . Your employment with the Company continues to be for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will continue to be on an at will basis, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company also reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of your employment at any time for any reason. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 9. Withholdings . All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

Exhibit 10.8 

This letter agreement supersedes and replaces any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral, written or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in this letter (other than the Severance Agreement), including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement. This letter will be governed by the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 Very truly yours, ZIPRECRUITER, INC. 
 s Renata Dionello 
 
 By Renata Dionello Chief People Officer 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
 
 Amy Garefis 
 s Amy Garefis 
 Signature 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Offer Letter 

Exhibit 10.8 

Change in Control and Severance Agreement 
 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement is entered into by and between Amy Garefis (the Executive and ZipRecruiter, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), effective as of December 15, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 1. Term of Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement shall terminate the earlier of the third (3 rd anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date or the date the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination provided however , if a definitive agreement relating to a Change in Control has been signed by the Company on or before the Expiration Date, then this Agreement shall remain in effect through the earlier of 
 
 (a) The date the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than 
 a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, or 
 
 (b) The date the Company has met all of its obligations under this Agreement following a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company due to a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination. 
 
 This Agreement shall renew automatically and continue in effect for three (3) year periods measured from the initial Expiration Date, unless the Company provides Executive notice of non-renewal at least three (3) months prior to the date on which this Agreement would otherwise renew. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 or 3 below, the Company s non-renewal of this Agreement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable. 
 
 2. Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 8, and 9 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits 
 
 (a) Severance Benefits. The Company shall pay the Executive six (6) months of his her monthly base salary and a portion of his her annual target bonus corresponding to 100 achievement of target, prorated for the actual portion of the performance period during which Executive was employed (in each case, at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Qualifying Termination). The Executive will receive his or her severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60 th day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied. 
 
 (b) Continued Employee Benefits. If Executive timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), the Company shall pay the full amount of Executive s COBRA premiums on behalf of the Executive for the Executive s continued coverage under the Company s health, dental and vision plans, including coverage for the Executive s eligible dependents, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Executive s Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect to provide Executive, in lieu of any portion of such continued coverage, taxable installment payments equal in amount to the applicable premiums in effect as of Executive s Separation for the remainder of the COBRA continuation period provided that , Executive shall have no right to an additional gross-up payment to account for the fact that such COBRA premium amounts are paid on an after-tax basis. 
 
 3. CIC Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a CIC Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 8, and 9 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits 
 
 (a) Severance Payments. The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive twelve (12) months of his her monthly base salary and a portion of his her annual target bonus corresponding to 100 achievement of target, in each case, at the rate in effect 

Exhibit 10.8 

 immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Separation. Such payment shall be paid in a cash lump sum payment in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60 th day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following a Qualifying Termination, then, provided that such Qualifying Termination followed a Potential Change of Control, then in addition to any prior payments under Section 2(a), Executive shall receive an additional payment in order to provide the benefits described in this Section 3(a). 
 
 (b) Equity. Each of Executive s then outstanding Equity Awards, other than awards that vest on the satisfaction of performance criteria, shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as to 100 of the total shares underlying such Equity Awards. As to outstanding Equity Awards that would vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria, such awards shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as if such awards had been achieved at the greater of (x) actual achievement (if measurable on the date of Executive s Separation) or (y) target levels provided, however, that the Company may specify, in any individual Equity Award agreement, that the acceleration provisions of such award agreement shall specifically overwrite the acceleration provisions set forth herein. Subject to Section 4, the accelerated vesting described above shall be effective as of the Separation. For the avoidance of doubt, in order to give effect to the acceleration contemplated by this Section 3(b), each of Executive s outstanding Equity Awards shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest (solely pursuant to the terms of this Section 3(b)) for a period of three (3) months following a Qualifying Termination in order to give effect to this Section 3(b). 
 
 (c) COBRA Pay in Lieu of Continued Employee Benefits. Continuation of COBRA or a cash benefit, in both cases on the same terms as set forth in Section 2(b) above, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Executive s Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer. 
 
 4. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the benefits under Section 2 and 3 shall not apply unless the Executive (i) has executed a general release (in a form prescribed by the Company) of all known and unknown claims that he or she may then have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company and such release has become effective and 
 (ii) has agreed not to prosecute any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations (this document effecting the foregoing, the Release ). The Company will deliver the form of Release to the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s Separation. The Executive must execute and return the Release within the time period specified in the form and in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the date of Executive s Separation. 

Exhibit 10.8 

5. Accrued Compensation and Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 and 3 above, in connection with any termination of employment (whether or not a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay Executive s earned but unpaid base salary and other vested but unpaid cash entitlements for the period through and including the termination of employment, including unreimbursed documented business expenses incurred by Executive through and including the date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation and Expenses ), as required by law and the applicable Company plan or policy. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to any other vested benefits earned by Executive for the period through and including the termination date of Executive s employment under any other employee benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the Company, in accordance with the terms of such plans and arrangements, except as modified herein. 
 
 6. Definitions. 
 
 (a) The term Cause means the occurrence of any of the following events, as reasonably 
 determined by the Company 
 
 (i) Executive's willful or continued failure to substantially perform his her duties for the Company, or to carry out the business plan, as determined by the Board provided that a failure to achieve quantified goals or objectives despite good faith performance of duties shall not be deemed a Cause event under this subjection (i) 
 
 (ii) Executive's conviction of a felony, or his her guilty plea to, or entry of, a nolo contendere plea to a felony charge 
 
 (iii) the willful or grossly negligent engaging by Executive in conduct that is materially injurious to the Company, financially or otherwise or 
 
 (iv) Executive's material breach of any term of the Company's policies and procedures, as in effect from time to time 
 
 provided that with respect to (iv) above, such termination for Cause shall only be effective after notice to Executive and a period of not less than seven (7) calendar days during which time Executive shall have an opportunity to demonstrate that Executive has cured the conduct that constitutes Cause provided further, that the foregoing opportunity to cure shall not apply if the Company reasonably determines Executive's conduct is not capable of being cured. 
 
 (b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (c) Change in Control . For all purposes under this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean a Corporate Transaction, as such term is defined in the Plan, provided that the transaction (including any series of transactions) also qualifies as a change in control event under U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 
 (d) CIC Qualifying Termination means a Separation (A) within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control or (B) within three (3) months preceding a Change in Control (but as to part (B), only if the Separation occurs after a Potential Change in Control) resulting, in either case (A) or (B), from (i) the Company terminating the Executive s employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his or her employment for Good Reason. A termination or resignation due to the Executive s 

Exhibit 10.8 

death or disability shall not constitute a CIC Qualifying Termination. A Potential Change in Control means the date of execution of a legally binding and definitive agreement for a corporate transaction which, if consummated, would constitute the applicable Change in Control (which for the avoidance of doubt, would include a merger agreement, but not a term sheet for a merger agreement). In the case of a termination following a Potential Change in Control and before a Change in Control, solely for purposes of benefits under this Agreement, the date of Separation will be deemed the date the Change in Control is consummated. 
 
 (e) Equity Awards means all options to purchase shares of Company common stock, as well as all other stock-based awards granted to the Executive, including, but not limited to, stock bonus awards, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights. 
 
 (f) Good Reason means, without the Executive s consent, (i) a material reduction in the Executive s level of responsibility and or scope of authority in a manner that disproportionately adversely affects the Executive, as compared to all other Company officers, provided , however that the unilateral change, by a surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent) in the Executive s title and duties to a position that is comparable in salary with respect to the acquired or surviving entity or a division or unit thereof created out of the Company or its assets (whether it becomes a subsidiary, unit or division) to the Executive s current position shall not constitute Good Reason, (ii) a material reduction in Executive s base salary (other than in connection with a general decrease in the salary of all similarly situated employees or to the extent necessary to make Executive s salary commensurate with those of other employees of the Company or its successor entity or parent entity who are similarly situated with Executive following a Change in Control), or (iii) a relocation of Executive s principal workplace that increases Executive s one-way commute by at least 40 miles. For the Executive to receive the benefits under this Agreement as a result of a voluntary resignation under this subsection (e), all of the following requirements must be satisfied (1) the Executive must provide notice to the Company of his or her intent to assert Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of one or more of the conditions set forth in subclauses (i) through (iii) (2) the Company will have thirty (30) days from the date of such notice to remedy the condition and, if it does so, the Executive may withdraw his or her resignation or may resign with no benefits and (3) any termination of employment under this provision must occur within ten (10) days of the earlier of expiration of the thirty day company cure period or written notice from the Company that it will not undertake to cure the condition. Should the Company remedy the condition as set forth above and then one or more of the conditions arises again within twelve months following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive may assert Good Reason again subject to all of the conditions set forth herein. 
 
 (g) Plan means the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time 
 to time. 
 
 (h) Release Conditions mean the following conditions (i) Company has received the Executive s executed Release and (ii) any rescission period applicable to the Executive s executed Release has expired (without Executive having rescinded the executed Release). 
 
 (i) Qualifying Termination means a Separation that is not a CIC Qualifying Termination, but which results from (i) the Company terminating the Executive s employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his or her employment 

Exhibit 10.8 

for Good Reason. A termination or resignation due to the Executive s death or disability 
 shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination. 
 
 (j) Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under 
 Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 7. Successors. 
 
 (a) Company s Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets, by an agreement in substance and form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Company s business and or assets or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law. 
 
 (b) Executive s Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 
 8. Golden Parachute Taxes. 
 
 (a) Best After-Tax Result. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payments would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this subsection (a), be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, any successor provisions, or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise tax Excise Tax ), then, subject to the provisions of Section 8, such Payments shall be either 
 (A) provided in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, or (B) provided as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Payments being subject to the Excise Tax Reduced Amount ), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes and the Excise Tax (including, without limitation, any interest or penalties on such taxes), results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made by independent tax counsel designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive Independent Tax Counsel ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required under this Section, Independent Tax Counsel may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code provided that Independent Tax Counsel shall assume that Executive pays all taxes at the highest marginal rate. The Company and Executive shall furnish to Independent Tax Counsel such information and documents as Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs that Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations 

Exhibit 10.8 

contemplated by this Section. In the event that Section 8(a)(ii)(B) above applies, then based on the information provided to Executive and the Company by Independent Tax Counsel, Executive may, in Executive s sole discretion and within thirty (30) days of the date on which Executive is provided with the information prepared by Independent Tax Counsel, determine which and how much of the Payments (including the accelerated vesting of equity compensation awards) to be otherwise received by Executive shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such determination the value (as calculated by Independent Tax Counsel in accordance with the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code) of the amounts payable or distributable to Executive equals the Reduced Amount). If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS determines that any Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, then Section 8(b) hereof shall apply, and the enforcement of Section 8(b) shall be the exclusive remedy to the Company. 
 
 (b) Adjustments. If, notwithstanding any reduction described in Section 8(a) hereof (or in the absence of any such reduction), the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of one or more Payments, then Executive shall be obligated to surrender or pay back to the Company, within one-hundred twenty (120) days after a final IRS determination, an amount of such payments or benefits equal to the Repayment Amount . The Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be surrendered or paid to the Company so that Executive s net proceeds with respect to such Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments) shall be maximized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be zero (0) if a Repayment Amount of more than zero (0) would not eliminate the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments or if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not maximize the net amount received by Executive from the Payments. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 8(b), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax. 
 
 9. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
 (a) Section 409A. To the extent (i) any payments to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with Executive s termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then such payment or payments shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Executive s Separation or (ii) the date of Executive s death following such Separation provided, however , that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20 tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to Executive or Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum (without interest). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement (or otherwise referenced herein) is determined to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year, in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day 

Exhibit 10.8 

of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Agreement (or referenced in this Agreement) are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the regulations under Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Other Arrangements. This Agreement supersedes any and all cash severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements under any agreement governing Equity Awards, severance and salary continuation arrangements, programs and plans which were previously offered by the Company to the Executive, including under any employment agreement or offer letter, and Executive hereby waives Executive s rights to such other benefits. In no event shall any individual receive cash severance benefits under both this Agreement and any other vesting acceleration, severance pay or salary continuation program, plan or other arrangement with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Executive receive payment under both Section 2 and Section 3 with respect to Executive s Separation. The vesting acceleration provisions set forth in any employment agreement or letter or similar agreement between the Company and Executive in effect on the Effective Date, to the extent more favorable to the Executive, will continue to apply to the Equity Awards held by the Executive on such date. 
 
 (c) Dispute Resolution. To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any and all disputes that might arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation, will be resolved solely and exclusively by final, binding, and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in Los Angeles County, California and conducted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS under its then-existing employment rules and procedures. Nothing in this section, however, is intended to prevent either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Each party to an arbitration or litigation hereunder shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys fees. 
 
 (d) Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or deposited with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address which he or she most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary. 
 
 (e) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive 

Exhibit 10.8 

and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 
 (f) Withholding Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law. 
 
 (g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (h) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Executive any right to continue in service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or of the Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his or her service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 (i) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (other than its choice- of-law provisions). 

Exhibit 10.8 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE ZIPRECRUITER, INC. 
 s Amy Garefis 

s Renata Dionello 

By Renata Dionello 

Title Chief People Officer 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex231pricewaterhousecooper.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-256155 and 333-263261) of ZipRecruiter, Inc. of our report dated February 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311certificationofthepri.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ian Siegel, certify that 
 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4.The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date 
 February 27, 2023 s Ian Siegel 
 Ian Siegel 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex312certificationofthepri.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy Yarbrough, certify that 
 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ZipRecruiter, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 s Timothy Yarbrough 

Timothy Yarbrough 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex321certificationofthechi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ZipRecruiter, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ian Siegel, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 February 27, 2023 s Ian Siegel 
 Ian Siegel 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex322certificationofthechi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ZipRecruiter, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Timothy Yarbrough, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (1) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 s Timothy Yarbrough 

Timothy Yarbrough 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 zip-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 zip-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 zip-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 zip-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 zip-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

