<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_1029800_0001029800-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16261020</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>378397</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2093749</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5762673</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3841727</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3618620</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001029800-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230113161913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001029800-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001029800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				042458042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12803
		FILM NUMBER:		23528988

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.
		STREET 2:		321 RAILROAD AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038638200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 RAILROAD AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HRE PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001029800-23-000012.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 form10k2022.htm
 FORM 10K 2022

Table Of Contents 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _____ to _____

Commission File No. 

. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every
 Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or
 an emerging growth company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
 revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes 

No 

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of April 30, 2022 (price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter): Common Shares, par value .01 per
 share, ; Class A Common Shares, par value .01 per share, .

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, as of January 6, 2023 (latest practicable date): 
 Common Shares, par value .01 per share, and Class A Common Shares, par value .01 per share.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 (certain parts as indicated herein) (Part III).

Table Of Contents 

TABLE OF
 CONTENTS 

Item No.

Page No.

PART I

1.

Business 

2

1A.

Risk
 Factors 

4

1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

13

2.

Properties 

14

3.

Legal
 Proceedings 

16

4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

16

PART II

5.

Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

17

6.

Selected Financial Data [Reserved] 

18

7.

Management's
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

19

7A.

Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

34

8.

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

35

9.

Changes in and
 Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

35

9A.

Controls
 and Procedures 

35

9B.

Other
 Information 

38

9C

Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

39

PART III

10.

Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

40

11.

Executive Compensation 

40

12.

Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

40

13.

Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

40

14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

40

PART IV

15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

41

16

Form
 10-K Summary 

68

Signatures 

69

Table Of Contents 

PART I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (the "Company") contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements can generally be identified by such words as anticipate , believe , can , continue , could , estimate , expect , intend , may , plan , seek , should , will 
 or variations of such words or other similar expressions and the negatives of such words. All statements included in this report that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future,
 including such matters as future capital expenditures, dividends and acquisitions (including the amount and nature thereof), business strategies, expansion and growth of our operations and other such matters, are forward-looking statements. These
 statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate. Such statements
 are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, performance or achievements, financial and
 otherwise, may differ materially from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We caution not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.
 We do not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such
 statement is based.

Important factors that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected results are summarized below.

New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each
 factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Important factors, among others, that may affect our actual results include:

negative impacts from the continued spread of COVID-19 or from the emergence of a new strain of novel corona virus, including on the U.S. or
 global economy or on our business, financial position or results of operations;

economic and other market conditions, including real estate and market conditions, that could impact us, our properties or the financial
 stability of our tenants;

consumer spending and confidence trends, as well as our ability to anticipate changes in consumer buying practices and the space needs of
 tenants;

our relationships with our tenants and their financial condition and liquidity;

any difficulties in renewing leases, filling vacancies or negotiating improved lease terms;

the inability of our properties to generate increased, or even sufficient, revenues to offset expenses, including amounts we are required to pay to
 municipalities for real estate taxes, payments for common area maintenance expenses at our properties and salaries for our management team and other employees;

the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, retail real estate in which we invest;

risks of real estate acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to identify and acquire retail real estate that meet our investment
 standards in our markets, as well as the potential failure of transactions to close;

risks of operating properties through joint ventures that we do not fully control;

financing risks, such as the inability to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms or the inability to comply with various
 financial covenants included in our Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (the "Facility") or other debt instruments we currently have or may subsequently obtain, as well as the level and volatility of interest rates, which could impact the
 market price of our common stock and the cost of our borrowings;

environmental risk and regulatory requirements;

risks related to our status as a real estate investment trust, including the application of complex federal income tax regulations that are
 subject to change;

legislative and regulatory changes generally that may impact us or our tenants; and

other risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A. Risk Factors and in the other reports filed by the Company with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

1

Table Of Contents 

Item 1. Business.

Organization

We are a real estate investment trust, organized as a Maryland corporation, engaged in the acquisition, ownership and management of commercial real estate.
 We were organized as an unincorporated business trust (the Trust under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on July 7, 1969. In 1997, the shareholders of the Trust approved a plan of reorganization of the Trust from a Massachusetts business
 trust to a Maryland corporation. As a result of the plan of reorganization, the Trust was merged with and into the Company, the separate existence of the Trust ceased, the Company was the surviving entity in the merger and each issued and outstanding
 common share of beneficial interest of the Trust was converted into one share of Common Stock, par value .01 per share, of the Company.

Tax Status Qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust

We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
 beginning with our taxable year ended October 31, 1970. Pursuant to such provisions of the Code, a REIT that distributes at least 90 of its real estate investment trust taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions
 regarding the nature of its income and assets will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income that is distributed to its shareholders. Although we believe that we qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes, no
 assurance can be given that we will continue to qualify as a REIT.

Description of Business

Our business is the ownership of real estate investments, which consist principally of investments in income-producing properties, with primary emphasis on
 neighborhood and community shopping centers in the metropolitan New York tri-state area outside of the City of New York. We believe that our geographic focus allows us to take advantage of the strong demographic profiles of the areas that surround the
 City of New York and the natural barriers to entry that such density and limitations on developable land provide. We also believe that our ability to directly operate and manage all of our properties within the tri-state area reduces overhead costs
 and affords us efficiencies that a more dispersed portfolio would make difficult.

At October 31, 2022, the Company owned or had
 equity interests in 77 properties comprised of neighborhood and community shopping centers, office buildings, single tenant retail or
 restaurant properties and office/retail mixed use properties located in three states, containing a total of 5.3 million square feet of gross
 leasable area GLA ). We seek to identify desirable properties, typically neighborhood and community shopping centers, for acquisition, which we acquire in the normal course of business. In addition, we regularly review our portfolio and, from time
 to time, may sell certain of our properties. For a description of the Company's properties and information about the carrying amount of the properties at October 31, 2022 and encumbrances, see Item 2. Properties and Schedule III located in Item 15.

In addition, we own and operate self-storage facilities at two of our retail properties. The self-storage facilities are managed for us by Extra Space
 Storage, a publicly traded REIT. One of the self-storage facilities is located in the back of our Yorktown Heights, NY shopping center in below grade space with approximately 57,300 square feet of GLA. The second self-storage facility is located adjacent to our Dock shopping center in Stratford, CT with approximately 90,000 square feet of available GLA. In
 addition, we are close to completion on a third self-storage facility, which is located at our Pompton Lakes shopping center and will have approximately 60,100 square feet of available GLA.

We actively manage and supervise the operations and leasing of all of our properties. We also derive income from the management of six properties owned by
 third parties and in which we have no equity interest.

In addition to our business of owning and managing real estate, we are also involved in the beer, wine and spirits retail business, through our ownership of
 six subsidiary corporations formed as taxable REIT subsidiaries. Each subsidiary corporation owns and operates a beer, wine and spirits retail store at one of our shopping centers. To assist with the management of our operations, we have engaged an
 experienced third-party, retail beer, wine and spirits manager, which also owns many stores of its own. Each of these stores occupies space at one of our shopping centers, fulfilling a strategic need for a beer, wine and spirits business at such
 shopping center. These stores are not currently providing material earnings in excess of what the Company would have earned from leasing the space to unrelated tenants at market rents. However, these businesses are continuing to mature, and net sales
 and earnings may eventually become material to our financial position and net income. Nevertheless, our primary business remains the ownership and management of real estate, and we expect that the beer, wine and spirts business will remain an
 ancillary aspect of our business model. We may open additional beer, wine and spirits stores at other shopping centers if we determine that any such store would be a strategic fit for our overall business and the investment return analysis supports
 such a determination.

We derive other ancillary income from property related sources such as solar array installations and electrical vehicle charging stations.

Growth Strategy

We have a conservative capital structure, which includes permanent equity sources of Common Stock, Class A Common Stock and two series of perpetual preferred
 stock, which are only redeemable at our option. In addition, we have mortgage debt secured by some of our properties and a 125 million Facility. We do not have any secured debt maturing until August of 2024.

Key elements of our growth strategies and operating policies are to :

maintain our focus on community and neighborhood shopping centers, anchored principally by regional supermarkets, pharmacy chains or wholesale clubs, which we
 believe can provide a more stable revenue flow even during difficult economic times, given the focus on food and other types of staple goods;

acquire quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in the northeastern part of the United States with a concentration on properties in the metropolitan tri-state
 area outside of the City of New York, and unlock further value in these properties with selective enhancements to both the property and tenant mix, as well as improvements to management and leasing fundamentals, with the hope of growing our assets through acquisitions subject to the availability of acquisitions that meet our investment parameters ;

selectively dispose of underperforming properties and re-deploy the proceeds into potentially higher performing properties that meet our acquisition criteria;

invest in our properties for the long-term through regular maintenance, periodic renovations and capital improvements, enhancing their attractiveness to tenants and
 customers (e.g. curbside pick-up), as well as increasing their value;

leverage opportunities to increase GLA at existing properties, through development of pad sites and reconfiguring of existing square footage, to meet the needs of
 existing or new tenants;

proactively manage our leasing strategy by aggressively marketing available GLA, renewing existing leases with strong tenants, anticipating tenant weakness when necessary
 by pre-leasing their spaces and replacing below-market-rent leases with increased market rents, with an eye towards securing leases that include regular or fixed contractual increases to minimum rents;

improve and refine the quality of our tenant mix at our shopping centers;

maintain strong working relationships with our tenants, particularly our anchor tenants;

maintain a conservative capital structure with low leverage levels, ample liquidity and diverse sources of capital; and

control property operating and administrative costs.

Renovations, Expansions and Improvements

We invest in properties where cost effective renovation and expansion programs, combined with effective leasing and operating strategies, can improve the
 properties values and economic returns. Retail properties are typically adaptable for varied tenant layouts and can be reconfigured to accommodate new tenants or the changing space needs of existing tenants. We also seek to leverage existing
 shopping center assets through pad site development. In determining whether to proceed with a renovation, expansion or pad, we consider both the cost of such expansion or renovation and the increase in rent attributable to such expansion or
 renovation. We believe that certain of our properties provide opportunities for future renovation and expansion. We generally do not engage in ground-up development projects.

Environmental Initiatives

We also seek to improve our properties in ways that provide additional ancillary revenue or value, while benefiting the environment and communities in which
 we have a presence. For example, we have a robust alternative energy program, pursuant to which we have placed a number of solar panel installations on the roofs of our shopping centers and are working on additional installations. We have also
 installed electric vehicle charging stations at a number of our properties, which we believe will not only benefit the environment but enhance customer experience at our shopping centers. Other initiatives include converting incandescent and
 florescent lighting to LED at various properties and upgrading parking lot lighting systems to operate more efficiently. While we are committed to environmental responsibility, we also believe that these initiatives need to be financially feasible and
 beneficial to the Company, which may require that these projects be completed over a period of time. The Company will continue to seek financially responsible opportunities to reduce our carbon footprint and lower our energy usage, while improving the
 value of our properties.

We are aware that climate change may exacerbate changes in weather patterns and natural disasters, including increased flooding at one or more of our
 properties. We carry flood insurance on all of our properties, but will continue to keep vigilant to understand the potential impacts of climate change and take steps to mitigate its impact and to comply with any new regulations.

Acquisitions and Dispositions

When evaluating potential acquisitions, we consider such factors as (i) economic, demographic, and regulatory conditions in the property s local and regional
 market; (ii) the location, construction quality, and design of the property; (iii) the current and projected cash flow of the property and the potential to increase cash flow; (iv) the potential for capital appreciation of the property; (v) the terms
 of tenant leases, including the relationship between the property s current rents and market rents and the ability to increase rents upon lease rollover; (vi) the occupancy and demand by tenants for properties of a similar type in the market area;
 (vii) the potential to complete a strategic renovation, expansion or re-tenanting of the property; (viii) the property s current expense structure and the potential to increase operating margins; (ix) competition from comparable properties in the
 market area; and (x) vulnerability of the property's tenants to competition from e-commerce.

We may, from time to time, enter into arrangements for the acquisition of interests in properties with property owners through the issuance of non-managing member units or partnership units in joint venture entities that we control, which we refer to as our DownREIT entities. The limited partners and non-managing
 members of each of these joint ventures are entitled to receive annual or quarterly cash distributions payable from the joint ventures. The limited partners and non-managing members of these joint ventures have the right to require the Company to
 repurchase or redeem all or a portion of their limited partner or non-managing member interests for cash or Class A Common Stock of the Company, at our election, at prices and on terms set forth in the partnership or operating agreements. We also have
 the right to redeem all or a portion of the limited partner and non-managing member interests for cash or Class A Common Stock of the Company, at our election, under certain circumstances, at prices and on terms set forth in the partnership or
 operating agreements. We believe that this acquisition method may permit us to acquire properties from property owners wishing to enter into tax-deferred transactions.

From time to time, we selectively dispose of underperforming properties and re-deploy the proceeds into potentially higher performing properties that meet
 our acquisition criteria.

2

Table Of Contents 

Leasing Results

At October 31, 2022, our properties
 collectively had 942 leases with tenants providing a wide range of products and services. Tenants include regional supermarkets, national and
 regional discount stores, other local retailers and office tenants. At October 31, 2022, the 71 consolidated properties were 93.0 leased and 92.6 occupied (see Results of Operations discussion in Item 7). At October 31, 2022, we had equity investments in six properties which we do not
 consolidate; those properties were 94.4 leased. We believe the properties are adequately covered by property and liability insurance.

A substantial portion of our operating lease income is derived from tenants under leases with terms greater than one year. Most of the leases provide for
 the payment of monthly fixed base rents and for the payment by the tenant of a pro-rata share of the real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area maintenance expenses incurred in operating the properties.

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, no
 single tenant comprised more than 10.3 of the total annual base rents of our properties. The following table sets forth a schedule of our ten
 largest tenants by percent of total annual base rent of our properties to total annual base rent for the year ended October 31, 2022.

Tenant

Number

 of Stores

of Total Annual

 Base Rent of Properties

Stop Shop

11

10.3

CVS

9

4.4

Acme

6

3.7

The TJX Companies

4

2.7

ShopRite

3

1.9

Bed Bath Beyond (includes Harmon Cosmetics)

2

1.6

BJ's

3

1.6

Staples

3

1.4

Walgreens

4

1.2

J.P Morgan Chase

8

1.1

53

29.9

See Item 2. Properties for a complete list of the Company s properties.

The Company s single largest real estate investment is its 100 ownership of the general and limited partnership interests in the Ridgeway Shopping Center
 Ridgeway ).

Ridgeway is located in Stamford, Connecticut and was developed in the 1950s and redeveloped in the mid-1990s. The property contains approximately 374,000
 square feet of GLA. It is the dominant grocery-anchored center and the largest non-mall shopping center located in the City of Stamford, Fairfield County, Connecticut. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, Ridgeway revenues represented approximately 10.1 of the Company s
 total revenues and its assets represented approximately 6.5 of the Company s total assets at October 31, 2022. As of October 31, 2022, Ridgeway was 98 leased. The property s largest tenants (by base rent) are: The Stop Shop Supermarket Company (21 ), Bed, Bath Beyond (15 and Marshall s Inc., a division of the TJX Companies
 (11 ). No other tenant accounts for more than 10 of Ridgeway s annual base rents.

The following table sets forth a schedule of the annual lease expirations for retail leases at Ridgeway as of October 31, 2022 for each of the next ten years and thereafter (assuming that no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options and that there are no tenant bankruptcies or
 other tenant defaults):

Year of Expiration

Number of

 Leases Expiring

Square Footage

 of Expiring Leases

Minimum

 Base Rentals

Percentage of

 Total Annual

 Base Rent that is

 Represented by

 the Expiring Leases

2023 (Note A below)

14

93,870

3,169,500

28.8

2024

2

1,925

85,700

0.8

2025

2

42,000

1,138,800

10.4

2026

2

5,724

149,200

1.4

2027

6

101,422

3,460,800

31.5

2028

2

37,125

1,293,600

11.8

2029

1

4,000

95,300

0.9

2030

1

2,347

61,300

0.6

2031

3

46,541

1,003,400

9.1

2032

2

9,935

262,300

2.4

Thereafter

1

9,390

272,300

2.5

Total

36

354,279

10,992,200

100

(A) - Included in these amounts is a 56,000 square foot lease with Bed Bath and Beyond, which expires on January 31, 2023. This tenant has informed the
 Company that it plans on vacating the space at lease expiration. The annual base rent for this space is currently 1.5 million. The Company is in the process of negotiating a lease for a large portion of this space with a national retailer.

For further financial information about our only reportable operating segment, Ridgeway, see note 1 of our financial statements in Item 8 included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Financing Strategy

We intend to continue to finance acquisitions and property improvements and/or expansions with the most advantageous sources of capital that we believe are
 available to us at the time, and which may include the sale of common or preferred equity through public offerings or private placements, the incurrence of additional indebtedness through secured or unsecured borrowings, investments in real estate
 joint ventures and the reinvestment of proceeds from the disposition of assets. Our financing strategy is to maintain a strong and flexible financial position by (i) maintaining a prudent level of leverage, and (ii) minimizing our exposure to interest
 rate risk represented by floating rate debt.

Compliance with Governmental Regulations

We, like others in the commercial real estate industry, are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, including environmental laws
 and regulations. We may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under our properties, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including
 government fines and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). These laws may impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of those substances. This liability may
 be imposed on us in connection with the activities of an operator of, or tenant at, the property. The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages and our liability therefore could exceed the value of the property
 and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of those substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remove those substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent that property or to borrow using that property as
 collateral, which, in turn, would reduce our revenues and ability to make distributions.

Our existing properties, as well as properties we may acquire, as commercial facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with
 Disabilities Act of 1990. The requirements of this Act, or of other federal, state or local laws or regulations, also may change in the future and restrict further renovations of our properties with respect to access for disabled persons. Future
 compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and similar regulations may require expensive changes to the properties.

Competition

The real estate investment business is highly competitive. We compete for real estate investments with investors of all types, including domestic and foreign
 corporations, financial institutions, other real estate investment trusts, real estate funds, individuals and privately owned companies. In addition, our properties are subject to local competition from the surrounding areas. Our shopping centers
 compete for tenants with other regional, community or neighborhood shopping centers in the respective areas where our retail properties are located. In addition, the retail industry is seeing greater competition from internet retailers who may not
 need to establish brick and mortar retail locations for their businesses. This may reduce the demand for traditional retail space in shopping centers like ours and other grocery-anchored shopping center properties. Our few office buildings compete
 for tenants principally with office buildings throughout the respective areas in which they are located. Leasing decisions are generally determined by prospective tenants on the basis of, among other things, rental rates, location, and the physical
 quality of the property and availability of space.

Human Capital

We believe that our employees are one of our greatest resources. In order to attract and retain high performing individuals, we are committed to partnering
 with our employees to provide opportunities for their professional development and promote their well-being. To that end, we have undertaken various initiatives, including the following:

providing department-specific training and access to online training seminars and opportunities to participate in industry
 conferences;

introducing the next generation of real estate leaders through summer internship programs;

providing annual reviews and regular feedback to assist in employee development and providing opportunities for employees to
 provide suggestions to management and safely register complaints;

providing family leave, for example, for the birth or adoption of a child, as well as sick leave, that exceeds minimum
 regulatory requirements;

focusing on creating a workplace that values employee health and safety, and to that end providing expanded paid sick leave
 during the early part of the COVID-19 pandemic;

committing to the full inclusion of all qualified employees and applicants and providing equal employment opportunities to all
 persons, in accordance with the principles and requirements of the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission and the principles and requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act; and

appreciating the many contributions of a diverse workforce, understanding that diverse backgrounds bring diverse perspectives,
 resulting in unique insights.

Our executive offices are located at 321 Railroad Avenue, Greenwich, Connecticut. Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. has 55 employees, all located at the Company s executive offices and we believe our relationship with our employees is good.

Company Website

All of the Company s filings with the SEC, including the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form
 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge at the Company s website at www.ubproperties.com as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company
 electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. These filings can also be accessed through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.

3

Table Of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Risks Related to COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the United States and global economies, including disruptions
 in the financial and labor markets, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and performance and that of our tenants.

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19
 a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and could continue to cause, significant disruptions to the U.S. and global economy, as well as significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. During the early part of
 the pandemic, the U.S. economy came under severe pressure due to numerous factors, including preventive measures taken by local, state and federal authorities to alleviate the public health crisis, such as mandatory business closures,
 quarantines and restrictions on travel. These measures, as implemented by the tri-state area of Connecticut, New York and New Jersey, generally permitted businesses designated as essential to remain open but limited the operations of other
 categories of our tenants to varying degrees. These restrictions have been long since lifted, and the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be much improved, with most tenant businesses operating at pre-pandemic levels. For certain
 categories of our tenants, such as dry cleaners and some small format fitness tenants, however, the negative impact of COVID-19 was more severe and the recovery is still in progress. We may be unable to fully collect on rents from such tenants, and in some cases, may need to secure replacement tenants. 

Moreover, the evolution of new COVID-19 variants makes the situation difficult to predict. A worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic or outbreaks of other highly
 infectious diseases could materially and adversely affect us, particularly if business conditions, the regulatory environment or the public health situation returns
 to that experienced during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic. These impacts could include : 

a deterioration in consumer sentiment, changes in consumer behavior
 in favor of e-commerce, or negative public perception of the COVID-19 health risk, which could result in decreased foot traffic to our shopping centers and
 tenant businesses for an extended period of time , which could negatively impact our tenants businesses;

the inability of tenants to meet their lease obligations or other obligations (including repayment of deferred rents) to us in full, or at
 all, or to otherwise seek modifications of such obligations or declare bankruptcy due to economic and business conditions;

the ability and willingness of new tenants to enter into leases during what is perceived to be uncertain times, the ability and willingness
 of existing tenants to renew their leases upon expiration, and our ability to re-lease the properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event we exercise our right to replace an existing tenant;

disruptions to the supply chain or lack of employees available or willing to work due to perceptions of COVID-19 health risk, as well as
 general labor shortages, that could make it difficult for our tenants to operate, as well as to pay rent;

state, local or industry-initiated efforts, such as a rent freeze for tenants, the suspension of a landlord s ability to enforce evictions,
 or the mandatory closures of businesses, which could affect our ability to collect rent or enforce remedies for the failure to pay rent;

severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions, which could make it
 difficult for us to access debt and equity capital, draw on our credit facility or obtain additional indebtedness or refinance indebtedness as it becomes due; and

volatility in the trading prices of our Common Stock and Class A Common Stock.

To the extent any of these risks and uncertainties adversely impact us in the ways described above or otherwise, they may also have the effect of
 heightening many of the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

4

Table Of Contents 

Risks Related to our Operations and Properties 

There are risks relating to investments in real estate and the value of our property that are beyond our control,
 including global, national, regional and local economic and market conditions.

Yields from our properties depend on their net income and capital appreciation. Real property income and capital appreciation may be adversely affected by
 general and local economic conditions, neighborhood values, demographic trends, competitive overbuilding, zoning laws, weather, casualty losses and other factors beyond our control. Since substantially all of our income is rental income from real
 property, our income and cash flow could be adversely affected if a large tenant is, or a significant number of tenants are, unable to pay rent or if available space cannot be rented on favorable terms. Operating and other expenses of our properties,
 particularly significant expenses such as interest, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, generally do not decrease when income decreases and, even if revenues increase, operating and other expenses may increase faster than revenues.

We may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid.

Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, there are some limitations under federal income tax laws applicable to real estate and
 to REITs in particular that may limit our ability to sell our assets. With respect to each of our four consolidated joint ventures, McLean, Orangeburg, High Ridge and Dumont, which we refer to as our DownREITs, we may not sell or transfer the contributed property during contractually agreed upon protection periods other than as part of a tax-deferred transaction under the Code or if the conditions exist that would give
 us the right to call all of the non-managing member units or partnership units, as applicable, following the death or dissolution of certain non-managing members or following a contracted fixed date. Because of these market, regulatory and
 contractual conditions, we may not be able to alter our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Our inability to respond quickly to adverse changes in the performance of our investments could have an adverse
 effect on our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to our stockholders.

Our business strategy is mainly concentrated in one type of commercial property and in one geographic location, which
 could make us more vulnerable to regional economic downturns and natural disasters.

Our primary investment focus is neighborhood and community shopping centers, with a concentration in the metropolitan New York tri-state area outside of the
 City of New York. For the year ended October 31, 2022, 100.0 of our total revenues were from properties located in this area. Moreover, the Company's single largest real estate investment is its ownership of the Ridgeway Shopping Center
 ("Ridgeway") located in Stamford, Connecticut. For the year ended October 31, 2022, Ridgeway revenues represented approximately 10.1 of the Company's total revenues and approximately 6.5 
 of the Company's total assets at October 31, 2022.

Because we are concentrated in one geographic area, negative changes in regional economic conditions, rates of employment, and demographic trends can result
 in our geographic focus area becoming a less desirable place for tenants to locate, making it more difficult for us to increase rents and retain tenants. Potential changes to the local real estate markets, such as the competitive overbuilding of
 retail space, or a decrease in demand for shopping center properties due to demographic or market trends could also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are also impacted by weather patterns and natural disasters, including changes in weather patterns and natural disaster exacerbated by climate change,
 that could have a more significant localized effect in the areas where our properties are concentrated. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace
 damaged properties, increase operation costs, increase future property insurance costs, disrupt our business and the business of our tenants, and negatively impact the ability of some tenants to pay rent. Tenants may also be less willing to lease
 space that they view as susceptible to natural disasters. We may also face potential additional regulatory requirements by government agencies in response to such perceived risks.

As a result of our geographic concentration and focus on one type of property, we may be exposed to greater risks than if our investment focus was based on
 more diversified types of properties and in more diversified geographic areas.

We are dependent on anchor tenants at many of our retail properties.

Most of our retail properties are dependent on a major or anchor tenant, often a supermarket anchor. If we are unable to renew any lease we have with the
 anchor tenant at one of these properties upon expiration of the current lease on favorable terms, or to re-lease the space to another anchor tenant of similar or better quality upon departure of an existing anchor tenant on similar or better terms, we
 could experience material adverse consequences with respect to such property, such as higher vacancy, re-leasing on less favorable economic terms, reduced net income, reduced funds from operations and reduced property values. Vacated anchor space also
 could adversely affect a property because of the loss of the departed anchor tenant s customer drawing power. Loss of customer drawing power also can occur through the exercise of the right that some anchors have to vacate and prevent re-tenanting by
 paying rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, vacated anchor space could, under certain circumstances, permit other tenants to pay a reduced rent or terminate their leases at the affected property, which could adversely affect the future
 income from such property. There can be no assurance that our anchor tenants will renew their leases when they expire or will be willing to renew on similar economic terms. See Item 1. Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
 information on our ten largest tenants by percent of total annual base rent of our properties.

Similarly, if one or more of our anchor tenants goes bankrupt, we could experience material adverse consequences like those described above. Under
 bankruptcy law, tenants have the right to reject their leases. In the event a tenant exercises this right, the landlord generally may file a claim for a portion of its unpaid and future lost rent. Actual amounts received in satisfaction of those
 claims, however, are typically very limited and will be subject to the tenant s final plan of reorganization and the availability of funds to pay its creditors. We can provide no assurance that we will not experience impactful bankruptcies by anchor
 tenants in the future.

5

Table Of Contents 

We face potential difficulties or delays in renewing leases or re-leasing space.

We derive most of our income from rent received from our tenants. Although substantially all of our properties currently have had favorable occupancy rates
 over time, we have experienced periods of decline in occupancy, including during the COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict that current tenants will renew their leases upon expiration of their terms. In addition, current tenants could attempt to
 terminate their leases prior to the scheduled expiration of such leases or might have difficulty in continuing to pay rent in full, if at all, in the event of a severe economic downturn or other market disruption, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. If
 this occurs, we may not be able to promptly locate qualified replacement tenants and, as a result, we would lose a source of revenue while remaining responsible for the payment of our obligations. Even if tenants decide to renew their leases, the
 terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than current lease terms.

In some cases, our tenant leases contain provisions giving the tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types
 of services within the particular retail center, or limit the ability of other tenants within the center to sell that merchandise or provide those services. When re-leasing space after a vacancy, such provisions may limit the number and types of
 prospective tenants for the vacant space. Zoning restrictions and other regulatory hurdles may also impede or delay our ability to re-lease vacant space. The failure to re-lease space or to re-lease space on satisfactory terms could adversely affect
 our results from operations. Additionally, properties we may acquire in the future may not be fully leased and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property
 until the property is fully leased. As a result, our net income, funds from operations and ability to pay dividends to stockholders could be adversely affected.

We may acquire properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and this may create risks.

We may acquire properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe that an acquisition is consistent with our business strategies. We
 may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions on time or within budget. When we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in leasing newly acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of acquisition and operations.
 Acquisitions in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in poorer than anticipated performance. We may also abandon acquisition opportunities that management has begun pursuing and consequently fail
 to recover expenses already incurred and will have devoted management s time to a matter not consummated. Furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some of which we
 may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. In addition, redevelopment of our existing properties presents similar risks.

Newly acquired properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value or revenue potential. It is also possible
 that the operating performance of these properties may decline under our management. As we acquire additional properties, we will be subject to risks associated with managing new properties, including lease-up and tenant retention. In addition, our
 ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to successfully integrate our new acquisitions into our existing management structure. We may not succeed with this integration or effectively manage additional properties, particularly in
 secondary markets. Also, newly acquired properties may not perform as expected.

Competition may adversely affect our ability to acquire new properties.

We compete for the purchase of commercial property with many entities, including other publicly traded REITs and private equity funded entities. Many of our
 competitors have substantially greater financial resources than ours. In addition, our competitors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments. If we are unable to successfully compete for the properties we have targeted for
 acquisition, we may not be able to meet our growth and investment objectives. We may incur costs on unsuccessful acquisitions that we will not be able to recover. The operating performance of our property acquisitions may also fall short of our
 expectations, which could adversely affect our financial performance.

Competition may limit our ability to generate sufficient income from tenants and may decrease the occupancy and rental
 rates for our properties. 

Our properties consist primarily of open-air shopping centers and other retail properties. Our performance, therefore, is generally linked to economic
 conditions in the market for retail space. In the future, the market for retail space could be adversely affected by:

weakness in the national,
 regional and local economies; 

the adverse financial
 condition of some large retailing companies; 

the impact of e-commerce on
 the demand for retail space; 

ongoing consolidation in the
 retail sector; and 

the excess amount of retail
 space in a number of markets. 

In addition, numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties. If our competitors
 offer space at rental rates below our current rates or the market rates, we may lose current or potential tenants to other properties in our markets and we may need to reduce rental rates below our current rates in order to retain tenants upon
 expiration of their leases. Increased competition for tenants may require us to make tenant and/or capital improvements to properties beyond those that we would otherwise have planned to make. As a result, our results of operations and cash flow may
 be adversely affected.

E-commerce and other changes in consumer behavior present challenges for many of our tenants and may require us to
 modify our properties, diversify our tenant composition and adapt our leasing practices to remain competitive.

Many of our tenants face increasing competition from e-commerce and other sources that could cause them to reduce their size, limit the number of locations
 and/or suffer a general downturn in their businesses and ability to pay rent. We may also fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of online sales and the resulting change in retailing practices and tenant
 space needs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We are focused on anchoring and diversifying our properties with tenants that are more resistant to competition from e-commerce (e.g. groceries, essential
 retailers, restaurants and service providers), but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in modifying our properties, diversifying our tenant composition and/or adapting our leasing practices.

6

Table Of Contents 

Property ownership through joint ventures could limit our control of those investments, restrict our ability to
 operate and finance the property on our terms, and reduce their expected return.

As of October 31, 2022, we owned four of our
 operating properties through consolidated joint ventures and six through unconsolidated joint ventures. Our joint ventures, including any joint ventures we may enter into in the future, may involve risks not present with respect to our wholly-owned
 properties, including the following:

We may share decision-making authority with our joint venture partners regarding certain major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and the
 joint venture property, such as, but not limited to, (i) additional capital contribution requirements, (ii) obtaining, refinancing or paying off debt, and (iii) obtaining consent prior to the sale or transfer of our interest in the joint
 venture to a third party, which may prevent us from taking actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners;

Our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals with respect to the property that conflict with our business interests and goals, which could increase the
 likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property;

Disputes may develop with our joint venture partners over decisions affecting the property or the joint venture, which may result in litigation or arbitration that would
 increase our expenses and distract our officers from focusing their time and effort on our business, disrupt the day-to-day operations of the property such as by delaying the implementation of important decisions until the conflict is resolved,
 and possibly force a sale of the property if the dispute cannot be resolved; and

The activities of a joint venture could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT.

In addition, with respect to our four consolidated joint ventures, McLean, Orangeburg, High Ridge and Dumont, we have additional obligations to the limited
 partners and non-managing members and additional limitations on our activities with respect to those joint ventures. The limited partners and non-managing members of each of these joint ventures are entitled to receive annual or quarterly cash
 distributions payable from available cash of the joint venture, with the Company required to provide such funds if the joint venture is unable to do so. The limited partners and non-managing members of these joint ventures have the right to require
 the Company to repurchase all or a portion of their limited partner or non-managing member interests for cash or Class A Common Stock of the Company, at our election, at prices and on terms set forth in the partnership or operating agreements. We also
 have the right to redeem all or a portion of the limited partner and non-managing member interests for cash or Class A Common Stock of the Company, at our election, under certain circumstances, at prices and on terms set forth in the partnership or
 operating agreements. The right of these limited partners and non-managing members to put their equity interest to us could require us to expend cash or issue Class A Common Stock of the REIT at a time or under circumstances that are not desirable to
 us.

In addition, the partnership agreement or operating agreements with our partners in McLean, Orangeburg, UB High Ridge and Dumont include certain restrictions
 on our ability to sell the property and to pay off the mortgage debt on these properties before their maturity, although refinancings are generally permitted. These restrictions could prevent us from taking advantage of favorable interest rate
 environments and limit our ability to best manage the debt on these properties.

If we were to employ higher levels of leverage, it would result in increased risk of default on our obligations and in
 an increase in debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to pay dividends and make distributions.

We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, indebtedness to advance our objectives. The only restrictions on the amount of indebtedness we may incur
 are certain contractual restrictions and financial covenants contained in our unsecured revolving credit agreement. Accordingly, we could become more highly leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our financial obligations and in an
 increase in debt service requirements. This, in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions.

Using debt to acquire properties, whether with recourse to us generally or only with respect to a particular property, creates an opportunity for increased
 return on our investment, but at the same time creates risks. Our goal is to use debt to fund investments only when we believe it will enhance our risk-adjusted returns. However, we cannot be sure that our use of leverage will prove to be
 beneficial. Moreover, when our debt is secured by our assets, we can lose those assets through foreclosure if we do not meet our debt service obligations. Incurring substantial debt may adversely affect our business and operating results by:

requiring us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal, which reduces the amount available for distributions, acquisitions and capital
 expenditures;

making us more vulnerable to economic and industry downturns and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions;

requiring us to agree to less favorable terms, including higher interest rates, in order to incur additional debt, and otherwise limiting our ability to borrow for
 operations, working capital or to finance acquisitions in the future; or

limiting our flexibility in conducting our business, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms.

7

Table Of Contents 

Market interest rates could adversely affect the share price of our stock and increase the cost of refinancing debt.

A variety of factors may influence the price of our common and preferred equities in the public trading markets. Some investors may perceive REITs as
 yield-driven investments and compare the annual yield from dividends by REITs with yields on various other types of financial instruments. An increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of stock to seek a higher annual dividend rate from
 other investments, which could adversely affect the market price of the stock.

Although a significant amount of our outstanding debt has fixed interest rates, including through interest rate hedges, we do borrow funds at variable
 interest rates under our Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility Facility and certain secured borrowings. As of October 31, 2022, less than
 1.0 of our outstanding debt was variable rate debt not hedged to fixed rate debt, and as of October 31, 2022, we had 30.5 million of outstanding borrowings on our Facility. If interest rates were to continue rising, it would increase the amount of interest expense that we
 would have to pay for any borrowings under the Facility. In addition, we anticipate that we will need to refinance existing indebtedness on our properties as such debt matures. A change in interest rates may increase the risk that we will not be able
 to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of the existing debt. If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or repaid with proceeds from other sources, such as new
 equity capital or sales of properties, our cash flow will not be sufficient to repay all maturing debt in years when significant balloon payments come due. As a result, our ability to retain properties or pay dividends to stockholders could be
 adversely affected and we may be forced to dispose of properties on unfavorable terms, which could adversely affect our business and net income.

We may be adversely affected by changes in LIBOR reporting practices, the method by which LIBOR is determined or the
 use of alternative reference rates.

As of October 31, 2022, we had approximately 155.7 million of mortgage notes outstanding that are indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). All of these mortgages are subject to interest
 rate swaps that convert the floating rates in the notes to a fixed interest rate. Under existing guidance, the publication of the LIBOR reference rate was to be discontinued
 beginning on or around the end of 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in its capacity as administrator of USD LIBOR, announced that it extended publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months to June 2023. In August and December 2022, we amended six mortgages and their related interest rate swap agreements to include market standard provisions
 for determining the benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR in the form of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). We are in the process of working with the lenders and counterparties to amend the remaining mortgage promissory notes and swap
 contracts that reference LIBOR to provide SOFR or an alternative method as a benchmark rate. T hese changes could result in interest obligations that are slightly more
 than or do not otherwise correlate exactly over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if U.S. dollar LIBOR was available in its current form. Although
 we believe there would be no material impact on our financial position or results of operations, because this will be the first time any of the reference rates for our promissory notes or our swap contracts will cease to be published, we cannot be
 sure that the transition will be seamless and without any adverse impact. 

We are obligated to comply with financial and other covenants in our debt that could restrict our operating
 activities, and failure to comply could result in defaults that accelerate the payment under our debt.

Our mortgage notes payable contain customary covenants for such agreements including, among others, provisions:

restricting our ability to assign or further encumber the properties securing the debt; and

restricting our ability to enter into certain new leases or to amend or modify certain existing leases without obtaining consent of the lenders.

Our Facility contains financial and other covenants which may limit our ability, without our lenders consent, to engage in operating or financial activities
 that we may believe desirable. Our Facility contains, among others, provisions restricting our ability to incur unsecured and secured indebtedness, create certain liens, and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets, all as
 further detailed in Item 7 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

If we were to breach any of our debt covenants and did not cure the breach within any applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt
 immediately, and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. As a result, a default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of
 operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares.

8

Table Of Contents 

We may be required to incur additional debt to qualify as a REIT.

As a REIT, we must generally make annual distributions to shareholders of at least 90 of our taxable income. We are subject to income tax on amounts of
 undistributed taxable income and net capital gain. In addition, we would be subject to a 4 excise tax if we fail to distribute sufficient income to meet a minimum distribution test based on our ordinary income, capital gain and aggregate undistributed
 income from prior years. We intend to make distributions to shareholders to comply with the Code s distribution provisions and to avoid federal income and excise tax. We may need to borrow funds to meet our distribution requirements because:

our income may not be matched by our related expenses at the time the income is considered received for purposes of determining taxable income; and

non-deductible capital expenditures, creation of reserves, or debt service requirements may reduce available cash but not taxable income.

In these circumstances, we might have to borrow funds on terms we might otherwise find unfavorable and we may have to borrow funds even if our management
 believes the market conditions make borrowing financially unattractive. Current tax law also allows us to pay a portion of our distributions in shares instead of cash.

Our ability to grow will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital.

Our growth strategy includes the redevelopment of properties we already own and the acquisition of additional properties. We are required to distribute to
 our stockholders at least 90 of our taxable income each year to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, in addition to our undistributed operating cash flow, we rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital
 to fund our growth, which financing may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. The debt could include mortgage loans from third parties or the sale of debt securities. Equity capital could include our common stock or preferred stock. 
 Additional financing, refinancing or other capital may not be available in the amounts we desire or on favorable terms.

Our access to debt or equity capital depends on a number of factors, including the general state of the capital markets, the markets perception of our growth
 potential, our ability to pay dividends, and our current and potential future earnings. Depending on the outcome of these factors, we could experience delay or difficulty in implementing our growth strategy on satisfactory terms, or be unable to
 implement this strategy.

We cannot assure you we will continue to pay dividends at historical rates.

Our ability to continue to pay dividends on our shares of Class A Common stock or Common stock at historical rates or to increase our dividend rate, and our
 ability to pay preferred share dividends will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the following:

our financial condition and results of future operations;

the performance of lease terms by tenants;

the terms of our loan covenants;

payment obligations on debt; and

our ability to acquire, finance or redevelop and lease additional properties at attractive rates.

For example, during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced the quarterly dividend on our Class A Common stock and Common stock in 2020 when
 compared with pre-pandemic levels in an effort to preserve cash due to the then current economic uncertainty. We then increased the dividend in 2021 and again for the first quarter of fiscal 2022, but not to pre-pandemic levels, as the situation
 stabilized. In the event our financial condition or other factors necessitate, we may choose to reduce our dividends again in the future. Additionally, we may in the future choose to pay distributions in our stock rather than solely in cash, which
 may result in our stockholders having a tax liability with respect to such distributions that exceeds the amount of cash received, if any.

If we do not maintain or increase the dividend on our common shares, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A Common
 Stock or Common Stock and other securities. Any preferred shares we may offer may have a fixed dividend rate that would not increase with any increases in the dividend rate of our common shares. Conversely, payment of dividends on our common shares may
 be subject to payment in full of the dividends on any preferred shares and payment of interest on any debt securities we may offer.

9

Table Of Contents 

We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or will enhance long-term stockholder
 value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of our stock prices and could diminish our cash reserves.

We engage in share repurchases of our Class A Common Stock and Common
 Stock from time to time in accordance with authorizations from the Board of Directors. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate us to
 repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Further, our share repurchases could affect our share trading prices, increase their volatility, reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any
 time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our stock 

Supply chain disruptions and unexpected construction expenses and delays could impact our ability to timely deliver
 spaces to tenants and/or our ability to achieve the expected value of a construction project or lease, thereby adversely affecting our profitability.

The construction and building industry, similar to many other industries, are experiencing worldwide supply chain disruptions due to a multitude of factors
 that are beyond our control. Materials, parts and labor have also increased in cost over the past year or more, sometimes significantly and over a short period of time. Although we are generally not engaged in large-scale development projects,
 small-scale construction projects, such as building renovations and maintenance, pad site developments and tenant improvements required under leases are a routine and necessary part of our business. We may incur costs for a property renovation or
 tenant buildout that exceeds our original estimates due to increased costs for materials or labor or other costs that are unexpected. We also may be unable to complete renovation of a property or tenant space on schedule due to supply chain
 disruptions or labor shortages, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. Additionally, some tenants may have the right to terminate their leases if a renovation project is not completed on time. The time frame
 required to recoup our renovation and construction costs and to realize a return on such costs can often be significant and materially adversely affect our profitability.

We are dependent on key personnel.

We depend on the services of our existing senior management to carry out our business and investment strategies. We do not have employment agreements with
 any of our existing senior management. As we expand, we may continue to need to recruit and retain qualified additional senior management. The loss of the services of any of our key management personnel or our inability to recruit and retain
 qualified personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate.

We currently carry comprehensive insurance on all of our properties, including insurance for liability, fire, flood, earthquake, and rental loss. All of
 these policies contain coverage limitations. We believe these coverages are of the types and amounts customarily obtained for or by an owner of similar types of real property assets located in the areas where our properties are located, and we intend
 to obtain similar insurance coverage on subsequently acquired properties. However, our circumstances or the availability of insurance could change.

The availability of insurance coverage may decrease and the prices for insurance may increase as a consequence of significant losses incurred by the
 insurance industry and other factors outside our control, including potential changes in weather patterns as a result of climate change. As a result, we may be unable to renew or duplicate our current insurance coverage in adequate amounts or at
 reasonable prices. In addition, insurance companies may no longer offer coverage against certain types of losses, such as losses due to terrorist acts and toxic mold, or, if offered, the expense of obtaining these types of insurance may not be
 justified. We therefore may cease to have insurance coverage against certain types of losses and/or there may be decreases in the limits of insurance available. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of our insured limits occurs, we could lose all or
 a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, but still remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot guarantee that
 material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. We also cannot guarantee that historic events or vulnerabilities are indicative of likely future losses or exposure, especially as it relates to the extent and frequency of
 natural disasters, as weather and climate patterns may change.

In addition, all of our tenants are required under their leases to carry general liability and other appropriate insurance, as well as to indemnify us for
 certain claims that may be caused by or related to their business activities or occur on their premises. However, some tenants fail to comply with these insurance requirements, making it difficult for us to collect on their indemnification
 obligations.

If any of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue, negatively impact the property s
 ability to generate future cash flow and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Also, due to inflation, changes in codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, it may not be feasible to use insurance
 proceeds to replace a building after it has been damaged or destroyed. Further, we may be unable to collect insurance proceeds if our insurers are unable to pay or contest a claim. Events such as these could adversely affect our results of operations
 and our ability to meet our obligations, including distributions to our shareholders.

Properties with environmental problems may create liabilities for us.

Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, as an owner of real property, we may be liable for
 the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under our properties, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including government fines and penalties and damages
 for injuries to persons and adjacent property). A property can be adversely affected either through direct physical contamination or as the result of hazardous or toxic substances or other contaminants that have or may have emanated from other
 properties. These laws may impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of those substances. This liability may be imposed on us in connection with the activities of an operator of, or
 tenant at, the property. The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages and our liability therefore could exceed the value of the property and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of those
 substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remove those substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent that property or to borrow using that property as collateral, which, in turn, would reduce our revenues and ability to make
 distributions.

Prior to the acquisition of any property and from time to time thereafter, we obtain Phase I environmental reports, and, when deemed warranted, Phase II
 environmental reports concerning the Company s properties. There can be no assurance, however, that (i) the discovery of environmental conditions that were previously unknown, (ii) changes in law, (iii) the conduct of tenants or neighboring property
 owner, or (iv) activities relating to properties in the vicinity of the Company s properties, will not expose the Company to material liability in the future. Changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on
 properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise adversely affect the operations of our tenants, which could adversely affect our financial condition and
 results of operations.

We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks that could cause loss of confidential information and other business
 disruptions.

We rely extensively on internal and external technology systems to process transactions and manage our business, which includes the storage of personal,
 financial and other information that is entrusted to us by our tenants, employees and third-parties. As such, our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including ransomware attacks, denial of service and the theft or
 compromise of confidential, proprietary or personal information. Remote working arrangements could heighten these risks. Attacks can be both individual and/or highly organized attempts organized by very sophisticated hacking organizations. We employ a
 number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, which include password encryption, frequent password change events, firewall detection systems, anti-virus software and frequent backups; however, there is no guarantee such efforts will
 be successful in preventing a cyber-attack. A cybersecurity attack could compromise the confidential information of our employees, tenants and vendors. A successful attack could disrupt and otherwise adversely affect our business operations and
 financial prospects, damage our reputation and involve significant legal and/or financial liabilities and penalties, including through lawsuits by third-parties.

The Americans with Disabilities Act of
 1990 could require us to take remedial steps with respect to existing or newly acquired properties .

Our existing properties, as well as properties we may acquire, as commercial facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with
 Disabilities Act of 1990. Investigation of a property may reveal non-compliance with this Act. The requirements of this Act, or of other federal, state or local laws or regulations, also may change in the future and restrict further renovations of our
 properties with respect to access for disabled persons. Future compliance with this Act may require expensive changes to the properties.

10

Table Of Contents 

Risks Related to our Organization and Structure 

We will be taxed as a regular corporation if we fail to maintain our REIT status.

Since our founding in 1969, we have operated, and intend to continue to operate, in a manner that enables us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax
 purposes. However, the federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex. The determination that we qualify as a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters and circumstances that may not be completely within our control. For example, to
 qualify as a REIT, at least 95 of our gross income must come from specific passive sources, such as rent, that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. In addition, to qualify as a REIT, we cannot own specified amounts of debt and equity securities of some
 issuers. We also are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (excluding capital gains) each year. Our continued qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of the asset, income, organizational,
 distribution and stockholder ownership requirements of the Internal Revenue Code on a continuing basis. At any time, new laws, interpretations or court decisions may change the federal tax laws or the federal tax consequences of qualification as a
 REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain Internal Revenue Code relief provisions, we will be subject to federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at
 regular corporate rates. In addition, distributions to stockholders would not be deductible in computing our taxable income. Corporate tax liability would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to stockholders which, in turn, would
 reduce the market price of our stock. Unless entitled to relief under certain Internal Revenue Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we ceased to qualify as a
 REIT.

We will pay federal taxes if we do not distribute 100 of our taxable income.

To the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In
 addition, we will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions in any year are less than the sum of:

85 of our ordinary income for that year;

95 of our capital gain net income for that year; and

100 of our undistributed taxable income from prior years.

We have paid out, and intend to continue to pay out, our income to our stockholders in a manner intended to satisfy the distribution requirement and to avoid
 corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax. Differences in timing between the recognition of income and the related cash receipts or the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow money or sell assets to pay
 out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year.

Gain on disposition of assets deemed held for sale in the ordinary course of business is subject to 100 tax.

If we sell any of our assets, the IRS may determine that the sale is a disposition of an asset held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of
 a trade or business. Gain from this kind of sale generally will be subject to a 100 tax. Whether an asset is held "primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business" depends on the particular facts and circumstances of
 the sale. Although we will attempt to comply with the terms of safe-harbor provisions in the Internal Revenue Code prescribing when asset sales will not be so characterized, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so.

Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates.

Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-REIT corporations. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified
 dividends paid by domestic non-REIT corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trust or estates is generally 20 . Dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate, but under current tax law, such
 stockholders may deduct up to 20 of ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the
 effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate may still be higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than
 investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of stock of REITs, including our stock. In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given
 to corporate dividends, which could negatively affect the value of our properties.

11

Table Of Contents 

Our ownership limitation may restrict business combination opportunities.

To qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by
 five or fewer individuals during the last half of each taxable year. To preserve our REIT qualification, our charter generally prohibits any person from owning shares of any class with a value of more than 7.5 of the value of all of our outstanding
 capital stock and provides that:

a transfer that violates the limitation is void;

shares transferred to a stockholder in excess of the ownership limitation are automatically converted, by the terms of our charter, into shares of "Excess Stock;"

a purported transferee receives no rights to the shares that violate the limitation except the right to designate a transferee of the Excess Stock held in trust; and

the Excess Stock will be held by us as trustee of a trust for the exclusive benefit of future transferees to whom the shares of capital stock ultimately will be
 transferred without violating the ownership limitation.

We may also redeem Excess Stock at a price which may be less than the price paid by a stockholder. Pursuant to authority under our charter, our Board of
 Directors has determined that the ownership limit does not apply to any shares of our stock beneficially owned by Elinor F. Urstadt (spouse of late Mr. Charles J. Urstadt, the Company s former Chairman Emeritus), Willing L. Biddle (President 
 Chief Executive Officer), Catherine U. Biddle (director and spouse of Willing L. Biddle), Elinor P. Biddle (non-executive employee and daughter of Mr. Mrs. Biddle), Dana C. Biddle (daughter of Mr. Mrs. Biddle) and Charles D. Urstadt
 (director and Chairman and son of Mr. Mrs. Urstadt and brother of Mrs. Biddle) (together, the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members ), but only to the extent that the aggregate value of all such stock does not exceed nineteen and ninety
 one-hundredth percent (19.9 of the value of all of the company s outstanding common stock, Class A common stock and preferred stock at any date of determination, unless at least two of the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members would separately be considered as among the five largest shareholders (which for this purpose requires ownership of at least 7.5 based on value of shares (and determined after applying the
 ownership rules in Sections 542, 544 and 856(h) of the Code), in which case the maximum aggregate value of all shares of our stock beneficially owned by the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members is increased to twenty-seven percent (27.00 ). At October 31, 2022 , together, the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members hold
 approximately 68.7 of our outstanding voting interests
 through their beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and Class A Common Stock. At October 31, 2022 , directors and executive officers of the Company, excluding any Urstadt and Biddle Family Member, hold approximately 0.2 . The ownership limitation may delay or discourage someone from taking control of the Company, even though a
 change of control might involve a premium price for our stockholders or might otherwise be in their best interest. 

Certain provisions in our charter and bylaws and Maryland law may prevent or delay a change of control or limit our
 stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares.

Among the provisions contained in our charter and bylaws and Maryland law are the following:

Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with directors in each class elected for three-year staggered terms.

Our directors may be removed only for cause upon the vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting power of our common equity securities.

Our stockholders may call a special meeting of stockholders only if the holders of a majority of the voting power of our common equity securities request such a meeting
 in writing.

Any consolidation, merger, share exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets must be approved by (i) a majority of our directors who are currently in
 office or who are approved or recommended by a majority of our directors who are currently in office (the "Continuing Directors") and (ii) the affirmative vote of holders of our stock representing a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on
 the matter.

Certain provisions of our charter may only be amended by (i) a vote of a majority of our Continuing Directors and (ii) the affirmative vote of holders of our stock
 representing a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

The number of directors may be increased or decreased by a vote of our Board of Directors.

In addition, we are subject to various provisions of Maryland law that impose restrictions and require affected persons to follow specified procedures with
 respect to certain takeover offers and business combinations, including combinations with persons who own 10 or more of our outstanding shares. These provisions of Maryland law could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that
 our stockholders might deem to be in their best interests. As permitted by Maryland law, our charter provides that the business combination provisions of Maryland law described above do not apply to acquisitions of shares by the late Charles J.
 Urstadt, and our Board of Directors has determined that the provisions do not apply to Willing L. Biddle, or to Willing L. Biddle s or the late Charles J. Urstadt s spouses and descendants and any of their affiliates. Consequently, unless such
 exemptions are amended or repealed, we may in the future enter into business combinations or other transactions with Mr. Willing L. Biddle or any of Mr. Willing L. Biddle s or the late Mr. Charles J. Urstadt s respective affiliates without complying
 with the requirements of the Maryland business combination statute. Furthermore, shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights, except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast
 on the matter, excluding all interested shares. Under Maryland law, "control shares" are those which, when aggregated with any other shares held by the acquiror, allow the acquiror to exercise voting power within specified ranges. The control share
 provisions of Maryland law also could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control which our stockholders might deem to be in their best interests. As permitted by Maryland law, our bylaws provide that the "control shares" provisions
 of Maryland law described above will not apply to acquisitions of our stock. As permitted by Maryland law, our Board of Directors has exclusive power to amend the bylaws and the Board could elect to make acquisitions of our stock subject to the
 control shares provisions of Maryland law as to any or all of our stockholders. In view of the common equity securities controlled by Elinor F. Urstadt, for herself and in her capacity as the executor of Charles J. Urstadt s estate, and Willing L.
 Biddle and Catherine U. Biddle, any may control a sufficient percentage of the voting power of our common equity securities to effectively block approval of any proposal which requires a vote of our stockholders.

Our stockholder rights plan could deter a change of control.

We have adopted a stockholder rights plan. This plan may deter a person or a group from acquiring more than 10 of the combined voting power of our
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock because, after (i) the person or group acquires more than 10 of the total combined voting power of our outstanding Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, or (ii) the commencement of a tender
 offer or exchange offer by any person (other than us, any one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries or any of our employee benefit plans, or certain exempt persons), if, upon consummation of the tender offer or exchange offer, the person or group would
 beneficially own 30 or more of the combined voting power of our outstanding Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, number of outstanding Common Stock, or the number of outstanding Class A Common Stock, and upon satisfaction of certain other
 conditions, all other stockholders will have the right to purchase Common Stock and Class A Common Stock of the Company having a value equal to two times the exercise price
 of the right . This would substantially reduce the value of the stock owned by the acquiring person. Our Board of Directors can prevent the plan from operating by approving the transaction and redeeming the rights. This gives our Board of
 Directors significant power to approve or disapprove of the efforts of a person or group to acquire a large interest in us. The rights plan exempts acquisitions of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock by Willing L. Biddle, as well as members of
 Willing L. Biddle s and the late Charles J. Urstadt s families and certain of their affiliates.

The concentration of our stock ownership or voting power limits our stockholders ability to influence corporate
 matters.

Each share of our Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote. Each share of our Class A Common Stock entitles the holder to 1/20 of one vote per share. 
 Each share of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock have identical rights with respect to dividends except that each share of Class A Common Stock will receive not less than 110 of the regular quarterly dividends paid on each share of Common Stock. 
 As of October 31, 2022, Elinor F. Urstadt, for herself and in her capacity as the executor of Charles J. Urstadt s estate, and Willing L.
 Biddle and Catherine U. Biddle beneficially owned approximately 21.2 of the value of our outstanding Common Stock and Class A Common Stock,
 which together represented approximately 68.2 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. They therefore have significant influence
 over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. This
 concentrated control limits or restricts our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters.

12

Table Of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

13

Table Of Contents 

Item 2. Properties.

Properties 

The following table sets forth information concerning each property at October 31, 2022. Except as otherwise noted, all properties are 100 owned by the Company.

Retail Properties: 

Year Renovated 

Year Completed 

Year Acquired 

Gross Leasable Sq Feet 

Acres 

Number of Tenants 

Leased 

Principal Tenants 

Stamford, CT 

1997 

1950 

2002 

374,000 

13.6 

36 

98 

Stop Shop 

Stratford, CT 

1988 

1978 

2005 

281,000 

33.2 

20 

99 

Stop Shop, BJ's 

Scarsdale, NY (1) 

2004 

1958 

2010 

244,000 

14.0 

22 

95 

ShopRite 

New Milford, CT 

2002 

1972 

2010 

235,000 

20.0 

14 

100 

Walmart/Stop Shop 

Riverhead, NY (2) 

- 

2014 

2014 

198,000 

20.7 

4 

100 

Walmart 

Danbury, CT 

- 

1989 

1995 

194,000 

19.3 

15 

93 

Christmas Tree Shops 

Carmel, NY (3) 

2006 

1971 

2010 

189,000 

22.0 

30 

90 

Tops Markets 

Shelton, CT 

1994 

1982 

2022 

189,000 

22.0 

17 

97 

Stop Shop 

Brewster, NY 

1998 

1977 

2019 

174,000 

23.0 

26 

88 

Acme Supermarket 

Carmel, NY 

1999 

1983 

1995 

145,000 

19.0 

15 

94 

ShopRite 

Ossining, NY 

2000 

1978 

1998 

137,000 

11.4 

23 

92 

Stop Shop 

Somers, NY (4) 

- 

2002 

2003 

135,000 

26.0 

25 

75 

Goodwill 

Midland Park, NJ 

1999 

1970 

2015 

130,000 

7.9 

24 

81 

Kings Supermarket 

Yorktown, NY (5) 

1997 

1973 

2005 

123,000 

16.4 

13 

83 

Staples 

New Providence, NJ 

2010 

1965 

2013 

109,000 

7.8 

22 

100 

Acme Markets 

Newark, NJ 

- 

1995 

2008 

108,000 

8.4 

13 

100 

Seabra Supermarket 

Wayne, NJ 

1992 

1959 

1992 

103,000 

9.0 

42 

97 

Whole Foods Market 

Darien, CT 

1992 

1955 

1998 

96,000 

9.5 

20 

92 

Stop Shop 

Pompton Lakes, NJ (6) 

2000 

1965 

2015 

94,000 

12.0 

18 

65 

Planet Fitness 

Emerson, NJ 

2013 

1981 

2007 

93,000 

7.0 

9 

89 

ShopRite 

Stamford, CT (7) 

2013 

1963 1968 

2017 

87,000 

6.7 

24 

68 

Trader Joes 

New Milford, CT 

- 

1966 

2008 

81,000 

7.6 

6 

87 

Big Y 

Somers, NY 

- 

1991 

1999 

80,000 

10.8 

33 

99 

CVS 

Orange, CT 

- 

1990 

2003 

77,000 

10.0 

8 

100 

Trader Joes/TJ Maxx 

Kinnelon, NJ 

2015 

1961 

2015 

77,000 

7.5 

13 

100 

Marshalls 

Montvale, NJ (2) 

2010 

1965 

2013 

76,000 

9.9 

12 

89 

The Fresh Market 

Orangeburg, NY (8) 

2014 

1966 

2012 

74,000 

10.6 

24 

94 

CVS 

Dumont, NJ (9) 

- 

1992 

2017 

74,000 

5.5 

28 

93 

Stop Shop 

Stamford, CT 

2000 

1970 

2016 

74,000 

9.7 

15 

98 

ShopRite (Grade A) 

New Milford, CT 

- 

2003 

2011 

72,000 

8.8 

8 

88 

Staples/All Out Fitness 

Eastchester, NY 

2013 

1978 

1997 

70,000 

4.0 

13 

100 

DeCicco's Market 

Boonton, NJ 

2016 

1999 

2014 

63,000 

5.4 

9 

97 

Acme Markets 

Ridgefield, CT 

1999 

1930 

1998 

62,000 

3.0 

36 

88 

Keller Williams 

Fairfield, CT 

- 

1995 

2011 

62,000 

7.0 

3 

100 

Marshalls 

Bloomfield, NJ 

2016 

1977 

2014 

59,000 

5.1 

10 

100 

Walgreens/Food World 

Yonkers, NY (10) 

- 

1982 

2014 

58,000 

5.0 

12 

96 

Acme Markets 

Cos Cob, CT 

2008 

1986 

2014 

48,000 

1.1 

30 

98 

CVS 

Briarcliff Manor, NY (11) 

2014 

1975 

2001 

47,000 

1.0 

18 

96 

CVS 

Wyckoff, NJ 

2014 

1971 

2015 

43,000 

5.2 

15 

95 

Walgreens 

Westport, CT 

- 

1986 

2003 

40,000 

3.0 

3 

51 

BevMax 

Old Greenwich, CT 

- 

1976 

2014 

39,000 

1.4 

13 

93 

Kings Supermarket 

Rye, NY 

- 

Various 

2004 

39,000 

1.0 

21 

100 

A S Deli 

Derby, CT 

- 

2014 

2017 

38,000 

5.3 

8 

100 

Aldi Supermarket 

Passaic, NJ 

2016 

1974 

2017 

37,000 

2.9 

4 

91 

Dollar Tree/Family Dollar 

Danbury, CT 

2012 

1988 

2002 

33,000 

2.7 

7 

100 

Buffalo Wild Wings 

Bethel, CT 

1967 

1957 

2014 

31,000 

4.0 

7 

100 

Rite Aid/La Placita Supermarket 

Ossining, NY 

2001 

1981 

1999 

29,000 

4.0 

3 

88 

Westchester Community College 

Katonah, NY 

1986 

Various 

2010 

28,000 

1.7 

33 

71 

Squires 

Stamford, CT 

1995 

1960 

2016 

27,000 

1.1 

6 

92 

Federal Express 

Yonkers, NY 

1992 

1955 

2018 

27,000 

2.7 

14 

88 

AutoZone 

Waldwick, NJ 

- 

1953 

2017 

27,000 

1.8 

9 

90 

United States Post Office 

Harrison, NY 

- 

1970 

2015 

26,000 

1.6 

10 

100 

Harrison Market 

Pelham, NY 

2014 

1975 

2006 

25,000 

1.0 

7 

88 

Manor Market 

Eastchester, NY 

2014 

1963 

2012 

24,000 

2.1 

5 

100 

CVS 

Ridgefield, CT 

- 

1960 

2018 

23,000 

2.7 

12 

84 

William Pitt 

Waldwick, NJ 

- 

1961 

2008 

20,000 

1.8 

1 

100 

Rite Aid 

Somers, NY 

- 

1987 

1992 

19,000 

4.9 

10 

100 

Putnam County Savings Bank 

Cos Cob, CT 

1970 

1947 

2013 

15,000 

0.9 

10 

99 

Veterinarian Emergency 

Riverhead, NY (2) 

- 

2000 

2014 

13,000 

2.7 

3 

100 

Applebee's 

Greenwich, CT 

- 

1961 

2013 

10,000 

0.8 

6 

100 

Wells Fargo Bank 

Old Greenwich, CT (7) 

2001 

1941 

2017 

8,000 

0.8 

1 

100 

CVS 

Fort Lee, NJ 

- 

1967 

2015 

7,000 

0.4 

1 

100 

H-Mart 

Kingston, NY 

- 

Various 

2013 

3,000 

3.0 

1 

100 

Marine's Taste of Italy 

Office Properties and Bank Branches 

Greenwich, CT 

- 

Various 

Various 

58,000 

2.8 

15 

100 

UBP 

Bronxville Yonkers 

- 

1960 

2008 2009 

19,000 

0.7 

5 

100 

M T Bank, Chase Bank 

Stamford, CT (7) 

2012 

1960 

2017 

4,000 

0.5 

1 

100 

Chase Bank 

New City, NY 

- 

1973 

2018 

3,000 

1.0 

1 

100 

Putnam County Savings Bank 

5,307,000 

505.4 

942 

(1) Two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company own an 11.7917 economic ownership interest in the property. The Company accounts for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting and does not consolidate the entity owning the property.

(2) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has a 50 tenant in common interest in the property. The Company accounts for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting and does not consolidate its interest in the property.

(3) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has a 66.67 tenant in common interest in the property. The Company accounts for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting and does not consolidate its interest in the property.

(4) Property is shadow anchored by a Stop Shop Supermarket.

(5) Property is shadow anchored by a BJ's Wholesale Club

(6) Property is shadow anchored by a Lidl Supermarket.

7) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the sole managing member of a limited liability company that owns this property (29.2 ownership interest.

8) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the sole managing member of a limited liability company that owns this property (43.8 ownership interest.

9) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the sole managing member of a limited liability company that owns this property (37.8 ownership interest.

10) A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company is the sole managing member of a limited liability company that owns this property (53.0 ownership interest.

(11) Property is shadow anchored by an Acme Supermarket.

14

Table Of Contents 

Lease Expirations Total Portfolio 

The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the annual lease expirations for the consolidated properties for leases in place as of October 31, 2022, assuming that none of the tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options, if any, at or prior to the scheduled expirations.

Year of Expiration

Number of

 Leases Expiring

Square Footage

 of Expiring Leases

Minimum Base Rents

Percentage of Total

 Annual Base Rent

 that is Represented

 by the Expiring Leases

2023 (1)

204

493,155

14,559,000

14.3

2024

128

441,754

11,667,000

11.4

2025

104

453,073

11,488,000

11.2

2026

80

290,684

8,453,000

8.3

2027

90

507,814

12,769,000

12.5

2028

62

475,355

9,549,000

9.3

2029

44

307,608

7,509,000

7.4

2030

31

130,583

3,189,000

3.1

2031

39

224,523

5,194,000

5.1

2032

56

294,896

7,076,000

6.9

Thereafter

33

566,660

10,690,000

10.5

871

4,186,105

102,143,000

100

(1) 

Represents lease expirations from November 1, 2022 to
 October 31, 2023 and month-to-month leases.

15

Table Of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in legal proceedings. There are no material legal proceedings presently pending against the
 Company.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable

16

Table Of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock of the Company are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols "UBP" and "UBA," respectively.

Holders

At December 31, 2022, there were 485 shareholders of record of the Company's Common Stock and 530
 shareholders of record of the Class A Common Stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our Common Stock and Class A Common Stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by bank, brokers and other financial
 institutions.

Although the Company intends to continue to declare quarterly dividends on its Common shares and Class A Common shares, no assurances can be made as to the
 amounts of any future dividends. The declaration of any future dividends by the Company is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, the earnings, financial condition and capital requirements of
 the Company, as well as any other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. Two principal factors in determining the amounts of dividends are (i) the requirement of the Internal Revenue Code that a real estate investment trust distribute to
 shareholders at least 90 of its real estate investment trust taxable income, and (ii) the amount of the Company's available cash. For more information please see Item 7 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Each share of Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote. Each share of Class A Common Stock entitles the holder to 1/20 of one vote per share. Each
 share of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock have identical rights with respect to dividends except that each share of Class A Common Stock will receive not less than 110 of the regular quarterly dividends paid on each share of Common Stock.

Purchases of Equity Securities By the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

Following its initial December 2013 authorization, in June 2017, our Board of
 Directors re-approved a share repurchase program ("Prior Repurchase Program") for the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares, in the aggregate, of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock in open market transactions. For the three month period ended October 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased 451,986 shares of Class A
 Common Stock and 11,004 shares of Common Stock under the Prior Repurchase Program.

On October 3, 2022, our Board of Directors re-approved a new share repurchase
 program Current Repurchase Program for the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares, in the aggregate, of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock in open market transactions. The Current Repurchase Program was announced on October 3, 2022 and has no
 set expiration date. The timing and actual number of shares purchased under the program depend upon marketplace conditions and other factors. For the three month period ended October 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 485,998 shares of Class A Common stock and 6,840 shares of Common stock under the Current Repurchase Program.

Table A (Class A Common shares) 

The following table sets forth Class A Common shares repurchased by the Company during the three months ended October 31, 2022 under the Prior Repurchase Program and the Current Repurchase Program:

Period

Total Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

Average Price

 Per Share

 Purchased

Total Number

 of Shares Re-

 purchased as

 Part of Publicly

 Announced

 Plan or

 Program (a)

Maximum

 Number of

 Shares That

 May be

 Purchased

 Under the Plan

 or Program (a)

August 1, 2022 August 31, 2022

45,525

18.31

45,525

1,621,488

September 1, 2022 September 30, 2022

300,797

16.03

300,797

1,312,867

October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022

591,662

16.78

591,662

1,507,162

(a) See paragraph above regarding the Prior Repurchase Program and the Current Repurchase Program. The number of shares listed under the column The
 Maximum Number of Shares That May be Purchased Under the Plan or Program of Table A is inclusive of the number of shares listed under the same column of Table B.

Table B (Common shares) 

The following table sets forth Common shares repurchased by the Company during the three months ended October 31, 2022:

Period

Total Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

Average Price

 Per Share

 Purchased

Total Number

 of Shares Re-

 purchased as

 Part of Publicly

 Announced

 Plan or

 Program (a)

Maximum

 Number of

 Shares That

 May be

 Purchased

 Under the Plan

 or Program (a)

August 1, 2022 August 31, 2022

1,198

18.50

1,198

1,621,488

September 1, 2022 September 30, 2022

7,824

15.99

7,824

1,312,867

October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022

8,822

17.53

8,822

1,507,162

(a) See paragraph above regarding the Prior Repurchase Program and the Current Repurchase Program. The number of shares listed under the column The
 Maximum Number of Shares That May be Purchased Under the Plan or Program of Table B is inclusive of the number of shares listed under the same column of Table A.

In addition, from November 1, 2022 to December 19, 2022, the Company repurchased 116,016 shares of Class A Common Stock and 287 shares of Common Stock under
 the Current Repurchase Program through a Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) agreement entered into between the Company and its broker Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

In addition, from time to time, we could be deemed to have repurchased shares as a result of shares withheld for tax purposes upon a stock compensation related
 vesting event. During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 27,680 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 590,000 (weighted average price of 21.31
 per share) in connection with shares of Class A Common Stock surrendered or deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock award pursuant to the Company's
 Restricted Stock Award Plan. 

17

Table Of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. [Reserved]

18

Table Of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto included elsewhere in
 this report, the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Part I and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

19

Table Of Contents 

Executive Summary

Overview

We are a fully integrated, self-administered real estate company that has elected to be a Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT") for federal income tax
 purposes, engaged in the acquisition, ownership and management of commercial real estate, primarily neighborhood and community shopping centers, anchored by supermarkets, pharmacy/drug-stores and wholesale clubs, with a concentration in the
 metropolitan tri-state area outside of the City of New York. Other real estate assets include office properties, two self-storage facilities, single tenant retail or restaurant properties and office/retail mixed-use properties. Our major tenants
 include supermarket chains and other retailers who sell basic necessities.

At October 31, 2022, we owned or had equity
 interests in 77 properties, which include equity interests we own in four consolidated joint ventures and six unconsolidated joint ventures,
 containing a total of 5.3 million square feet of Gross Leasable Area GLA ). Of the properties owned by wholly-owned subsidiaries or joint
 venture entities that we consolidate, approximately 93.0 of the GLA was leased (91.9 at October 31, 2021). Of the properties owned by unconsolidated joint
 ventures, approximately 94.4 of the GLA was leased (93.9 at October 31, 2021). In addition, we own and operate self-storage facilities
 at two of our retail properties. Both self-storage facilities are managed for us by Extra Space Storage, a publicly-traded REIT. One of the self-storage facilities is
 located in the back of our Yorktown Heights, NY shopping center in below grade space. As of October 31, 2022 , this self-storage facility had 57,300 square feet of available GLA, which was 94.1 leased. As discussed later in this Item 7, we have also developed a second self-storage facility located in Stratford, CT with 90,000 square feet of available GLA. This facility has been operational for approximately 18
 months and is 87.0 leased. We are also close to
 completion on a third self-storage facility at our Pompton Lakes, NJ property and our anticipated investment to develop the facility is approximately 7 million. 

We have paid quarterly dividends to our stockholders continuously since our founding in 1969.

Impact of COVID-19

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19
 a global pandemic. During the early part of the pandemic, the U.S. market came under severe pressure due to numerous factors, including preventive measures taken by local, state and federal authorities to alleviate the public health
 crisis, such as mandatory business closures, quarantines, and restrictions on travel. These measures, as implemented by the tri-state area of Connecticut, New York and New Jersey, generally permitted businesses designated as essential to remain
 open, but limited the operations of other categories of our tenants to varying degrees. These restrictions have been long since lifted, and the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be much improved, with most tenant businesses
 operating at pre-pandemic levels. For certain categories of our tenants, such as dry cleaners and some small format fitness tenants, however, the negative impact of COVID-19 was more severe and the recovery is still in progress . 

The following information is intended to provide certain information regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our portfolio and our tenants:

As of October 31, 2022, all of our 71
 retail shopping centers, stand-alone restaurants and stand-alone bank branches are open and operating.

As of October 31, 2022, approximately
 87 of our GLA is located in properties anchored by grocery stores, pharmacies or wholesale clubs, 3.7 of our GLA is located in outdoor retail shopping centers adjacent to regional malls, and 7.8 of our GLA is located in outdoor
 neighborhood convenience retail, with the remaining 1.5 of our GLA consisting of six suburban office buildings located in Greenwich, Connecticut and Bronxville, New York and three retail bank branches. All six suburban office buildings are
 open and all of the retail bank branches are open.

20

Table Of Contents 

Rent Deferrals, Abatements and Lease Restructurings

Similar to other retail landlords across the United States, we received a number of requests for rent relief from tenants, with most requests received during
 the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic when stay-at-home orders were in place and many businesses were required to close. We evaluated each request on a case-by-case basis to determine the best course of action, recognizing that in many cases some
 type of concession may be appropriate and beneficial to our long-term interests. Although each negotiation has been specific to that tenant, most concessions have been in the form of deferred rent for some portion of rents due in April 2020 through
 the beginning of fiscal 2021, to be paid back over the later part of the lease, preferably within a period of one year or less. Some of these concessions have been in the form of rent abatements for some portion of tenant rents due.

In addition, we have continued to receive a small number of follow-on requests from tenants to whom we had already provided temporary rent relief in the
 early days of the pandemic. These tenants are generally ones whose businesses have been slower to recover from the pandemic, as discussed above, due to the high touch nature of their services or the impact of the remote workforce. These requests,
 however, are greatly reduced.

Each reporting period, we must make estimates as to the collectability of our tenants accounts receivable related to base rent, straight-line rent, expense
 reimbursements and other revenues. Management analyzes accounts receivable by considering tenant creditworthiness, current economic trends, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on tenants businesses, and changes in tenants payment patterns
 when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts.

As a result, in accordance with ASC Topic 842, we revised our collectability
 assumptions for many of our tenants that were most significantly impacted by COVID-19. This amount includes changes in our collectability assessments for certain tenants in our portfolio from probable to not probable, which requires that revenue
 recognition for those tenants be converted to cash basis accounting, with previously uncollected billed rents reversed in the current period. From the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic through the end of our second quarter of fiscal 2021, we
 converted 89 tenants to cash basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842. We have not converted any additional tenants to cash basis accounting since our second quarter of fiscal 2021. As of October 31, 2022, 34 of the 89 tenants are no longer tenants in the Company's properties. In
 addition, when one of the Company s tenants is converted to cash basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842, all previously recorded straight-line rent receivables need to be reversed in the period, in which the tenant is converted to cash
 basis revenue recognition. 

In continuing to evaluate the collectability of tenant lease income billings, during the year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 we determined that lease payments for 10 and
 13 tenants, respectively, which had previously been converted to cash-basis accounting as a result of our earlier assessment that their future lease payments were not probable of collection, had become probable of collection and were restored to
 accrual basis accounting. Our criteria for restoring a cash-basis tenant to accrual accounting required the tenant to demonstrate its ability to make current rental payments over the preceding six months and for that tenant to have no significant
 receivables at the time of reinstatement. As a result of the change in assessment for these tenants and the restoration of such tenants straight-line rent receivables, we recorded 57,200 and 582,000 in lease income in the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

During the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021,
 we recognized collectability adjustments/(recoveries) totaling (34,000) and 4.2 million, respectively. As of October 31, 2022, the revenue
 from approximately 3.7 of our tenants (based on total commercial leases) is being recognized on a cash basis.

Each reporting period, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company s real estate investments may be impaired, and
 management has concluded that none of the Company s investment properties are impaired at October 31, 2022. We will continue to monitor the
 economic, financial, and social conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and assess our real estate asset portfolio for any impairment indicators as required under GAAP. If we determine that any of our real estate assets are impaired, we will
 be required to take impairment charges, and such amounts could be material. See Footnote 1 to the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding our policies on impairment charges.

21

Table Of Contents 

Strategy, Challenges and Outlook

We have a conservative capital structure, which includes permanent equity sources of Common Stock, Class A Common Stock and two series of perpetual
 preferred stock, which are only redeemable at our option. In addition, we have mortgage debt secured by some of our properties and a 125 million Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (the "Facility"). We do not have any secured debt maturing until
 August of 2024.

Key elements of our growth strategy and operating policies are to:

maintain our focus on community and neighborhood shopping centers, anchored principally by regional supermarkets, pharmacy chains or wholesale
 clubs, which we believe can provide a more stable revenue flow even during difficult economic times, given the focus on food and other types of staple goods;

acquire quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in the northeastern part of the United States with a concentration on properties in the
 metropolitan tri-state area outside of the City of New York, and unlock further value in these properties with selective enhancements to both the property and tenant mix, as well as improvements to management and leasing fundamentals, with
 the hope of growing our assets through acquisitions subject to the availability of acquisitions that meet our investment parameters;

selectively dispose of underperforming properties and re-deploy the proceeds into potentially higher performing properties that meet our
 acquisition criteria;

invest in our properties for the long term through regular maintenance, periodic renovations and capital improvements, enhancing their
 attractiveness to tenants and customers (e.g. curbside pick-up), as well as increasing their value;

leverage opportunities to increase GLA at existing properties, through development of pad sites and reconfiguring of existing square footage, to
 meet the needs of existing or new tenants;

proactively manage our leasing strategy by aggressively marketing available GLA, renewing existing leases with strong tenants, anticipating tenant
 weakness when necessary by pre-leasing their spaces and replacing below-market-rent leases with increased market rents, with an eye towards securing leases that include regular or fixed contractual increases to minimum rents;

improve and refine the quality of our tenant mix at our shopping centers;

maintain strong working relationships with our tenants, particularly our anchor tenants;

maintain a conservative capital structure with low debt levels; and

control property operating and administrative costs.

We believe our strategy of focusing on community and neighborhood shopping centers, anchored principally by regional supermarkets, pharmacy chains or
 wholesale clubs, has been validated during the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe the nature of our properties makes them less susceptible to economic downturns than other retail properties whose anchor tenants do not supply basic necessities. During
 normal conditions, we believe that consumers generally prefer to purchase food and other staple goods and services in person, and even during the COVID-19 pandemic our supermarkets, pharmacies and wholesale clubs have been posting strong in-person
 sales. Moreover, most of our grocery stores implemented or expanded curbside pick-up or partnered with delivery services to cater to the needs of their customers during the COVID-19 pandemic.

We recognize, however, that the pandemic may have accelerated a movement towards e-commerce that may be challenging for weaker tenants that lack an
 omni-channel sales or micro-fulfillment strategy. We launched a program designating dedicated parking spots for curbside pick-up and are assisting tenants in many other ways. Many tenants have adapted to the new business environment through use of
 our curbside pick-up program, and early industry data seems to indicate that micro-fulfillment from retailers with physical locations may be a new competitive alternative to e-commerce. 

We have seen significant improvement in general business conditions, but the pandemic is still ongoing, with existing and new variants making the
 situation difficult to predict. Moreover, challenges presented by inflation, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and uncertainties in the U.S. economy could present continued or new challenges for our tenants. We will continue to accrue
 rental revenue during the deferral period, except for tenants for which revenue recognition was converted to cash basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842.

As a REIT, we are susceptible to changes in interest rates, the lending environment, the availability of capital markets and the general economy. The
 impacts of any changes are difficult to predict.

22

Table Of Contents 

Highlights of Fiscal 2022;
 Recent Developments

Set forth below are highlights of our recent property acquisitions, potential acquisitions under contract, other investments, property dispositions and
 financings:

In September 2021, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement to sell our property located in Chester, NJ to an unrelated
 third party for a sale price of 1.96 million, as that property no longer met our investment objectives. In accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-45, the property met all the criteria to be classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2021, and accordingly we recorded a loss on property held for sale of 342,000, which loss was included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2021. This loss has been added back
 to our FFO as discussed below in this Item 7. The amount of the loss represented the net carrying amount of the property over the fair value of the asset, less estimated cost to sell. In December 2021, the Chester sale was completed and we
 realized an additional loss on sale of property of 7,000, which loss is included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022.

In November 2021, we redeemed 59,819 units of UB High Ridge, LLC from noncontrolling members. The total cash price paid for the redemptions was
 1.4 million. As a result of the redemptions, our ownership percentage of High Ridge increased to 26.9 from 24.6 .

In December 2021, we refinanced our existing 6.5 million first mortgage payable secured by our Boonton, NJ property. The new mortgage has a
 principal balance of 11 million and requires payments of principal and interest at a fixed interest rate of 3.45 . The new mortgage matures in November 2031.

In February 2022, we sold one free-standing restaurant property located in Bloomfield, NJ, as that property no longer met our investment
 objectives. The property was sold for 1.8 million and we recorded a gain on sale of property in our second quarter of fiscal 2022 in the amount of 544,000.

In February 2022, we refinanced our existing 22.8 million first mortgage secured by our Stratford, CT property. The new mortgage has a principal
 balance of 35.0 million, a term of 10 years, and requires payments of principal and interest at a variable rate based on the Secured Overnight Finance Rate
 SOFR ), plus an applicable spread. Concurrent with entering into the mortgage, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with the lender as the counterparty, which converts the variable rate based on SOFR to a fixed rate of
 interest totaling 3.0525 per annum.

In February 2022, we purchased Shelton Square shopping center, and in July 2022 exercised an option to purchase a pad site adjacent to the shopping
 center (collectively, "Shelton"), for an aggregate of 35.6 million (exclusive of closing costs). Shelton is a 188,000 square foot grocery-anchored shopping center located in Shelton, CT. We funded the purchase with available cash, a 20
 million borrowing on our Facility, 10 million of which was repaid in March 2022, and proceeds from mortgage borrowings.

In March 2022, we sold one free-standing restaurant property located in Unionville, CT, as that property no longer met our investment objectives. 
 The property was sold for 950,000 and we recorded a gain on sale of property in our second quarter of fiscal 2022 in the approximate amount of 204,000.

In March 2022, we redeemed the remaining units of UB New City, LLC from the noncontrolling member. The total cash price paid for the redemption
 was 502,000. As a result of the redemption, we now own 100 of the entity.

In March 2022, we repaid our first mortgage secured by our Passaic, NJ property in the amount of 3.1 million with available cash.

In August 2022, we redeemed 59,760 units of UB High Ridge, LLC from noncontrolling members. The total cash price paid for the redemptions was 1.4
 million. As a result of the redemptions, our ownership percentage of High Ridge increased to 29.2 from 26.9 .

In October 2022, we redeemed 8,000 units of UB Dumont I, LLC from noncontrolling members. The total cash price paid for the redemptions was
 168,000. As a result of the redemptions, our ownership percentage of Dumont increased to 37.8 from 36.4 .

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
 we repurchased 1,202,932 shares of our Class A Common stock at an average price of 16.76 per share and 19,717 shares of our Common stock at an average price per share of 17.02 under previously announced share repurchase programs, as we
 believed it was a good use of our cash and a way to add value to our stockholders.

23

Table Of Contents 

Leasing

Overview

With the early negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic much improved and
 most tenant businesses operating at pre-pandemic levels, we have observed a marked increase in leasing activity, including interest from potential new tenants and tenants interested in renewing their leases. However, challenges presented by
 inflation, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and uncertainties in the U.S. economy could present continued or new challenges for our tenants . 

For the fiscal year 2022, we executed new
 leases and renewals for a total of 942,000 square feet of predominantly retail space in our consolidated portfolio. New leases for vacant spaces were signed for 190,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 1.8 on a cash basis. Renewals for
 752,000 square feet of currently occupied space were signed at an average rental increase of 3.7 on a cash basis.

Tenant improvements and leasing commissions averaged 46.70 per square foot for new leases for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. There was no significant cost related to our lease renewals for the fiscal year ended 2022. There is risk that some new tenants may be delayed in taking possession of their space or opening their
 businesses due to supply chain issues that result in construction delays or labor shortages. In the event we are responsible for all or a portion of the construction resulting in the delay, some tenants may have the right to terminate their
 leases or delay paying rent.

The rental increases/decreases associated with new and renewal leases generally include all leases signed in arms-length transactions reflecting market
 leverage between landlords and tenants during the period. The comparison between average rent for expiring leases and new leases is determined by including minimum rent paid on the expiring lease and minimum rent to be paid on the new lease in the
 first year. In some instances, management exercises judgment as to how to most effectively reflect the comparability of spaces reported in this calculation. The change in rental income on comparable space leases is impacted by numerous factors
 including current market rates, location, individual tenant creditworthiness, use of space, market conditions when the expiring lease was signed, the age of the expiring lease, capital investment made in the space and the specific lease structure.
 Tenant improvements include the total dollars committed for the improvement (fit-out) of a space as it relates to a specific lease but may also include base building costs (i.e. expansion, escalators or new entrances) that are required to make the
 space leasable. Incentives (if applicable) include amounts paid to tenants as an inducement to sign a lease that does not represent building improvements.

New leases signed in 2022 generally become effective over the following one to two years and have an average term of 5.3
 years. Renewals also have an average term of 4 years. There is risk that some new tenants will not ultimately take possession of their space and that tenants for both new and renewal leases may not pay all of their contractual rent due to operating,
 financing or other reasons. 

Impact of Inflation on Leasing

Our long-term leases contain provisions to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation on our operating results. Such provisions include clauses entitling us to
 receive scheduled base rent increases and percentage rents based upon tenants gross sales, which could increase as prices rise. In addition, many of our non-anchor leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increases in
 rents upon renewal at then current market rates if rents provided in the expiring leases are below then current market rates. Most of our leases require tenants to pay a share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes,
 insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation.

24

Table Of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates

Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation and uncertainty and are
 reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company and require management s most difficult, complex or subjective judgments. Our most significant accounting estimates are as follows:

Valuation of investment properties

Revenue recognition

Determining the amount of our allowance for doubtful accounts

Valuation of Investment Properties 

At each reporting period management must assess whether the value of any of its investment properties are impaired. The judgement of impairment is
 subjective and requires management to make assumptions about future cash flows of an investment property and to consider other factors. The estimation of these factors has a direct effect on valuation of investment properties and consequently net
 income. As of October 31, 2022, management does not believe that any of our investment properties are impaired based on information available
 to us at October 31, 2022. In the future, almost any level of impairment would be material to our net income.

Revenue Recognition 

Our main source of revenue is lease income from our tenants to whom we lease space at our 77 shopping centers. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused distress for many of our tenants as some of those tenant businesses were forced to close early in the pandemic, and although most have been
 allowed to re-open and operate, some categories of tenants have been slower to recover. As a result, we had several tenants who had difficulty paying all of their contractually obligated rents and we reached agreements with many of them to defer or
 abate portions of the contractual rents due under their leases with the Company. In accordance with ASC Topic 842, where appropriate, we will continue to accrue rental revenue during the deferral period, except for tenants for which revenue
 recognition was converted to cash basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842. However, we anticipate that some tenants eventually will be unable to pay amounts due, and we will incur losses against our rent receivables, which would reduce lease
 income. The extent and timing of the recognition of such losses will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and these future losses could be material.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

GAAP requires us to bill our tenants based on the terms in their leases and to record lease income on a straight-line basis. When a tenant does not pay a
 billed amount due under their lease, it becomes a tenant account receivable, or an asset of the Company. GAAP requires that receivables, like most assets, be recorded at their realizable value. Each reporting period we analyze our tenant accounts
 receivable, and based on the information available to management at the time, record an allowance for doubtful account for any unpaid tenant receivable that we believe is uncollectable. This analysis is subjective and the conclusions reached have a
 direct impact on net income. As of October 31, 2022, the portion of our billed but unpaid tenant receivables, excluding straight-line rent
 receivables that we believe are collectable, amounts to 1.4 million.

For a further discussion of our accounting estimates and critical accounting policies, please see Note 1 in our consolidated financial statements included in
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

25

Table Of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Overview

At October 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
 equivalents of 15.0 million, compared to 24.1 million at October 31, 2021. Our sources of liquidity and capital resources include operating cash flows from real estate operations, proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term mortgage debt, capital financings and sales of real estate investments. Substantially
 all of our revenues are derived from rents paid under existing leases, which means that our operating cash flow depends on the ability of our tenants to make rental payments. In fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, net cash flow provided by operating activities amounted to 77.8 million, 73.7 million and 61.9 million, respectively.

Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of normal recurring operating expenses and capital expenditures, debt service, management and
 professional fees, cash distributions to certain limited partners and non-managing members of our consolidated joint ventures, and regular dividends paid to our Common and Class A Common stockholders. Cash dividends paid on Common and Class A Common
 stock for fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 37.3 million, 29.0 million and 30.0 million, respectively. Historically, we have met short-term liquidity requirements, which is defined as a rolling twelve-month period,
 primarily by generating net cash from the operation of our properties. 

During the first two quarters of fiscal 2021, the Board of Directors declared and the Company paid quarterly dividends that were reduced from
 pre-pandemic levels. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the Board of Directors increased our Common and Class A Common stock dividends when compared to the reduced dividends that were paid during the earlier part of the
 pandemic. In December 2021, the Board of Directors further increased the annualized dividend by 0.03 per Common and Class A Common share beginning with our January 2022 dividend and continued at that rate with our second, third and fourth quarter
 dividends payable in April, July and October 2022, respectively. On December 14, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend, payable January 13, 2023, of 0.25 per Class A Share and 0.225 per Common share. Future determinations
 regarding quarterly dividends will impact the Company's short-term liquidity requirements.

Although we intend to continue to declare quarterly dividends on its Common shares and Class A Common shares, no assurances can be made as to the amounts of
 any future dividends. The declaration of any future dividends by us is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, the earnings, financial condition and capital requirements of the Company, as well
 as any other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. Two principal factors in determining the amounts of dividends are (i) the requirement of the Internal Revenue Code that a real estate investment trust distribute to shareholders at least
 90 of its real estate investment trust taxable income, and (ii) the amount of the Company's available cash.

In December 2021 and February 2022, we generated 16.7 million in net proceeds from refinancing two non-recourse first mortgages that were maturing.

In March 2022, we repaid our first mortgage secured by our Passaic, NJ property in the amount of 3.1 million with available cash.

In February 2022, we purchased Shelton Square shopping center, and in July 2022 exercised an option to purchase a pad site adjacent to the shopping center
 for an aggregate of 35.6 million (exclusive of closing costs). We funded the purchase with available cash, a 20 million borrowing on our Facility, 10 million of which was repaid in March 2022, and proceeds from mortgage borrowings.

In fiscal 2022, we repurchased 1,202,932 shares of our Class A Common stock at an average price per share of 16.76 and 19,717 shares of our Common stock at
 an average price per share of 17.02. All share repurchases were funded with available cash, borrowings under our Facility and proceeds from investment property sales.

Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of obligations under our long-term debt, dividends paid to our preferred stockholders, capital
 expenditures and capital required for acquisitions. In addition, the limited partners and non-managing members of our four consolidated joint venture entities, McLean Plaza Associates, LLC, UB Orangeburg, LLC, UB High Ridge, LLC and UB Dumont I,
 LLC, have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their limited partner or non-managing member interests at prices and on terms as set forth in the governing agreements. See Note 5 to the financial statements included in Item 8 of
 this Report on Annual Report on Form 10-K. Historically, we have financed the foregoing requirements through operating cash flow, borrowings under our Facility, debt refinancings, new debt, equity offerings and other capital market transactions,
 and/or the disposition of under-performing assets, with a focus on keeping our debt level low. We expect to continue doing so in the future. We cannot assure you, however, that these sources will always be available to us when needed, or on the
 terms we desire.

Capital Expenditures

We invest in our existing properties and regularly make capital expenditures in
 the ordinary course of business to maintain our properties. We believe that such expenditures enhance the competitiveness of our properties. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , we paid approximately 15.6 million for property improvements, tenant improvements and leasing
 commission costs 5.7 million representing property improvements, 4.8 million in property improvements related to our Stratford project and Pompton Lakes, NJ self-storage project (see paragraphs below) and approximately 5.1 million related to new tenant space improvements, leasing costs and capital improvements as a result of new tenant spaces). The amount of these expenditures can vary significantly
 depending on tenant negotiations, market conditions and rental rates. We expect to incur approximately 10.5 million for anticipated capital improvements, tenant improvements/allowances and leasing costs related to new tenant leases and
 property improvements during fiscal 2023. This amount is inclusive of commitments for the Stratford, CT and Pompton Lakes, NJ developments
 discussed directly below. These expenditures are expected to be funded from operating cash flows, bank borrowings or other financing sources.

We have begun construction of a new self-storage facility at our Pompton Lakes, NJ property. Our investment in this development is estimated to be 7
 million, which will be funded with available cash or borrowings on our Facility.

We are currently in the process of developing 3.4 acres of acquired land adjacent to a shopping center we own in Stratford, CT. We built one pad-site
 building that is leased to two retail chains and will be building another pad-site building once we receive approvals to move a cell tower to an alternate site on our adjacent shopping center property. These two pad sites total approximately 5,200
 square feet. In addition, we built a recently-opened self-storage facility of approximately 131,000 square feet located in Stratford, CT, which is managed for us by a national self-storage company. The total project cost of the completed pad site and
 the completed self-storage facility was approximately 18.8 million (excluding land cost). We plan on funding the development cost for the second pad site with available cash, borrowings on our Facility or other sources, as more fully described
 earlier in this Item 7. The Stratford storage building is approximately 87.0 leased as of October 31, 2022.

26

Table Of Contents 

Financing Strategy, Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and other Financing Transactions

Our strategy is to maintain a conservative capital structure with low leverage levels by commercial real estate standards. Mortgage notes payable and other
 loans of 302.3 million primarily consist of 1.7 million in variable rate debt with an interest rate of 4.3 as of October 31, 2022 and 299.2 million in fixed-rate mortgage loans with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83 at October 31, 2022. The mortgages are secured by 23 properties with a net
 book value of 489 million and have fixed rates of interest ranging from 3.1 to 5.6 . The 1.7 million in variable rate debt is unsecured. We may refinance our mortgage loans, at or prior to scheduled maturity, through replacement mortgage loans. 
 The ability to do so, however, is dependent upon various factors, including the income level of the properties, interest rates and credit conditions within the commercial real estate market. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such
 re-financings can be achieved. At October 31, 2022, we had 48 properties in the consolidated portfolio that were unencumbered by mortgages.

Included in the mortgage notes discussed above, we have nine promissory notes
 secured by properties we consolidate and two promissory notes secured by properties in joint ventures that we do not consolidate, the interest rate on which 11 notes is based on some variation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or SOFR,
 plus a specified credit spread amount. In addition, on each of the dates these notes were executed by us, we entered into a corresponding derivative interest rate swap contract, the counterparty of which was either the lender on the aforementioned
 promissory notes or an affiliate of that lender. These swap contracts are in accordance with the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc ("ISDA"). These swap contracts convert the variable interest rate in the notes, which are based on
 LIBOR or SOFR, to a fixed rate of interest for the life of each note. In July 2017, the United Kingdom regulator that regulates LIBOR announced its intention to phase out LIBOR rates by the end of 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in
 its capacity as administrator of USD LIBOR, subsequently announced that it extended publication of USD LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months to June 2023. In August and December 2022, we amended six mortgages and their
 related interest rate swap agreements to include market standard provisions for determining the benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR in the form of SOFR. We are in the process of working with the lenders and counterparties to amend the remaining
 promissory notes and swap contracts that reference LIBOR. We have good working relationships with all of our lenders/counterparties, and expect that the replacement reference rate under the amended notes will continue to match the replacement rates
 in the swaps. Therefore, we believe there would be no material effect on our financial position or results of operations. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our interest rate risk.

We currently maintain a ratio of total debt to total assets below 34.0 and a fixed charge coverage ratio of over 3.5 to 1 (excluding preferred stock
 dividends), which we believe will allow us to obtain additional secured mortgage loans or other types of borrowings, if necessary.

We currently have a 125 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a
 syndicate of three banks led by The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent. The syndicate also included Wells Fargo Bank N.A. and Bank of Montreal, as co-syndication agents. The Facility gives us the option, under certain conditions, to
 increase the Facility's borrowing capacity to 175 million, subject to lender approval. The maturity date of the Facility is March 29, 2024, with a one-year extension at our option. Borrowings under the Facility can be used for general corporate
 purposes and the issuance of letters of credit (up to 10 million). Borrowings will bear interest at our option of either the Eurodollar rate plus 1.45 to 2.20 , or The Bank of New York Mellon's prime lending rate plus 0.45 to 1.20 based on
 consolidated total indebtedness, as defined. We pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unused commitment amount of 0.15 to 0.25 based on outstanding borrowings during the year. Our ability to borrow under the Facility is subject to our compliance
 with the covenants and other restrictions on an ongoing basis. The principal financial covenants limit our level of secured and unsecured indebtedness, including preferred stock, and additionally requires us to maintain certain debt coverage ratios.
 We were in compliance with such covenants at October 31, 2022 . The Facility includes market standard provisions for determining the benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR .

The Facility contains representations and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants usual and customary for this type of agreement. So long
 as any amounts remain outstanding or unpaid under the Facility, we must satisfy certain financial covenants: 

unsecured indebtedness may not exceed 400 million;

secured indebtedness may not exceed 40 of gross asset value, as determined under the Facility;

total secured and unsecured indebtedness, excluding preferred stock, may not be more than 60 of gross asset value;

total secured and unsecured indebtedness, plus preferred stock, may not be more than 70 of gross asset value;

unsecured indebtedness may not exceed 60 of the eligible real asset value of unencumbered properties in the unencumbered asset pool as defined
 under the Facility;

earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization must be at least 175 of fixed charges, which exclude preferred stock dividends;

the net operating income from unencumbered properties must be 200 of unsecured interest expenses;

not more than 25 of the gross asset value and unencumbered asset pool may be attributable to the Company's pro rata share of the value of
 unencumbered properties owned by non-wholly owned subsidiaries or unconsolidated joint ventures; and

the number of un-mortgaged properties in the unencumbered asset pool must be at least 10 and at least 10 properties must be owned by the Company or
 a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

For purposes of these covenants, eligible real estate value is calculated as the sum of the Company's properties annualized net operating income for the
 prior four fiscal quarters capitalized at 6.75 and the purchase price of any eligible real estate asset acquired during the prior four fiscal quarters. Gross asset value is calculated as the sum of eligible real estate value, the Company's pro rata
 share of eligible real estate value of eligible joint venture assets, cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, the book value of the Company's construction projects and the Company's pro rata share of the book value of construction projects
 owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, and eligible mortgages and trade receivables, as defined in the agreement.

At October 31, 2022, we have 30.5 million
 outstanding on our Facility, with remaining borrowing capacity of 93.7 million.

See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further description of mortgage financing
 transactions in fiscal 2022 and 2021.

Contractual Obligations

Our contractual payment obligations as of October 31, 2022
 were as follows (amounts in thousands):

Payments Due by Period

Total

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Mortgage notes payable and other loans

302,316

7,612

26,449

87,483

12,940

43,333

124,499

Interest on mortgage notes payable

62,402

12,522

12,135

8,719

7,381

6,794

14,851

Capital improvements to properties 

10,500

10,500

-

-

-

-

-

Total Contractual Obligations

375,218

30,634

38,584

96,202

20,321

50,127

139,350

Includes committed tenant-related obligations based on executed leases as of October 31, 2022.

We have various standing or renewable service contracts with vendors related to property management. In addition, we also have certain other utility
 contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business which may extend beyond one year, which vary based on usage. These contracts include terms that provide for cancellation with insignificant or no cancellation penalties. Contract terms are
 generally one year or less.

27

Table Of Contents 

Unconsolidated Joint Venture Debt

We have six investments in real property through unconsolidated joint ventures:

a 66.67 equity interest in the Putnam Plaza Shopping Center,

an 11.792 equity interest in Midway Shopping Center L.P.,

a 50 equity interest in the Chestnut Ridge Shopping Center,

a 50 equity interest in the Gateway Plaza shopping center and the Riverhead Applebee s Plaza, and

a 20 economic interest in a partnership that owns a suburban office building with ground level retail.

These unconsolidated joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting, as we have the ability to exercise significant influence over,
 but not control of, the operating and financial decisions of these investments. Our unconsolidated joint venture investments are more fully discussed in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K. Although we have not guaranteed the debt of these joint ventures, we have agreed to customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g. guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) on certain loans of the
 joint ventures. The below table details information about the outstanding non-recourse mortgage financings on our unconsolidated joint ventures (amounts in thousands):

Principal Balance

Joint Venture Description

Location

Original Balance

At October 31, 2022

Fixed Interest Rate Per Annum

Maturity Date

Midway Shopping Center

Scarsdale, NY

32,000

23,700

4.80

Dec-2027

Putnam Plaza Shopping Center

Carmel, NY

18,900

17,700

4.81

Oct-2028

Gateway Plaza

Riverhead, NY

14,000

14,000

4.07

July-2032

28

Table Of Contents 

Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Variance from fiscal 2021 to 2022: 

The net increase in operating cash flows when compared with the corresponding prior period was primarily related to an increase of the collection of tenant
 accounts receivable in fiscal 2022 when compared with 2021, predominantly related to the company and our tenants as a whole further recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which allowed tenants to service their leases, and in some cases
 make payments of prior years' accounts receivable that had been fully reserved.

Variance from fiscal 2020 to 2021: 

The net increase in operating cash flows when compared with the corresponding prior period was primarily related to an increase of lease income related to
 the collection of rents that were deferred in fiscal 2020 and the collection of lease income from tenants that we account for on a cash basis in accordance with ASC Topic 842.

Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Variance from fiscal 2021 to 2022: 

The increase in net cash flows used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 when compared to the corresponding prior period was the
 result of purchasing one property in fiscal 2022 for a cash investment of 35.7 million. We did not acquire any properties in fiscal 2021.

Variance from 2020 to 2021: 

The decrease in net cash flows used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 when compared to the corresponding prior period was
 the result of selling two properties in fiscal 2021, which generated 13.0 million more in cash flow in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020, and expending 6.9 million less on property improvements in fiscal 2021 when compared with the corresponding prior
 period.

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Cash generated : 

Fiscal 2022: (Total 86.7 million) 

Proceeds from revolving credit line borrowings in the amount of 40.5 million.

Proceeds from mortgage notes payable and other loans of 46.0 million.

Fiscal 2021: (Total 39.4 million) 

Proceeds from revolving credit line borrowings in the amount of 39.2 million.

Fiscal 2020: (Total 35.2 million) 

Proceeds from revolving credit line borrowings in the amount of 35.0 million.

Cash used:

Fiscal 2022: (Total 129.3 million) 

Dividends to shareholders in the amount of 50.9 million, an increase of 8.2 million when compared with the prior period.

The repurchase of shares of Common and Class A stock in the amount of 20.5 million.

Repayment of mortgage notes payable 32.4 million.

Amortization of mortgage notes payable 7.4 million.

Repayments of revolving credit line borrowings 10.0 million.

Fiscal 2021: (Total 129.3 million) 

Dividends to shareholders in the amount of 42.7 million.

Repayment of mortgage notes payable 34.6 million.

Amortization of mortgage notes payable 6.9 million.

Repayments of revolving credit line borrowings 35.0 million.

Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests of 5.1 million.

Distributions to noncontrolling interests of 3.6 million.

Repurchase of Common and Class A Common stock in the amount of 1.0 million.

Fiscal 2020: (Total 131.5 million) 

Dividends to shareholders in the amount of 44.2 million.

Repayment of mortgage notes payable in the amount of 7.1 million.

Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests in the amount of 3.9 million.

Redemption of preferred stock series in the amount of 75.0 million.

29

Table Of Contents 

Results of Operations

Fiscal 2022 vs. Fiscal 2021 

The following information summarizes our results of operations for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands):

Year Ended October 31,

Change Attributable to:

Revenues

2022

2021

Increase

 (Decrease)

Change

Property

 Acquisitions/Sales

Properties Held in

 Both Periods (Note 1)

Base rents

103,559

99,488

4,071

4.1

1,592

2,479

Recoveries from tenants

34,067

35,090

(1,023

(2.9

319

(1,342

Less uncollectable amounts in lease income

13

1,529

1,516

99.1

-

1,516

Less ASC Topic 842 cash basis lease income reversal

(47

2,685

2,732

101.8

-

2,732

Total lease income

137,660

130,364

Lease termination

721

967

(246

(25.4

-

(246

Other income

4,722

4,250

472

11.1

6

466

Operating Expenses

Property operating

25,124

22,938

2,186

9.5

196

1,990

Property taxes

23,700

23,674

26

0.1

156

(130

Depreciation and amortization

29,799

29,032

767

2.6

749

18

General and administrative

9,934

8,985

949

10.6

n/a

n/a

Non-Operating Income/Expense

Interest expense

13,175

13,087

88

0.7

-

88

Interest, dividends, and other investment income

239

231

8

3.5

n/a

n/a

Note 1 Properties held in both periods includes only properties owned for the entire periods of 2022 and 2021 and for interest expense the amount also includes
 parent company interest expense. All other properties are included in the property acquisition/sales column. There are no properties excluded from the analysis.

Base rents increased by 4.1 to 103.6 million
 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 as compared with 99.5 million in the comparable period of 2021. The change in base rent and the changes in other income statement line items analyzed in the table above were attributable to:

Property Acquisitions and Properties Sold: 

In fiscal 2022, we acquired one property totaling 188,000 square feet and sold three properties totaling 14,300 square feet. In fiscal 2021, we sold two
 properties totaling 105,800 square feet. These properties accounted for all of the revenue and expense changes attributable to property acquisitions and sales in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 when compared with fiscal 2021.

Properties Held in Both Periods: 

Revenues

Base Rent 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , base rent for properties held in both periods increased by 2.5 million when
 compared with the corresponding prior periods as a result of additional leasing in the portfolio in fiscal 2022 when compared to the corresponding prior period. 

In fiscal 2022 , we leased or renewed approximately 942,000 square feet (or approximately 20.6 of total consolidated GLA). At
 October 31, 2022 , the Company s consolidated properties
 were 93.0 leased 91.9 leased at October 31, 2021 ). 

Tenant Recoveries 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , recoveries from tenants (which represent reimbursements from tenants for operating
 expenses and property taxes) decreased by a net 1.3 million when compared with the corresponding prior period. 

The decrease in tenant recoveries was the result of an under-accrual adjustment in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. We completed the 2020 annual
 reconciliations for both common area maintenance and real estate taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and those reconciliations resulted in us billing our tenants more than we had anticipated and accrued for in the prior period. This increased
 tenant reimbursement income in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and caused a negative variance in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. This net decrease was offset by an increase in property operating expenses in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
 when compared to the corresponding prior periods, predominantly related to insurance, environmental costs and roof repairs.

Uncollectable Amounts in Lease Income 

In the year ended October 31, 2022 , uncollectable amounts in lease income decreased by 1.5 million. In the second quarter
 of fiscal 2020, we significantly increased our uncollectable amounts in lease income based on our assessment of the collectability of existing non-credit small shop tenants' receivables given the on-set of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020. A
 number of non-credit small shop tenants' businesses were deemed non-essential by the states in which they operate and forced to close for a portion of the second and third quarters of fiscal 2020. This placed stress on our small shop tenants and
 made it difficult for many of them to pay their rents when due. This stress continued through the first half of fiscal 2021. Our assessment was that any billed but unpaid rents would likely be uncollectable. During the year ended October 31, 2022, many of our tenants continued to experience business improvement as regulatory restrictions continued to ease and individuals
 continued to return to pre-pandemic activities. As a result, the uncollectable amounts in lease income declined during such period, when compared with the corresponding period of the prior year and in addition we were successful in collecting prior
 period unpaid rents that we had fully reserved for.

ASC Topic 842 Cash Basis Lease Income Reversals 

We adopted ASC Topic 842 "Leases" at the beginning of fiscal 2020. ASC Topic
 842 requires, among other things, that if the collectability of a specific tenant s future lease payments as contracted are not probable of collection, revenue recognition for that tenant must be converted to cash-basis accounting and be limited to
 the lesser of the amount billed or collected from that tenant. In addition, any straight-line rental receivables would need to be reversed in the period that the collectability assessment changed to not probable. As a result of continuing to
 analyze our entire tenant base, we determined that as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 89 tenants' future lease payments were no longer probable of collection. All such tenants were converted to cash basis after our second quarter of fiscal 2020
 and prior to our third quarter of fiscal 2021. As of October 31, 2022, 34 of these 89 tenants are no longer tenants in the
 Company's properties. As a result of converting these tenants to cash-basis accounting in fiscal 2021, we reversed straight-line rent receivables in the net amount of
 673,000 and reversed billed but unpaid rents related to cash-basis tenants of 2.0 million. There were no significant charges related to cash-basis tenants in the year ended October 31, 2022 . 

As of October 31, 2022 , 32 tenants continue to be accounted for on a cash basis, or approximately 3.7 of our tenants. 
 Many of our cash-basis tenants are now paying a larger portion of their billed rents, which results in an increase in revenue recognition for those tenants accounted for on a cash basis when compared with the corresponding period of the
 prior year . 

Expenses

Property Operating 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , property operating expenses increased by 2.0 million when compared to the prior
 period as a result of having higher common area maintenance expenses related to insurance, environmental costs and roof repairs.

Property Taxes 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , property tax expense was relatively unchanged when compared with the corresponding
 prior period. 

Interest 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , interest expense was relatively unchanged, when compared with the
 corresponding prior period.

Depreciation and Amortization 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , depreciation and amortization was relatively unchanged, when compared with
 the corresponding prior period.

General and Administrative Expenses 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , general and administrative expenses increased by 949,000 when compared with the
 corresponding prior period, predominantly related to an increase in employee compensation, state tax expense related to a capital gain for a property we sold that was located in New Hampshire and professional fees. 

30

Table Of Contents 

Fiscal 2021 vs. Fiscal 2020 

The following information summarizes our results of operations for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands):

Year Ended October 31,

Change Attributable to:

Revenues

2021

2020

Increase

 (Decrease)

Change

Property

 Acquisitions/Sales

Properties Held in

 Both Periods (Note 2)

Base rents

99,488

99,387

101

0.1

(113

214

Recoveries from tenants

35,090

28,889

6,201

21.5

(105

6,306

Less uncollectable amounts in lease income

1,529

3,916

(2,387

(61.0

-

(2,387

Less ASC Topic 842 cash basis lease income reversal

2,685

3,419

(734

(21.5

(158

(576

Total lease income

130,364

120,941

Lease termination

967

705

262

37.2

-

262

Other income

4,250

5,099

(849

(16.7

(10

(839

Operating Expenses

Property operating

22,938

19,542

3,396

17.4

220

3,176

Property taxes

23,674

23,464

210

0.9

52

158

Depreciation and amortization

29,032

29,187

(155

(0.5

73

(228

General and administrative

8,985

10,643

(1,658

(15.6

n/a

n/a

Non-Operating Income/Expense

Interest expense

13,087

13,508

(421

(3.1

-

(421

Interest, dividends, and other investment income

231

398

(167

(42.0

n/a

n/a

Note 2 Properties held in both periods includes only properties owned for the entire periods of 2021 and 2020 and for interest expense
 the amount also includes parent company interest expense. All other properties are included in the property acquisition/sales column. There are no properties excluded from the analysis.

Base rents increased by 0.1 to 99.5 million for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 as compared with 99.4 million in the comparable period of 2020. The change in base rent and the changes in other income statement line items analyzed in the table above were
 attributable to:

Property Acquisitions and Properties Sold: 

In fiscal 2020, we sold two properties totaling 18,100 square feet. In fiscal 2021, we sold two properties totaling 105,800 square feet. These properties
 accounted for all of the revenue and expense changes attributable to property acquisitions and sales in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020.

Properties Held in Both Periods: 

Revenues

Base Rent 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , base rent for properties held in both periods increased by 214,000 when compared
 with the corresponding prior periods as a result of additional leasing in the portfolio in fiscal 2021 when compared to the corresponding prior period. 

In fiscal 2021 , we leased or renewed approximately 742,000 square feet (or approximately 16.8 of total consolidated GLA). At
 October 31, 2021 , the Company s consolidated properties
 were 91.9 leased (90.4 leased at October 31, 2020 ). 

Tenant Recoveries 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , recoveries from tenants (which represent reimbursements from tenants for operating
 expenses and property taxes) increased by a net 6.3 million when compared with the corresponding prior period. 

The increase in tenant recoveries was the result of having higher common area
 maintenance expenses in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 when compared with the corresponding prior period related to snow removal, landscaping and parking lot repairs. In addition, we completed the 2020 annual reconciliations for both common area maintenance and real estate taxes in the first
 half of fiscal 2021 and those reconciliations resulted in us billing our tenants more than we had anticipated and accrued for in the prior period, which increased tenant reimbursement income in fiscal 2021. In addition, the percentage of common area
 maintenance and real estate tax costs that we recover from our tenants generally increased in fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020 as the effects of the pandemic on our tenants businesses is lessening. 

Uncollectable Amounts in Lease Income 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , uncollectable amounts in lease income decreased by 2.4 million when compared with
 the prior year. In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we significantly increased our uncollectable amounts in lease income based on our assessment of the collectability of existing non-credit small shop tenants' receivables given the on-set of the
 COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020. A number of non-credit small shop tenants' businesses were deemed non-essential by the states where they operate and were forced to close for a portion of the second and third quarters of fiscal 2020. This placed
 stress on our small shop tenants and made it difficult for many of them to pay their rents when due. Our assessment was that any billed but unpaid rents would likely be uncollectable. During the fiscal year ended 2021, many of our tenants saw early
 signs of business improvement as regulatory restrictions were relaxed and individuals began returning to pre-pandemic activities following significant progress made in vaccinating the U.S. public. As a result, the uncollectable amounts in lease
 income have been declining. 

ASC Topic 842 Cash Basis Lease Income Reversals 

The Company adopted ASC Topic 842 "Leases" at the beginning of fiscal 2020. 
 ASC Topic 842 requires, amongst other things, that if the collectability of a specific tenant s future lease payments as contracted are not probable of collection, revenue recognition for that tenant must be converted to cash-basis accounting and
 be limited to the lesser of the amount billed or collected from that tenant, and in addition, any straight-line rental receivables would need to be reversed in the period that the collectability assessment changed to not probable. As a result of
 continuing to analyze our entire tenant base, we determined that as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 89 tenants' future lease payments were no longer probable of collection. All of these tenants were converted to cash basis after our second
 quarter of fiscal 2020 and prior to our third quarter of fiscal 2021. As of October 31, 2021, 27 of the 89 tenants are no longer
 tenants in the Company's properties. During the three months ended October 31, 2021, we restored 13 of the 89 tenants to accrual-basis accounting as those tenants have now
 demonstrated their ability to service the payments due under their leases and have no arrears balances. As of October 31, 2021, 49 tenants continue to be accounted for on a cash-basis, or 5.9 of our approximate 832 tenants. As a result of this
 assessment, we reversed 576,000 more in billed but uncollected rent and straight-line rent for cash basis tenants in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 than we did in fiscal 2021. 

Expenses

Property Operating 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , property operating expenses increased by 3.2 million when compared to the prior
 period as a result of having higher common area maintenance expenses related to snow removal, landscaping and parking lot repairs. 

Property Taxes 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , property tax expense was relatively unchanged when compared with the corresponding
 prior period. 

Interest 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , interest expense decreased by 421,000 when compared with the corresponding prior
 period, predominantly related to the refinancing of a mortgage secured by our New Providence, NJ property in fiscal 2021 and by repaying all outstanding amounts on our Facility in fiscal 2021. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , depreciation and amortization was relatively unchanged when compared with the
 corresponding prior period. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , general and administrative expenses decreased by 1.7 million when compared with
 the corresponding prior period, predominantly related to a decrease in compensation and benefits expense. The decrease was the result of accelerated vesting of restricted stock grant value upon the death of our former Chairman Emeritus in the second
 quarter of fiscal 2020. 

31

Table Of Contents 

Funds from Operations

We consider Funds from Operations FFO to be an additional measure of our operating performance. We report FFO in addition to net income applicable to
 common stockholders and net cash provided by operating activities. Management has adopted the definition suggested by The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT and defines FFO to mean net income (computed in accordance with
 GAAP) excluding gains or losses from sales of property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures.

Management considers FFO a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it primarily excludes the assumption that the value of our real
 estate assets diminishes predictably over time and industry analysts have accepted it as a performance measure. FFO is presented to assist investors in analyzing our performance. It is helpful as it excludes various items included in net income that
 are not indicative of our operating performance, such as gains (or losses) from sales of property and depreciation and amortization. However, FFO:

does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP (which, unlike FFO, generally reflects all cash effects of transactions and other events
 in the determination of net income); and

should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance.

FFO as defined by us may not be comparable to similarly titled items reported by other real estate investment trusts due to possible differences in the
 application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. The table below provides a reconciliation of net income applicable to Common and Class A Common Stockholders in accordance with GAAP to FFO for each of the three years in the period ended
 October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands):

Year Ended October 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net Income Applicable to Common and Class A Common Stockholders

26,054

33,633

8,533

Real property depreciation

23,403

22,936

22,662

Amortization of tenant improvements and allowances

4,211

4,429

4,694

Amortization of deferred leasing costs

2,114

1,599

1,737

Depreciation and amortization on unconsolidated joint ventures

1,530

1,518

1,499

(Gain)/loss on sale of properties

(767

(11,864

6,047

Funds from Operations Applicable to Common and Class A Common Stockholders

56,545

52,251

45,172

FFO amounted to 56.5 million in fiscal 2022
 compared to 52.3 million in fiscal 2021 and 45.2 million in fiscal 2020.

The net increase in FFO in fiscal 2022 when
 compared with fiscal 2021 was predominantly attributable, among other things, to:

Increases: 

An increase in base rent for new leasing in the portfolio after the first quarter of fiscal 2021.

A 1.5 million net increase in operating income related to our Shelton Square shopping center acquisition in the first quarter of fiscal 2022
 compared with the loss of operating income for properties sold in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022.

A decrease in uncollectable amounts in lease income of 1.5 million in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, when compared with the corresponding
 prior period. We significantly increased our uncollectable amounts in lease income based on our assessment of the collectability of existing non-credit small shop tenants' receivables given the onset of the COVID -19 pandemic in
 March 2020. A number of non-credit small shop tenants' businesses were deemed non-essential by the states in which they operate and forced to close for a portion of the second and third quarters of fiscal 2020. This placed stress on our
 small shop tenants and made it difficult for many of them to pay their rents when due. This stress continued through our first half of fiscal 2021. Our assessment was that any billed but unpaid rents would likely be uncollectable. During
 the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, many of our tenants continued to see signs of business improvement as regulatory restrictions continued to ease and individuals continued to return to pre-pandemic activities. As a result, the
 uncollectable amounts in lease income declined in fiscal 2022, when compared with the prior year. In addition, we collected prior period unpaid rents for tenants that we had fully reserved for.

We adopted ASC Topic 842 "Leases" at the beginning of fiscal 2020. ASC Topic 842 requires, among other things, that if the collectability of a
 specific tenant s future lease payments as contracted are not probable of collection, revenue recognition for that tenant must be converted to cash-basis accounting and be limited to the lesser of the amount billed or collected from that
 tenant. In addition, any straight-line rental receivables would need to be reversed in the period that the collectability assessment changed to not probable. As a result of continuing to analyze our entire tenant base, we determined that as
 a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 89 tenants' future lease payments were no longer probable of collection. All such tenants were converted to cash basis after our second quarter of fiscal 2020 and prior to our third quarter of fiscal 2021.
 As of October 31, 2022, 34 of these 89 tenants are no longer tenants in the Company's properties. As a result of converting these tenants to cash-basis accounting, we reversed straight-line rent receivables in the net amount of 673,000 and
 reversed billed but uncollected rents in the amount of 2.0 million in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. There were no significant charges related to cash-basis tenants in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022.

As of October 31, 2022, 3.7 of our tenants continue to be
 accounted for on a cash basis. Many of our cash-basis tenants are now paying a larger portion of their billed rents, which results in an increase in revenue recognition for those tenants accounted for on a cash basis when compared with the
 corresponding period of the prior year . 

Decreases: 

A decrease in variable lease income (cost recovery income) related to an under-accrual adjustment in recoveries from tenants for real estate taxes
 and common area maintenance in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, which increased revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and caused a negative variance in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022.

A 949,000 increase in general and administrative expenses predominantly related to increases in employee compensation, state tax expense related
 to a capital gain for a property we sold that was located in New Hampshire and professional fees in fiscal 2022, when compared to the corresponding prior period.

The net increase in FFO in fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020 was predominantly attributable, among other things, to:

Increases: 

An increase in variable lease income (cost recovery income) related to an under-accrual adjustment in recoveries from tenants for real estate taxes
 and common area maintenance in fiscal 2021 and a general increase in the rate at which we recover costs from our tenants as a result of the reduced impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our tenants businesses, which resulted in a positive
 variance in fiscal 2021 when compared to the same period of fiscal 2020.

A 262,000 increase in lease termination income in fiscal 2021 when compared with the corresponding prior period as a result of one tenant that
 occupied multiple spaces in our portfolio ceasing operations and buying out the remaining terms of its leases.

A net decrease in general and administrative expenses of 1.7 million,
 predominantly related to a decrease in compensation and benefits expense in fiscal 2021 when compared to the corresponding prior period. The decrease was the result of accelerated vesting of restricted stock grant value upon the death
 of our former Chairman Emeritus in the second quarter of fiscal 2020.

A decrease in uncollectable amounts in lease income of 2.4 million. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we significantly increased our uncollectable amounts in lease income based on our assessment of the collectability of existing non-credit small shop tenants' receivables given the onset of the COVID-19
 pandemic in March 2020. A number of non-credit small shop tenants' businesses were deemed non-essential by the states where they operate and were forced to close for a portion of the second and third quarters of fiscal 2020. This placed
 stress on our small shop tenants and made it difficult for many of them to pay their rents when due. Our assessment was that any billed but unpaid rents for such tenants would likely be uncollectable. During the fiscal year ended
 October 31, 2021, many of our tenants saw early signs of business improvement as regulatory restrictions were relaxed and individuals began returning to pre-pandemic activities following significant progress made in vaccinating the U.S.
 public. As a result, the uncollectable amounts in lease income have been declining. We have even recovered receivables that were previously reserved for.

A decrease in the reversal of lease income as a result of the application of ASC Topic 842 "Leases" in fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020. 
 ASC Topic 842 requires among other things, that if the collectability of a specific tenant s future lease payments as contracted are not probable of collection, revenue recognition for that tenant must be converted to cash-basis accounting
 and be limited to the lesser of the amount billed or collected from that tenant, and in addition, any straight-line rental receivables would need to be reversed in the period that the collectability assessment changed to not probable. As a
 result of continuing to analyze our entire tenant base, we determined that as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 89 tenants' future lease payments were no longer probable of collection. All of these tenants were converted to cash basis after
 our second quarter of fiscal 2020 and prior to our third quarter of fiscal 2021. As a result of this assessment, we reversed 734,000 more in billed but uncollected rent and straight-line rent for cash basis tenants in the fiscal year ended
 October 31, 2020 than we did in fiscal 2021. In addition, as the effect of the pandemic has lessened, even certain tenants accounted for on a cash-basis have paid more of their rents in fiscal 2021 than they did in fiscal 2020, which created
 a positive variance in FFO in fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020.

A decrease of 242,000 in net income to noncontrolling interests. This decrease was caused by our redemption of noncontrolling units in
 fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. In addition, distributions decreased to noncontrolling unit owners whose distributions per unit were based on the dividend rate of our Class A Common stock, which was significantly reduced in the first half of
 fiscal 2021 when compared to the corresponding prior period.

Decreases: 

A decrease in gain on marketable securities as we had invested excess cash in marketable securities and sold them in fiscal 2020, realizing a gain
 of 258,000 in fiscal 2020. We did not have similar gains in fiscal 2021, which creates a negative variance in fiscal 2021 when compared with fiscal 2020.

32

Table Of Contents 

Same Property Net Operating Income

We present Same Property Net Operating Income ("Same Property NOI"), which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Same Property NOI excludes from Net Operating
 Income NOI properties that have not been owned for the full periods presented. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NOI is operating income. To calculate NOI, operating income is adjusted to add back depreciation and amortization,
 general and administrative expense, interest expense, amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles and to exclude straight-line rent adjustments, interest, dividends and other investment income, equity in net income of unconsolidated joint
 ventures, and gain/loss on sale of operating properties.

We use Same Property NOI internally as a performance measure and believe Same Property NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our financial
 condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. Our management also uses Same Property NOI to evaluate property level performance and to make decisions about resource
 allocations. Further, we believe Same Property NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, Same Property NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating
 costs on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from income from continuing operations. Same Property NOI excludes certain components from net income attributable to Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. in order to provide
 results that are more closely related to a property s results of operations. For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the
 property level. In addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. Same Property NOI presented by us may not be comparable to Same
 Property NOI reported by other REITs that define Same Property NOI differently.

Twelve Months Ended October 31,

Three Months Ended October 31,

2022

2021

Change

2022

2021

Change

Same Property Operating Results:

Number of Properties (Note 1)

72

72

Revenue (Note 2)

Base Rent (Note 3)

98,814

99,065

(0.3) 

24,751

24,499

1.0 

Uncollectable amounts in lease income

(13)

(1,520)

(99.1) 

159

(149)

(206.7) 

ASC Topic 842 cash-basis lease income reversal-same property

(10)

(2,011)

(99.5) 

56

(129)

(143.4) 

Recoveries from tenants

33,506

34,847

(3.8) 

8,143

8,044

1.2 

Other property income

1,491

476

213.2 

229

117

95.7 

133,788

130,857

2.2 

33,338

32,382

3.0 

Expenses

Property operating

14,469

14,107

2.6 

3,487

3,111

12.1 

Property taxes

23,387

23,542

(0.7) 

5,833

5,887

(0.9) 

Other non-recoverable operating expenses

2,523

2,053

22.9 

899

573

56.9 

40,379

39,702

1.7 

10,219

9,571

6.8 

Same Property Net Operating Income

93,409

91,155

2.5 

23,119

22,811

1.4 

Reconciliation of Same Property NOI to Most Directly Comparable GAAP Measure:

Other reconciling items: 

Other non same-property net operating income

2,131

937

686

55

Other Interest income

657

471

187

122

Other Dividend Income

84

52

24

16

Consolidated lease termination income

723

967

32

166

Consolidated amortization of above and below market leases

972

632

274

177

Consolidated straight line rent income

241

(2,396)

289

306

Equity in net income of unconsolidated joint ventures

1,397

1,323

583

298

Taxable REIT subsidiary income/(loss)

(287)

303

(107)

(116)

Solar income/(loss)

(361)

(163)

(128)

(4)

Storage income/(loss)

2,225

1,236

653

431

Unrealized holding gains arising during the periods

-

-

-

-

Gain on sale of marketable securities

-

-

-

-

Interest expense

(13,175)

(13,087)

(3,425)

(3,025)

General and administrative expenses

(9,934)

(8,985)

(2,261)

(2,109)

Uncollectable amounts in lease income

(13)

(1,529)

159

(149)

Uncollectable amounts in lease income - same property

13

1,520

(159)

149

ASC Topic 842 cash-basis lease income reversal

(10)

(2,011)

56

(129)

ASC Topic 842 cash-basis lease income reversal-same property

10

2,011

(56)

129

Directors fees and expenses

(500)

(355)

(217)

(78)

Depreciation and amortization

(29,799)

(29,032)

(7,439)

(7,259)

Adjustment for intercompany expenses and other

(5,276)

(3,985)

(1,064)

(950)

Total other -net

(50,902)

(52,091)

(11,913)

(11,970)

Income from continuing operations

42,507

39,064

8.8 

11,206

10,841

3.4 

Gain (loss) on sale of real estate

767

11,864

(1)

(350)

Net income

43,274

50,928

(15.0) 

11,205

10,491

6.8 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(3,570)

(3,645)

(875)

(921)

Net income attributable to Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.

39,704

47,283

(16.0) 

10,330

9,570

7.9 

Same Property Operating Expense Ratio (Note 4)

88.5 

92.6 

(4.0) 

87.4 

89.4 

(2.0) 

Note 1 - Includes only properties owned for the entire period of both periods presented.

Note 2 - Excludes straight line rent, above/below market lease rent, lease termination income.

Note 3 - Base rents for the three and twelve month periods ended October 31, 2022 are reduced by approximately 0 and 87,000, respectively, in rents that were deferred and approximately 0 and 160,000, in rents that were abated because of COVID-19. Base rents for the three and twelve month periods ended October 31, 2022, are increased by approximately 5,000 and 470,000, respectively, in COVID-19 deferred rents that were billed and collected in the fiscal 2022 periods.

Base rents for the three and twelve month periods ended October 31, 2021 are reduced by approximately 27,000 and 552,000, respectively, in rents that were deferred and approximately 309,000 and 3.0 million, in rents that were abated because of COVID-19. Base rents for the three and nine month periods ended October 31, 2021, are increased by approximately 345,000 and 3.0 million, respectively, in COVID-19 deferred rents that were billed and collected in the fiscal 2021 periods.

Note 4 -Represents the percentage of property operating expense and real estate tax.

33

Table Of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily through our borrowing activities, which include fixed-rate mortgage debt and, in limited circumstances,
 variable rate debt. As of October 31, 2022, we had total mortgage debt and other notes payable of 299.2 million, of which 100 was fixed-rate, inclusive of variable rate mortgages that have been
 swapped to fixed interest rates using interest rate swap derivatives contracts. 

Our fixed-rate debt presents inherent rollover risk for borrowings as they mature and are renewed at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not
 quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and our future financing requirements.

To reduce our exposure to interest rate risk on variable-rate debt, we use interest rate swap agreements, for example, to convert some of our variable-rate
 debt to fixed-rate debt. As of October 31, 2022, we had nine open derivative financial instruments in our consolidated portfolio. These interest rate swaps are cross collateralized with mortgages on properties in Ossining, NY, Yonkers, NY,
 Orangeburg, NY, Brewster, NY, Stamford, CT, Greenwich CT, Darien, CT, Stratford, CT, and Dumont, NJ. The Ossining swap expires in August 2024, the Yonkers swap expires in November 2024, the Orangeburg swap expires in October 2024, the Brewster swap
 expires in July 2029, the Stamford swap expires in July 2027, the Greenwich swaps expire in October 2026, the Darien swap expires in April 2029, the Stratford swap expires in February 2032 and the Dumont swap expires in August 2028, in each case
 concurrent with the maturity of the respective mortgages. All of the aforementioned derivatives contracts are adjusted to fair market value at each reporting period. We have concluded that all of the aforementioned derivatives contracts are effective
 cash flow hedges as defined in ASC Topic 815. We are required to evaluate the effectiveness at inception and at each reporting date. As a result of the aforementioned derivatives contracts being effective cash flow hedges all changes in fair market
 value are recorded directly to stockholders equity in accumulated comprehensive income and have no effect on our earnings.

Under existing guidance, the publication of the LIBOR reference rate was to be
 discontinued beginning on or around the end of 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in its capacity as administrator of USD LIBOR, has announced that it intends to extend publication of USD LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month
 tenors) by 18 months to June 2023. Notwithstanding this possible extension, a joint statement by key regulatory authorities calls on banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate by no later than December 31,
 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in its capacity as administrator of USD LIBOR, subsequently announced that it extended publication of USD LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months to June 2023. In August and
 December 2022, we amended six mortgages and their related interest rate swap agreements to include market standard provisions for determining the benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR in the form of SOFR. We are in the process of working with the
 lenders and counterparties to amend the remaining promissory notes and swap contracts that reference LIBOR. We have good working relationships with all of our lenders/counterparties, and expect that the replacement reference rate under the amended
 notes will continue to match the replacement rates in the swaps. Therefore, we believe there would be no material effect on our financial position or results of operations. See We may be adversely affected by changes in LIBOR reporting practices, the method in which LIBOR is determined or the use of alternative reference rates under Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K for more information. 

At October 31, 2022, we had 30.5 million
 outstanding on our Facility, which bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.45 . If interest rates were to rise 1 , our interest expense as a result of
 the variable rate would increase by any amount outstanding multiplied by 1 per annum.

The following table sets forth the Company s long-term debt obligations by
 principal cash payments and maturity dates, weighted average fixed interest rates and estimated fair value at October 31, 2022 (amounts in
 thousands, except weighted average interest rate): 

For the Fiscal Year Ended October 31,

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total

Estimated Fair Value

Mortgage notes payable and other loans

7,612

26,449

87,483

12,940

43,333

124,499

302,316

277,574

Weighted average interest rate for debt maturing

n/a

4.15

3.93

3.53

3.50

3.85

3.83

34

Table Of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The consolidated financial statements required by this Item, together with the reports of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm thereon
 and the supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 are included under Item 15 of this Annual Report.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure.

There were no changes in, or any disagreements with, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm on accounting principles and practices or
 financial disclosure during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's
 management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based upon that
 evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective. During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal
 control over financial reporting.

35

Table Of Contents 

(a) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and
 effected by the Company's Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles.

The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: relate to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
 detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; provide reasonable assurance of the recording of all transactions necessary to permit the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the proper authorization of receipts and expenditures in accordance with authorization of the Company's management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its assessment, management determined that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2022. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP has audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as
 indicated in their attestation report which is included in (b) below.

36

Table Of Contents 

(b) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance
 sheets of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022, and our report dated January 12, 2023,
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
 reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered
 necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
 maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
 of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP

New York, New York

January 12, 2023

37

Table Of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information.

None

38

Table Of Contents 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections .

Not applicable

39

Table Of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The Company will file its definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 within the period required under the applicable rules of the SEC. The additional information required by this Item is included under the captions Election of
 Directors , Information Concerning Continuing Directors and Executive Officers , Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions , Corporate Governance and Board Matters , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and other information included in the
 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (the Code of Ethics that is available at the Investors/Governance/Governance
 Documents section of our website at www.ubproperties.com. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available in print, free of charge, to stockholders upon request to us at the following address:

Attention: Corporate Secretary

321 Railroad Avenue

Greenwich, CT 06830

We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding an amendment to or waiver from a
 provision of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our web site.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

The Company will file its definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 within the period required under the applicable rules of the SEC. The information required by this Item is included under the captions Compensation Discussion
 and Analysis , Executive Compensation , Director Compensation , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report , and as part of the executive compensation and director related compensation tables and
 other information included in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The Company will file its definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 within the period required under the applicable rules of the SEC. The information required by this Item is included under the captions, Equity Compensation
 Plans , Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and other information included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.

The Company will file its definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 within the period required under the applicable rules of the SEC. The information required by this Item is included under the captions Corporate Governance and
 Board Matters Board Independence , Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and other information included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: 127 . 

The Company will file its definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 22, 2023 within the period required under the applicable rules of the SEC. The information required by this Item is included under the caption Fees Billed by Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm of such Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

40

Table Of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule

A. 

Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule

1. 

Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index to financial statements on Page 42 are filed as part of this Annual
 Report.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedule --

The financial statement schedule required by this Item is filed with this report and are listed in the accompanying index to financial
 statements on Page 42. All other financial statement schedules are not applicable.

B. 

Exhibits

Listed below are all Exhibits filed as part of this report. Certain Exhibits are incorporated by reference to documents previously filed by the Company with the
 SEC pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exhibit

3.1

(a) Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated December 30, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) of the Company's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(b) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated March 12, 1997, classifying the Company's Series A Participating Preferred Shares
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(c) Articles of Amendment with Name Change dated March 11, 1998 to the Company's Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1(c) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(d) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated June 16, 1998, classifying the Company's Class A Common Stock (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1(d) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(e) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated April 7, 2005, classifying the Company's Series D Senior Cumulative Preferred Stock
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(e) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(f) Certificate of Correction dated April 29, 2005 to the Articles Supplementary of the Company dated April 7, 2005 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1(f) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(g) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated April 29, 2005, classifying 850,000 additional shares of the Company's Series D Senior
 Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(g) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(h) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated June 3, 2005, classifying 450,000 additional shares of the Company's Series D Senior
 Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(h) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(i) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated October 22, 2012, classifying the Company's Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(i) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(j) Articles of Amendment dated March 21, 2013 to the Company's Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1(j) of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(k) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated October 23, 2014, classifying the Company's Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(l) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated December 12, 2014, reclassifying several series of the Company's preferred stock (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2014 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(m) Articles Supplementary of the Company dated September 13, 2017, classifying the Company's 6.250 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(m)) of the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on September 15, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-12803). 

(n) Articles Supplementary of the Company, dated August 13, 2018, classifying the Company s Series I Participating Preferred Shares
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2018 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(o) Articles Supplementary of the Company, dated August 13, 2018, classifying the Company s Series J Participating Preferred Shares
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2018 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

(p) Articles Supplementary of the Company, dated September 27, 2019, classifying the Company s 5.875 Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(p) of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on September 27, 2019 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

3.2

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company as of December 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

4.1

Common Stock: See Exhibits 3.1 (a)-(p) hereto.

4.2

Rights Agreement between the Company and Computershare Inc., as Rights Agent, dated as of August 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2018 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

4.3

Series H Preferred Shares: See Exhibits 3.1 (a)-(p) hereto.

4.4

Series I Preferred Shares: See Exhibits 3.1 (a)-(p) hereto.

4.5

Series J Preferred Shares: See Exhibits 3.1 (a)-(p) hereto.

4.6

Series K Preferred Shares: See Exhibits 3.1 (a)-(p) hereto.

4.7

Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1

Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Award Plan as approved by the Company's stockholders on March 24, 2016 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2016 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.2

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Award Plan as approved by the Company s stockholders on March 21, 2019 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 28, 2019 (SEC File No. 333-230571). #

10.3

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement with Restricted Stock Plan Participants (Non-Director Employees) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
 the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.4

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement with Restricted Stock Plan Participants (Employee Director) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the
 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.5

Forms of Restricted Stock Award Agreements with Restricted Stock Plan Participants (Non-Employee Director)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of
 the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.6

Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3
 filed on March 31, 2010 (SEC File No. 333-64381)). 

10.7

Amended and Restated Excess Benefit and Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2008 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.8

Form of Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreements between Company and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 11, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.9

For of Indemnification Agreement between Company and Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q filed on March 11, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). #

10.10

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, as Administrative Agent, and
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Bank of Montreal as Co-Syndication Agents and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (SEC File No. 001-12803)). 

21

List of the Company's
 subsidiaries. 

23

Consent of PKF O'Connor
 Davies, LLP. 

31.1

Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, signed and dated by Willing L. Biddle. 

31.2

C ertification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, signed and dated by John T. Hayes. 

32

C ertification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Willing L. Biddle and John T. Hayes. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

# 

Management contract, compensation plan arrangement.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

41

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

Item 15.

Page

Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2022 and 2021 

43

Consolidated Statements of Income for each
 of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022 

44

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 Income for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022 

45

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of
 the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022 

46

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
 Equity for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022 

47

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

48

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

64

Schedule

III

Real Estate and Accumulated
 Depreciation - October 31, 2022 

66

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the
 related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.

42

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands, except share data)

October 31, 2022

October 31, 2021

ASSETS

Real Estate Investments:

Real Estate at cost

Less: Accumulated depreciation

Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures

Cash and cash equivalents

Tenant receivables

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Deferred charges, net of accumulated amortization

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities:

Revolving credit lines

Mortgage notes payable and other loans

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Deferred compensation officers

Other liabilities

Total Liabilities

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

Commitments and Contingencies

Stockholders' Equity:

Series H Cumulative Preferred Stock
 (liquidation preference of per share); shares issued and outstanding

Series K Cumulative Preferred
 Stock (liquidation preference of per share) shares issued and outstanding

Excess Stock, par value per share;
 shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Common Stock, par value per share;
 shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding

Class A Common Stock, par value per
 share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid in capital

Cumulative distributions in excess of net income

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Total Stockholders' Equity

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

43

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(In thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended October 31,

2022

2021

2020

Revenues

Lease income

Lease termination

Other

Total Revenues

Expenses

Property operating

Property taxes

Depreciation and amortization

General and administrative

Directors' fees and expenses

Total Operating Expenses

Operating Income

Non-Operating Income (Expense):

Interest expense

Equity in net income from unconsolidated joint ventures

Gain on sale of marketable securities

Interest, dividends and other investment income

Gain (loss) on sale of properties

Net Income

Noncontrolling interests:

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income attributable to Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.

Preferred stock dividends

Net Income Applicable to Common and Class A Common Stockholders

Basic Earnings Per Share:

Per Common Share

Per Class A Common Share

Diluted Earnings Per Share:

Per Common Share

Per Class A Common Share

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

44

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC . 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(In thousands)

Year Ended October 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net Income

Other comprehensive income:

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps-equity investees

Total comprehensive income

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Total comprehensive income attributable to Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.

Preferred stock dividends

Total comprehensive income applicable to Common and Class A Stockholders

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

45

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

Year Ended October 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided

by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Straight-line rent adjustment

Provisions for tenant credit losses

(Gain) on sale of marketable securities

Restricted stock compensation expense and other adjustments

Deferred compensation arrangement

(Gain) loss on sale of properties

Equity in net (income) of unconsolidated joint ventures

Distributions of operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Tenant receivables

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Other assets and other liabilities, net

Net Cash Flow Provided by Operating Activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Acquisitions of real estate investments

Deposits on acquisition of real estate investments

Return of deposits on real estate investments

Improvements to properties and deferred charges

Net proceeds from sale of properties

Purchases of securities available for sale

Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities

Investment in note receivable

Return of capital from unconsolidated joint ventures

Net Cash Flow (Used in) Investing Activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Dividends paid -- Common and Class A Common Stock

Dividends paid -- Preferred Stock

Amortization payments on mortgage notes payable

Proceeds from mortgage note payable and other loans

Repayment of mortgage notes payable and other loans

Proceeds from revolving credit line borrowings

Sales of additional shares of Common and Class A Common Stock

Repayments on revolving credit line borrowings

Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

Repurchase of shares of Class A Common Stock

Payment of taxes on shares withheld for employee taxes

Net proceeds from issuance of Preferred Stock

Redemption of preferred stock

Net Cash Flow (Used in) Financing Activities

Net Increase/(Decrease) In Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
 statements

46

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(In thousands, except shares and per share data)

Series H

 Preferred

 Stock

 Issued

Series H

 Preferred

 Stock

 Amount

Series K Preferred

 Stock

 Issued

Series K

 Preferred

 Stock

 Amount

Common

 Stock

 Issued

Common

 Stock

 Amount

Class A

 Common

 Stock

 Issued

Class A

 Common

 Stock

 Amount

Additional

 Paid In

 Capital

Cumulative

 Distributions

 In Excess of

 Net Income

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 Income (Loss)

Total

 Stockholders

 Equity

Balances - October 31, 2019 

Net income applicable to Common and Class A common stockholders 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Change in unrealized (loss) on interest rate swap 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Cash dividends paid : 

Common stock 
 per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Class A common stock per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares issued under restricted stock plan 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares withheld for employee taxes 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Restricted stock compensation and other adjustment 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balances - October 31, 2020 

Net income applicable to Common and Class A common stockholders 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Cash dividends paid : 

Common stock 
 per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Class A common stock per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares issued under restricted stock plan

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares withheld for employee taxes

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Repurchase of Common and Class A Common stock 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Restricted stock compensation and other adjustment 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balances - October 31, 2021 

Net income applicable to Common and Class A common stockholders 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Change in unrealized gains on interest rate swap 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Cash dividends paid : 

Common stock 
 per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Class A common stock per share)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Issuance of shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares issued under restricted stock plan 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares withheld for employee taxes 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Repurchase of Common and Class A Common stock 

-

-

-

-

-

-

Restricted stock compensation and other adjustments 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balances - October 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.

47

Table Of Contents 

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

October 31, 2022

properties containing a total of 
 million square feet of gross leasable area ("GLA").

of real estate trust taxable income and meets certain other qualifications prescribed by
 the Code will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income that is distributed. The Company believes it qualifies as a REIT and intends to distribute all of its taxable income for fiscal 2022 in accordance with the provisions of the Code. Accordingly, no provision has been made for Federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

through and including remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue
 Service. There are currently no federal tax examinations in progress.

to 
 years. Property improvements are depreciated over the estimated useful lives that range from to years. Furniture and fixtures are depreciated over the estimated useful lives that range from to years. Tenant improvements are amortized over the .

48

Table Of Contents 

, as that property no longer met the Company's investment objectives. In accordance with ASC Topic
 606, "Contracts with Customers," and ASC Topic 610-20 "Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets," the Company recorded a gain on sale in the
 amount of , which gain is included in continuing operations in its consolidated income statements for the year ended October 31, 2022,
 when the Company's performance obligation was met, the transfer of the property's title to the buyer and when consideration was received from the buyer for that performance obligation.

million, as that property no longer met the Company's investment objectives. In accordance with ASC
 Topic 606, "Contracts with Customers," and ASC Topic 610-20 "Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets," the Company recorded a gain on sale in
 the amount of , which gain is included in continuing operations in its consolidated income statements for the year ended October 31,
 2022, when the Company's performance obligation was met, the transfer of the property's title to the buyer and when consideration was received from the buyer for that performance obligation.

million as that property no longer met its investment objectives. In accordance with ASC Topic
 360-10-45, the property met all the criteria to be classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, and accordingly the Company recorded a loss on property held for sale of , which loss was included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2021. The amount of the loss represented the net carrying amount
 of the property over the fair value of the asset less estimated cost to sell. The net book value of the Chester Property was insignificant to financial statement presentation and as a result the Company did not include the asset as held for sale on
 its consolidated balance sheet at October 31, 2021. In December 2021, the Chester Property sale was completed and the Company realized an additional loss on sale of property of , which loss will be included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2022.

million as that property no longer met the Company's investment
 objectives. In accordance with ASC Topic 606, "Contracts with Customers," and ASC Topic 610-20 "Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets," the Company recorded a gain on sale in the amount of million, which gain is included in continuing operations in its consolidated income statements for the year ended October 31, 2021, when the
 Company's performance obligation was met, the transfer of the property's title to the buyer and when consideration was received from the buyer for that performance obligation. 

million, as that property no longer met the Company's investment objectives. In accordance with ASC
 Topic 606, "Contracts with Customers," and ASC Topic 610-20 "Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets," the Company recorded a gain on sale in
 the amount of , which gain is included in continuing operations in its consolidated income statements for the year ended October 31,
 2021, when the Company's performance obligation was met, the transfer of the property's title to the buyer and when consideration was received from the buyer for that performance obligation.

square foot portion of its property located in Pompton Lakes, NJ (the "Pompton Lakes Property") to an unrelated third party for a sale price of million. In accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-45, that portion of the property met all the criteria to be classified as held for sale in September of
 fiscal 2020, and accordingly the Company recorded a loss on property held for sale of million, which loss was included in continuing
 operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2020. The amount of the loss represented the net carrying amount of that portion of the property over the fair value of that portion of the asset less estimated cost to
 sell. In December 2020, the sale of that portion of the property was completed.

million
 its retail property located in Carmel, NY (the "Carmel Property"), as that property no longer met the Company's investment objectives. In conjunction with the sale, the Company realized a loss on sale of the Carmel property in the amount of , which loss is included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended October 31, 2020.

Property operating expense

Depreciation and amortization

Net Income

and as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

49

Table Of Contents 

to years for tenant spaces under square feet Shop Space and in excess of years for spaces greater than square feet Anchor Spaces ). Many leases also provide the option for the tenants to extend their
 lease beyond the initial term of the lease. If the tenants do not exercise renewal options and the leases mature, the tenants must relinquish their space so it can be leased to a new tenant, which generally involves some level of cost to prepare the
 space for re-leasing. These costs are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the life of the subsequent lease or the life of the improvement.

lease modifications, consisting of base rent deferrals totaling million and rent abatements totaling million. Through October 31, 2022 , the Company has received repayment of approximately million of the base rent deferrals. 

t enants to cash-basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842.

of the tenants that were previously
 converted to cash-basis are no longer tenants in the Company's properties. In addition, when one of the Company s tenants is converted to cash-basis accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 842, all previously recorded straight-line rent receivables
 need to be reversed in the period that the tenant is converted to cash-basis revenue recognition. In the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the Company reversed
 straight-line rent revenue in the amount of million
 related to tenants converted to cash-basis revenue recognition. The Company did not reverse any straight-line rent revenue in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , as no tenants were converted to cash-basis revenue recognition in that period. 

and of the original tenants, respectively, to
 accrual-basis revenue recognition as those tenants paid all of their billed rents for six consecutive months and have no significant unpaid billings at the time of restoration to accrual basis accounting. When a tenant is restored to accrual-basis
 revenue recognition, the Company records revenue on the straight-line basis. As such, the Company restored straight-line rent revenue in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 in the amounts of and , respectively, for these tenants.

of our tenants in accordance with ASC Topic 842.

million. The Company did not have any significant collectability adjustments in the fiscal
 year ended October 31, 2022.

and , respectively, have been recognized as straight-line rents receivable (representing the current cumulative rents recognized prior to when billed and collectible as provided by
 the terms of the leases), all of which is included in tenant receivables in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

and , respectively. Included in the aforementioned allowance for doubtful accounts is an amount for future tenant credit losses of approximately of the deferred straight-line rents receivable which is estimated to be
 uncollectable. 

50

Table Of Contents 

million. In May 2020, the Company sold all of its REIT securities for million and realized a gain on sale of , which is included in the consolidated statement of income for the year
 ended October 31, 2020. 

million in secured mortgage financings subject to interest rate swaps. Such interest
 rate swaps converted the LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )-based variable rates on the mortgage financings to a fixed annual rate of 
 per annum. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021,
 the Company had a deferred liability of and 
 million, respectively, (included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets) relating to the fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps applicable to secured mortgages. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a deferred assets of million and , respectively,
 (included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets) relating to the fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps applicable to secured mortgages.

million, inclusive of the Company's share of accumulated comprehensive income from joint ventures
 accounted for by the equity method of accounting. At October 31, 2021, accumulated other comprehensive loss consisted of net unrealized
 losses on interest rate swap agreements of million inclusive of the Company's share of accumulated comprehensive income/(loss) from joint
 ventures accounted for by the equity method of accounting. Unrealized gains and losses included in other comprehensive income/(loss) will be reclassified into earnings when gains and losses are realized.

51

Table Of Contents 

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock awards

Net income applicable to common stockholders diluted

Denominator

Denominator for basic EPS-weighted average common shares

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock awards

Denominator for diluted EPS weighted average common equivalent shares

Numerator

Net income applicable to Class A common stockholders basic

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock awards

Net income applicable to Class A common stockholders diluted

Denominator

Denominator for basic EPS weighted average Class A common shares

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock awards

Denominator for diluted EPS weighted average Class A common equivalent shares

of the Company s properties, located in Stamford, CT Ridgeway ), is considered
 significant as its revenue is in excess of 10 of the Company s consolidated total revenues and accordingly is a reportable segment. The Company has aggregated the remainder of our properties as they share similar long-term economic characteristics and
 have other similarities including the fact that they are operated using consistent business strategies, are typically located in the same major metropolitan area, and have similar tenant mixes.

square feet of GLA. It is the dominant grocery-anchored center and the largest non-mall shopping center located in the City of Stamford, Fairfield
 County, Connecticut.

All Other Property Revenues

Consolidated Revenue

All Other Property Assets

Consolidated Assets (Note 1)

Bed, Bath Beyond

Marshall s Inc., a division of the TJX Companies

All Other Tenants at Ridgeway (Note 2)

Total

Operating Expenses

Interest Expense

Depreciation and Amortization

Income from Continuing Operations

Operating Expenses

Interest Expense

Depreciation and Amortization

Income from Continuing Operations

Operating Expenses

Interest Expense

Depreciation and Amortization

Income from Continuing Operations

52

Table Of Contents 

Office

Total

properties. The properties are located in the northeastern part of the United States with a concentration in the metropolitan New York tri-state area outside of the City of New York. The Company's primary
 investment focus is neighborhood and community shopping centers located in the region just described. Since a significant concentration of the Company's properties are in the northeast, market changes in this region could have an effect on the
 Company's leasing efforts and ultimately its overall results of operations. 

Buildings and improvements

Accumulated depreciation

of consolidated revenues in each of the three years ended October 31, 2022.

million (exclusive of closing costs). Shelton is a square foot grocery-anchored shopping center located in Shelton, CT. The Company funded the purchase with available cash, borrowings on our
 unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Facility") and proceeds from mortgage borrowings.

53

Table Of Contents 

Building and improvements

In-place leases

Above market leases

Liabilities:

In-place leases

Below market leases

, and , respectively, which is included in base rents in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of income.

million related to capital improvements and leasing costs to its properties.

54

Table Of Contents 

to and are collateralized by real estate investments having a net carrying value of approximately million.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

million unsecured revolving
 credit facility with a syndicate of banks led by The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent. The syndicate also includes Wells
 Fargo Bank N.A. and Bank of Montreal (co-syndication agents). The Facility gives the Company the option, under certain conditions, to increase the Facility's borrowing capacity to million (subject to lender approval). The maturity date of the Facility is ,
 with a extension at the Company's option. Borrowings under the Facility can be used for general corporate purposes and the issuance of
 letters of credit (up to million). Borrowings will bear interest at the Company's option of the Eurodollar rate plus to or The Bank of New York Mellon's
 prime lending rate plus to 
 based on consolidated total indebtedness, as defined. The Company pays a quarterly commitment fee on the unused commitment amount of to based on outstanding borrowings during the year. The Company's ability to borrow under the Facility is subject to its compliance with the covenants
 and other restrictions on an ongoing basis. The principal financial covenants limit the Company's level of secured and unsecured indebtedness, including preferred stock, and additionally require the Company to maintain certain debt coverage ratios. The Facility includes market standard provisions for determining the benchmark replacement rate for LIBOR. 

million was available to be drawn on the Facility.

million on its Facility to fund capital improvements to our properties, property acquisitions and for
 general corporate purposes . During the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company re-paid million and million, respectively, on its Facility with available cash, and proceeds from mortgage refinancings.

million first mortgage secured by Van Houten Farms shopping center in Passaic, NJ.

million first mortgage secured by The Dock Shopping Center in Stratford, CT. The new mortgage has a principal balance of million, a term
 of years, and requires payments of principal and interest at a variable rate based on the SOFR, plus an applicable spread. Concurrent with
 entering into the mortgage, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement with the lender as the counterparty, which converts the variable rate based on SOFR to a fixed rate of interest of per annum.

million first mortgage secured by the Boonton Acme shopping center located in Boonton, NJ. The new mortgage has a principal balance of 
 million, a term of years, and requires payments of principal and interest at a fixed rate of .

million first mortgage secured by Village Shopping Center in New Providence, NJ. The new mortgage has a principal balance of million, has
 a term of years, and requires payments of principal and interest at a fixed rate of 

million, million and million, respectively.

55

Table Of Contents 

joint
 ventures, UB Orangeburg, LLC ("Orangeburg"), McLean Plaza Associates, LLC ("McLean") and UB Dumont I, LLC ("Dumont") each of which owns a commercial retail property, and UB High Ridge, LLC ("High Ridge"), which owns commercial real estate properties. The Company has evaluated its investment in these joint ventures and has concluded that these joint ventures are fully controlled by the Company and that the presumption of control is not offset by any rights of any of the limited partners
 or non-controlling members in these ventures and that the joint ventures should be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with ASC Topic 810, "Consolidation." The Company s investment in these consolidated
 joint ventures is more fully described below:

interest in Orangeburg, which owns a drug store-anchored shopping center. The other member (non-managing) of Orangeburg is the prior owner of the contributed property who, in exchange for
 contributing the net assets of the property, received units of Orangeburg equal to the value of the contributed property less the value of the assigned first mortgage payable. The Orangeburg operating agreement provides for the non-managing member to
 receive an annual cash distribution equal to the regular quarterly cash distribution declared by the Company for share of the Company s
 Class A Common stock, which amount is attributable to each unit of Orangeburg ownership. The annual cash distribution is paid from available cash, as defined, of Orangeburg. The balance of available cash, if any, is fully distributable to the Company.
 Upon liquidation, proceeds from the sale of Orangeburg assets are to be distributed in accordance with the operating agreement. The non-managing member is not obligated to make any additional capital contributions to the partnership. Orangeburg has a
 defined termination date of December 31, 2097. Since purchasing this property, the Company has made additional investments in the amount of 
 million in Orangeburg and as a result as of October 31, 2022 its ownership percentage has increased to from approximately at inception.

interest in McLean Plaza Associates, LLC, a limited liability company ("McLean"), which owns a grocery-anchored shopping center. The McLean operating agreement provides for the non-managing
 members to receive a fixed annual cash distribution equal to of their invested capital. The annual cash distribution is paid from
 available cash, as defined, of McLean. The balance of available cash, if any, is fully distributable to the Company. Upon liquidation, proceeds from the sale of McLean assets are to be distributed in accordance with the operating agreement. The
 non-managing members are not obligated to make any additional capital contributions to the entity.

interest in High Ridge. The Company's initial investment was million, and the Company has purchased additional interests totaling million and contributed million in
 additional equity to the venture through October 31, 2022. High Ridge, either directly or through a wholly-owned subsidiary, owns commercial real estate properties, High Ridge Shopping Center ("High Ridge Center"), a grocery-anchored shopping center, and single tenant commercial retail properties, 
 leased to JP Morgan Chase and leased to CVS. 
 properties are located in Stamford, CT and property is located in Greenwich, CT. High Ridge Center is a shopping center anchored by a
 Trader Joe's grocery store. The properties were contributed to the new entities by the former owners who received units of ownership of High Ridge equal to the value of properties contributed less liabilities assumed. The High Ridge operating
 agreement provides for the non-managing members to receive an annual cash distribution, currently equal to of their invested capital.

interest in Dumont. The Company's initial investment was million, and the Company has purchased additional interests totaling through October 31, 2022. Dumont owns
 a retail and residential real estate property, which retail portion is anchored by a Stop Shop grocery store. The property is located in Dumont, NJ. The property was contributed to the new entity by the former owners who received units of
 ownership of Dumont equal to the value of contributed property less liabilities assumed. The Dumont operating agreement provides for the non-managing members to receive an annual cash distribution, currently equal to of their invested capital.

. After the redemption, the Company's ownership of New City increased from 
 to . New City owns a single tenant retail real estate property located in New City, NY, which is leased to a savings bank. In addition, New
 City rents certain parking spaces on the property to the owner of an adjacent grocery-anchored shopping center.

million and million,
 respectively, with the corresponding adjustment recorded in stockholders' equity. 

Partial Redemption of High Ridge Noncontrolling Interest 

Redemption of New City Noncontrolling Interest 

Partial Redemption of Dumont Noncontrolling Interest 

Redemption of UB Rye, LLC Noncontrolling Interest 

Change in Redemption Value 

Ending Balance 

56

Table Of Contents 

Gateway Plaza 

Putnam Plaza Shopping Center 

Midway Shopping Center, L.P. 

Applebee's at Riverhead 

81 Pondfield Road Company 

Total

undivided tenancy-in-common equity interest in the square foot Chestnut Ridge Shopping Center located in Montvale, New Jersey
 Chestnut ), which is anchored by a Fresh Market grocery store.

wholly-owned
 subsidiaries, owns a undivided tenancy-in-common equity interest in the Gateway Plaza Shopping Center ("Gateway") and Applebee's at
 Riverhead ("Applebee's"). Both properties are located in Riverhead, New York (together the Riverhead Properties ). Gateway, a square foot shopping center anchored by a square foot
 Walmart which also has square feet of in-line space that is leased and a square foot outparcel that is leased. Applebee's has a square foot
 free-standing Applebee s restaurant with a square foot pad site that is leased.

million non-recourse first mortgage loan prior to the original maturity date and incurred a prepayment penalty of , which was paid to the
 prior lender at the date of repayment. The new million mortgage loan matures on and requires payments of interest only for the first 7 years at a rate equal to the SOFR plus and then requires payments of principal and interest for the duration of the loan. Concurrent with entering into the mortgage, Gateway entered into an interest rate swap agreement, which
 converts the variable rate based on SOFR to a fixed interest rate of per annum for the term of the mortgage note.

undivided tenancy-in-common equity interest in the square foot Putnam Plaza Shopping Center Putnam Plaza ), which is anchored by a
 Tops grocery store.

million. The mortgage requires monthly payments of principal and interest at a fixed rate of and will mature in 2028 .

equity interest in Midway Shopping Center L.P. Midway ), which owns a square foot grocery-anchored shopping center in Westchester
 County, New York. Although the Company only has an equity interest in Midway, it controls of the voting power of Midway, and as such, has determined that it exercises significant influence over the financial and operating decisions of Midway but does not control the
 venture and accounts for its investment in Midway under the equity method of accounting.

million excess
 of the carrying amount of its investment in and advances to Midway over the Company's share of Midway's net book value to real property and is amortizing the difference over the property's estimated useful life of years. The remaining unamortized balance at October 31, 2022 is million.

million. The loan requires payments of principal and interest at the rate of 
 per annum and will mature in 2027 .

economic interest in a partnership which owns a retail and office building in Westchester County, New York.

57

Table Of Contents 

Variable lease income (Recoverable Costs)

Other lease related income, net:

Above/below market rent amortization

Uncollectable amounts in lease income

ASC Topic 842 cash basis lease income reversal

Total lease income

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

58

Table Of Contents 

shares of various classes of stock. The total number of shares of authorized stock consists of shares of Class A Common Stock,
 shares of Common Stock, 
 shares of Preferred Stock, and shares of Excess Stock.

Series H Senior Cumulative Preferred
 Stock (the "Series H Preferred Stock") is nonvoting, has no stated maturity and is redeemable for cash at per share at the Company's option
 on or after . The holders of our Series H Preferred Stock have general preference rights with respect to liquidation and
 quarterly distributions. Except under certain conditions, holders of the Series H Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote on most matters. In the event of a cumulative
 arrearage equal to quarterly dividends, holders of Series H Preferred Stock, together with all of the Company's other Series of
 preferred stock (voting as a single class without regard to series) will have the right to elect additional members to serve on the
 Company's Board of Directors until the arrearage has been cured. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, as defined in the Company's Articles of Incorporation, the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part
 of the shares of Series H Preferred Stock held by such holder on the applicable conversion date into a number of the Company's shares of Class A common stock. Underwriting
 commissions and costs incurred in connection with the sale of the Series H Preferred Stock are reflected as a reduction of additional paid in capital.

Series K Senior Cumulative Preferred Stock ("Series K Preferred Stock") is non-voting, has no stated maturity
 and is redeemable for cash at per share at the
 Company's option on or after . The holders
 of our Series K Preferred Stock have general preference rights with respect to liquidation and quarterly distributions. Except under certain conditions, holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote on most matters. In the
 event of a cumulative arrearage equal to quarterly
 dividends, holders of Series K Preferred Stock, together with all of the Company's other series of preferred stock (voting as a single class without regard to series) will have the right to elect additional members to serve on the Company's Board of Directors until the arrearage has been cured.
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, as defined in the Company's Articles of Incorporation, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock held by such holders
 on the applicable conversion date into a number of the Company's shares of Class A common stock. Underwriting commissions and costs incurred in connection with the sale of the Series K Preferred Stock are reflected as a reduction of additional paid
 in capital. 

vote per share. Each share of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock have
 identical rights with respect to dividends except that each share of Class A Common Stock will receive not less than of the regular
 quarterly dividends paid on each share of Common Stock.

shares of Common Stock and shares of
 Class A Common Stock shares of Common Stock and shares of Class A Common Stock in fiscal 2021) through the DRIP. As of October 31, 2022, there remained 
 shares of Common Stock and shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance under the DRIP.

, subject to adjustment. The Distribution Date will be the earlier to occur of the close of business on the tenth business day following: (a) a public announcement that an acquiring person has acquired beneficial ownership of or more of the total combined voting power of the outstanding
 Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, or (b) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in the beneficial ownership of 
 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, number of outstanding Common Stock, or the number of outstanding Class A Common Stock. Thereafter, if certain events occur, holders of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, other than the acquiring person, will be entitled to purchase shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock, respectively, of the Company having
 a value equal to times the exercise price of the
 right. 

of the aggregate value of all outstanding stock, except, among other reasons, as approved by the Board of Directors, such shares in excess of this limit automatically will be exchanged for
 an equal number of shares of Excess Stock. Excess Stock has limited rights, may not be voted and is not entitled to any dividends.

shares, in the aggregate, of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock in open market transactions. For year ended October 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased shares of Class A Common Stock at an average price per share of and shares of Common Stock at an average price per share of 
 under the Prior Repurchase Program. For the year ended October 31, 2021 , the Company repurchased shares
 of Class A Common Stock at an average price per share of and shares of Common Stock at an average price per share of under the Prior
 Repurchase Program.

shares, in the aggregate, of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock in open market transactions. The Current Repurchase Program was announced on October 3, 2022 and has no set expiration date. The timing and actual number of
 shares purchased under the program depend upon marketplace conditions and other factors. For the year ended October 31, 2022, the
 Company repurchased shares of Class A Common stock at an average price per share of and shares of Common stock at an average price per share of under the Current Repurchase Program.

shares of Class A Common Stock at an average price per share of and shares of Common Stock at an average price per share of 
 under the Current Repurchase Program through a Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) agreement entered into between the Company and its broker Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

shares of Class A Common Stock and Shares of Common Stock under the Current Repurchase Program. From the inception of all repurchase
 programs, the Company has purchased shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Common stock.

59

Table Of Contents 

shares of the Company s common
 equity consisting of Common shares, 
 Class A Common shares and shares, which at the discretion of the compensation committee, may be awarded in any combination of Class A
 Common shares or Common shares.

shares of Common Stock and 
 shares of Class A Common Stock to participants in the Plan. The grant date fair value of restricted stock grants awarded to participants in 2022
 was approximately million. As of October 31, 2022, there was million of unamortized restricted stock compensation related to non-vested restricted stock grants awarded
 under the Plan. The remaining unamortized expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. For the years ended
 October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounts charged to compensation expense totaled ,
 and ,
 respectively. The year ended October 31, 2020 amount charged to compensation expense includes million related to the accelerated vesting of previously unamortized restricted stock compensation as the result
 of the death of our Chairman Emeritus, Charles J. Urstadt, in March 2020. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested at October 31, 2022 

, and in each of the three years ended October 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company
 also has an Excess Benefit and Deferred Compensation Plan that allows eligible employees to defer benefits in excess of amounts provided under the Company's 401K Plan and a portion of the employee's current compensation.

60

Table Of Contents 

Liabilities: 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

October 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements 

Liabilities: 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

million and million at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, respectively. The estimated fair value of
 mortgage notes payable is based on discounting the future cash flows at a year-end risk adjusted borrowing rates currently available to the Company for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. These fair value measurements fall
 within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

61

Table Of Contents 

million for tenant-related obligations.

62

Table Of Contents 

, the Board of Directors
 of the Company declared cash dividends of for each share of Common Stock and for each share of Class A Common Stock. The dividends are payable on 
 to stockholders of record on . The Board of Directors also ratified the actions of the Company s compensation committee
 authorizing awards of shares of Common Stock and shares of Class A Common Stock to certain officers, directors and employees of the Company effective January 3, 2023, pursuant to the Company s restricted stock plan. The fair value of the shares awarded totaling million will be charged to expense over the requisite service periods (see Note 1).

63

Table Of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Urstadt Biddle Properties, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Urstadt Biddle Properties, Inc. (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
 statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022,
 and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(A)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated January 12, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
 consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
 and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits
 also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinion.

64

Table Of Contents 

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated
 or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
 communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical
 audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Real Estate Investments: Determination of Impairment Indicators

The Company s evaluation of real estate investments for impairment involves an initial assessment of each real estate investments to determine whether events
 or changes in circumstances exist that may indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate investments are no longer recoverable. The Company s criteria for possible impairment indicators include computations of property fair value based on net
 operating income NOI ), and a future cash flow analysis. If the Company believes there is an indication of possible impairment, management evaluates its real estate investments by comparing detailed undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
 generated over the life of each asset to the respective carrying amount of the property. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the fair value of the asset and any potential
 impairment charge.

The Company makes significant assumptions to evaluate real estate assets for possible indicators of impairment. Changes in these assumptions could result in
 additional analysis or, in some cases, an impairment charge. Given the Company s evaluation of possible indicators of impairment of real estate assets requires management to make significant assumptions, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether
 management appropriately identified events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of real estate assets may not be recoverable required a high degree of auditor judgment.

Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of real estate investments for possible indicators of impairment included the following, among others:

-

We obtained an understanding of management s process to identify indicators of impairment and we evaluated the design and tested the operating
 effectiveness of the controls that address the identification of indicators of impairment.

-

We evaluated management s property by property analysis by testing real estate assets for possible indicators of impairment, including searching
 for adverse asset-specific and/or market conditions, as well as assessing the properties holding periods, including expected asset dispositions.

-

We analyzed and independently calculated estimated fair vales and future cash flow analysis used by management in their assessment of impairment
 indicators.

-

We independently analyzed properties experiencing a significant decrease in NOI and evaluated whether such properties resulted in potential
 indicators of impairment.

-

We performed inquiries with management to determine whether factors were identified in the current period that may be an impairment indicator,
 including changes in tenant vacancies, expected holding periods, or changes in market rental rates.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006.

January 12, 2023

65

Table Of Contents 

Greenwich, CT

Greenwich, CT

Greenwich, CT

)

Greenwich, CT

Retail Properties:

Bronxville, NY

Yonkers, NY

Yonkers, NY

New Milford, CT

New Milford, CT

Newark, NJ

Waldwick, NJ

Emerson NJ

Pelham, NY

Stratford, CT

Yorktown Heights, NY

Rye, NY

Rye, NY

Rye, NY

Rye, NY

Somers, NY

Westport, CT

Orange, CT

Stamford, CT

Danbury, CT

Briarcliff, NY

Somers, NY

Briarcliff, NY

Briarcliff, NY

Ridgefield, CT

Darien, CT

Eastchester, NY

Danbury, CT

Carmel, NY

Somers, NY

Wayne, NJ

Katonah, NY

Fairfield, CT

New Milford, CT

Eastchester, NY

Orangetown, NY

Greenwich, CT

Various

Greenwich, CT

New Providence, NJ

Bethel, CT

)

Bloomfield, NJ

Boonton, NJ

Yonkers, NY

Greenwich, CT

Greenwich, CT

Midland Park, NJ

)

Pompton Lakes, NJ

)

)

Wyckoff, NJ

Kinnelon, NJ

)

Fort Lee, NJ

)

)

Harrison, NY

)

Stamford, CT 

Stamford, CT 

Derby, CT 

Passaic, NJ 

Stamford, CT (HRC) 

Stamford, CT (HRChase) 

Old Greenwich , CT (HRCVS) 

Waldwick, NJ 

Dumont, NJ 

Ridgefield, CT 

Yonkers, NY 

New City, NY 

Brewster, NY 

Shelton, CT 

Total

66

Table Of Contents 

Balance at beginning of year

Property improvements during the year

Properties acquired during the year

Properties sold during the year

Property assets fully depreciated and written off

Balance at end of year (e)

(b) 

Balance at beginning of year

Provision during the year charged to income (d)

Property sold during the year

Property assets fully depreciated and written off

Balance at end of year

to years. 

million at October 31, 2022. 

67

Table Of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.

Not applicable

68

Table Of Contents 

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
 behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

URSTADT BIDDLE PROPERTIES INC. 

(Registrant)

Dated: January 13, 2023

/s/ Willing L. Biddle 

Willing L. Biddle

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 13, 2023

/s/ John T. Hayes 

John T. Hayes

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

69

Table Of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date
 indicated have signed this Report below.

/s/ Charles D. Urstadt 

January 13, 2023

Charles D. Urstadt

Chairman and Director

/s/ Willing L. Biddle 

January 13, 2023

Willing L. Biddle

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ John T. Hayes 

January 13, 2023

John T. Hayes

Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Kevin J. Bannon 

January 13, 2023

Kevin J. Bannon

Director

/s/ Catherine U. Biddle 

January 13, 2023

Catherine U. Biddle

Director

/s/ Richard Grellier 

January 13, 2023

Richard Grellier

Director

/s/ Robert J. Mueller 

January 13, 2023

Robert J. Mueller

Director

/s/ Bryan O. Colley 

January 13, 2023

Bryan O. Colley

Director

/s/ Noble Carpenter 

January 13, 2023

Noble Carpenter

Director

/s/ Willis H. Stephens Jr. 

January 13, 2023

Willis H. Stephens Jr

Director

70

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit4_7.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANTS SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK
 The following is a summary of the material terms of our securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and provisions of our charter, as amended and supplemented, and our bylaws, as amended and restated. The summary is subject to and qualified in its entirely by reference to the charter, as amended and supplemented, and bylaws, as amended and restated, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. It also summarizes some relevant provisions of Maryland General Corporation Law, which we refer to as the MGCL, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the MGCL.
 General 
 Under our charter, as amended and supplemented, we may issue up to 30,000,000 shares of common stock, 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock and 20,000,000 shares of excess stock. The shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, without stockholder approval, with such designations, powers, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption, in each case, if any, as are permitted by Maryland law and as our board of directors may determine by approving a supplement to our charter without any further vote or action by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may amend our charter without action by our stockholders to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock of any class that we are authorized to issue.
 See our most recent periodic report filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for the number of shares of common stock, Class A common stock and preferred stock outstanding as of a recent date. We also have reserved 150,000 Series I Participating Preferred Shares, par value 0.01 per share Series I Preferred Stock ), and 450,000 Series J Participating Preferred Shares, par value 0.01 per share Series J Preferred Stock ), for issuance pursuant to a stockholder rights plan between us and Computershare Inc., as rights agent. In the event that the rights become exercisable, the shares of Series I Preferred Stock and the Series J Preferred Stock that are issuable upon the exercise of such rights will rank junior to the Series K Preferred Stock and Series H Preferred Stock as to dividends and amounts distributed upon liquidation.
 Description of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock
 Voting
 Under our charter, holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to the common stockholders for vote at all meetings of stockholders. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to 1/20th of one vote per share on all matters submitted to the common stockholders for vote at all meetings of stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law or as to the election of directors by holders of our Series H Preferred Stock and our Series K Preferred Stock if dividends thereon are in arrears six or more quarterly periods as described herein, or as to certain other matters as to which separate class voting rights may be granted in the future to holders of one or more other classes or series of our stock, holders of common stock and Class A common stock vote together as a single class, and not as separate classes, on all matters voted upon by our stockholders.
 Dividends and Distributions
 Subject to the requirements with respect to preferential dividends on any of our preferred stock, dividends and distributions are declared and paid to the holders of common stock and Class A common stock in cash, property or our other securities (including shares of any class or series whether or not shares of such class or series are already outstanding) out of funds legally available therefor. Each share of common stock and each share of Class A common stock has identical rights with respect to dividends and distributions, subject to the following:
 
 with respect to regular quarterly dividends, each share of Class A common stock entitles the holder thereof to receive not less than 110 of amounts paid on each share of common stock, the precise amount of such dividends on the Class A common stock being subject to the discretion of our board of directors; 
 
 a stock dividend on the common stock may be paid in shares of common stock or shares of Class A common stock; and 
 
 a stock dividend on shares of Class A common stock may be paid only in shares of Class A common stock.
 If we pay a stock dividend on the common stock in shares of common stock, we are required to pay a stock dividend on the Class A common stock in a proportionate number of shares of Class A common stock. The dividend provisions of the common stock and Class A common stock provide our board of directors with the flexibility to determine appropriate dividend levels, if any, under the circumstances from time to time.
 Mergers and Consolidations
 In the event we merge, consolidate or combine with another entity (whether or not we are the surviving entity), holders of shares of Class A common stock will be entitled to receive the same per share consideration as the per share consideration, if any, received by holders of common stock in that transaction.
 Liquidation Rights
 Holders of common stock and Class A common stock have the same rights with respect to distributions in connection with a partial or complete liquidation of our company.
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer
 We have the right to refuse transfers of stock that could jeopardize our status as a REIT and to redeem any shares of stock in excess of 7.5 of the value of our outstanding stock beneficially owned by any person (other than an Exempted Person). See Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 
 Transferability
 The common stock and Class A common stock are freely transferable, and except for the ownership limit and federal and state securities laws restrictions on our directors, officers and other affiliates and on persons holding restricted stock, our stockholders are not restricted in their ability to sell or transfer shares of the common stock or Class A common stock.
 Sinking Fund, Preemptive, Subscription and Redemption Rights
 Neither the common stock nor the Class A common stock carries any sinking fund, preemptive, subscription or redemption rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive shares of any class of our stock or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of our stock.
 
 Listing
 The common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, which we refer to as NYSE, under the symbol UBP. The Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol UBA. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock and Class A common stock is Computershare Inc.
 Description of Series K Preferred Stock
 Maturity
 The holders of Series K Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of our stock. The Series K Preferred Stock will not be subject to any sinking fund, and we have no obligation to redeem or retire the Series K Preferred Stock. Unless redeemed or repurchased by us or converted by the holders in connection with a Change of Control, the Series K Preferred Stock will have perpetual terms, with no maturity.
 Our charter and the MGCL permit us to further reopen this series, without the consent of the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock, in order to issue additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock. Thus, we may in the future issue additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock without the consent of existing holders. Any additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock will have the same terms as the shares of Series K Preferred Stock already outstanding. Any additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock will, together with the Series K Preferred Stock already outstanding, constitute a single series of our preferred stock.
 Ranking
 The Series K Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up:
 
 senior to our common stock and Class A common stock and to all other equity securities we issue ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, including the Series I Preferred Stock, if and when issued, and Series J Preferred Stock, if and when issued;

on a parity with the Series H Preferred Stock, and with all other equity securities we issue the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and

junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness and to any equity securities that we may issue in the future the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank senior to the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up.
 Dividends
 Holders of shares of the Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, out of our funds legally available for the payment of dividends, preferential cumulative dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 1.4688 per share of the Series K Preferred Stock (the Annual Dividend Rate ), which is equivalent to a rate of 5.875 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference. These dividends are cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue of the Series K Preferred Stock, which was October 1, 2019, and are payable in arrears for each quarterly period ending January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year, respectively, or, if any such date is not a business day, no later than the next succeeding business day. The amount of dividends payable on each dividend payment date for the Series K Preferred Stock will be computed by dividing the Annual Dividend Rate by four. The amount of any dividend payable on the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to any other period (that is shorter or longer than one full quarterly period), will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends are payable to holders of record as they appear in our stockholder records at the close of business on the applicable record date determined each quarter by our board of directors, which shall not be more than 30 days preceding the applicable dividend payment date.
 We will not declare dividends on outstanding shares of the Series K Preferred Stock or pay or set apart for payment dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock at any time if the terms and provisions of any agreement of our company, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibits the declaration, payment or setting apart for payment or provides that the declaration, payment or setting apart for payment would constitute a breach or a default under the agreement, or if the declaration, payment or setting apart is restricted or prohibited by law.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock accrue whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are authorized or declared. Accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock do not bear interest and holders of the Series K Preferred Stock are not entitled to any distributions in excess of full cumulative distributions described above.
 Except as described in the next sentence, no dividends will be authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and set apart for payment on any of our capital stock ranking, as to dividends, on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock (other than a dividend in shares of common stock or Class A common stock or in shares of any other class of stock ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for such payment on outstanding shares of the Series K Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods. When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series K Preferred Stock and the shares of any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series K Preferred Stock, all dividends authorized and declared upon the Series K Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series K Preferred Stock will be authorized and declared ratably so that the amount of dividends authorized and declared per share of Series K Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series K Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock (which will not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other.
 Except as described in the immediately preceding paragraph, unless full cumulative dividends on outstanding shares of the Series K Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are authorized, declared and paid or authorized, declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, we will not declare or pay or set aside for payment dividends (other than in shares of our common stock or Class A common stock or other shares of capital stock ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation), declare or make any other distribution on our common stock or Class A common stock, or any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for any consideration, or pay or make available any monies for a sinking fund for the redemption of, any of our shares of common stock or Class A common stock or any other shares of our capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation (except by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation or redemption for the purpose of preserving our qualification as a REIT). 
 Holders of shares of the Series K Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividend, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock, as described above. Any dividend payment made on shares of the Series K Preferred Stock is first credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares which remains payable. So long as no dividends are in arrears, we are entitled at any time and from time to time to repurchase shares of Series K Preferred Stock in open-market transactions duly authorized by our board of directors and effected in compliance with applicable laws.
 Liquidation Preference
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of shares of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders a 25.00 per share liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of payment (whether or not declared), but without interest, before any distribution of assets may be made to holders of our common stock or Class A common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. However, the holders of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive the liquidating distribution described above until the liquidation preference of any other series or class of our capital stock hereafter issued ranking senior as to liquidation rights to the Series K Preferred Stock has been paid in full. The holders of Series K Preferred Stock and all series or classes of our capital stock ranking on a parity as to liquidation rights with the Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to share ratably, in accordance with the respective preferential amounts payable on such capital stock, in any distribution (after payment of the liquidation preference of any of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights) which is not sufficient to pay in full the aggregate of the amounts of the liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to written notice of any liquidation. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series K Preferred Stock have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. Our consolidation or merger with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other corporation with or into our company, or the sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, is not deemed to constitute our liquidation, dissolution or winding up.
 In determining whether a distribution to holders of Series K Preferred Stock (other than upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation) by dividend, redemption or other acquisition of shares of our stock or otherwise is permitted under the MGCL, no effect will be given to amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon distribution of holders of shares of our stock whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior to those receiving the distribution.
 Optional Redemption
 The Series K Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to October 1, 2024, except under circumstances where it is necessary to preserve our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and except as described below upon the occurrence of a Change of Control. On and after October 1, 2024, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 90 days written notice, redeem shares of the Series K Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.
 If the redemption date is after the record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price. The holder of the Series K Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable dividend record date will be entitled to the dividend payment on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date, notwithstanding the redemption of such shares prior the dividend payment date.
 In order to ensure that we remain qualified as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we will have the right to purchase from a holder of shares of Series K Preferred Stock at any time any shares of Series K Preferred Stock held by such holder in excess of 7.5 of the value of our outstanding capital stock in accordance with the provisions of our charter. See Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer for additional information about ownership limitations with respect to our Series K Preferred Stock.
 Special Optional Redemption
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, regardless of whether the Change of Control occurs prior to or after October 1, 2024, we will have the option to redeem the Series K Preferred Stock, in whole or in part and within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for a cash redemption price per share equal to 25.00 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date (unless the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price), upon the giving of notice, as provided below.
 A Change of Control occurs when, after the Series K Preferred Stock issue date, the following have occurred and are continuing:
 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d) (3) of the Exchange Act, other than Exempted Persons (as defined below), of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions, of shares of our common stock and Class A common stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock and Class A common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (and such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition); and 
 
 following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or ADRs representing such securities) listed or quoted on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ.
 If, prior to the date fixed for conversion of Series K Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control, as described more fully below, we provide notice of redemption of shares of Series K Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption rights), holders of such shares of Series K Preferred Stock will not be entitled to convert their shares as described below under Conversion Rights. 
 Exempted Person means (i) Charles J. Urstadt; (ii) Willing L. Biddle; (iii) any Urstadt Family Member or any Biddle Family Member (each, as hereinafter defined); (iv) any executor, administrator, trustee or personal representative who succeeds to the estate of Charles J. Urstadt, Willing L. Biddle, an Urstadt Family Member or a Biddle Family Member as a result of the death of such individual, acting in their capacity as an executor, administrator, trustee or personal representative with respect to any such estate; (v) a trustee, guardian or custodian holding property for the primary benefit of Charles J. Urstadt, Willing L. Biddle, any Urstadt Family Member or any Biddle Family Member; (vi) any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business organization that is directly or indirectly controlled by one or more persons or entities described in clauses (i) through (v) hereof and is not controlled by any other person or entity; and (vii) any charitable foundation, trust or other not-for-profit organization for which one or more persons or entities described in clauses (i) through (vi) hereof controls the investment and voting decisions in respect of any interest in our company held by such organization. For sake of clarity with respect to clause (vi) above, control includes the power to control the investment and voting decisions of any such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business organization.
 The term Urstadt Family Member means and includes the spouse of Charles J. Urstadt, the descendants of the parents of Charles J. Urstadt, the descendants of the parents of the spouse of Charles J. Urstadt, the spouses of any such descendant and the descendants of the parents of any spouse of a child of Charles J. Urstadt. For this purpose, an individual s spouse includes the widow or widower of such individual, and an individual s descendants includes biological descendants and persons deriving their status as descendants by adoption.
 The term Biddle Family Member means and includes the spouse of Willing L. Biddle, the descendants of the parents of Willing L. Biddle, the descendants of the parents of the spouse of Willing L. Biddle, the spouses of any such descendant and the descendants of the parents of any spouse of a child of Willing L. Biddle. For this purpose, an individual s spouse includes the widow or widower of such individual, and an individual s descendants includes biological descendants and persons deriving their status as descendants by adoption.
 Redemption Procedures
 We will give notice of redemption by mail, postage prepaid, not less than 30 nor more than 90 days prior to the redemption date, addressed to the respective holders of record of the Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed at their respective addresses as they appear on our stock transfer records. No failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in the mailing of the notice will affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock except as to a holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice of redemption will be required where we elect to redeem Series K Preferred Stock to preserve our REIT qualification.
 If we redeem less than all of the Series K Preferred Stock held by any holder, the notice mailed to such holder will also specify the number of shares of Series K Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata.
 In any redemption of Series K Preferred Stock, the redemption price will include any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series K Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable dividend record date is entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before the dividend payment date.
 If we have given notice of redemption of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock and have set apart for payment the funds necessary for the redemption for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series K Preferred Stock, the shares of Series K Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of the shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price.
 If full cumulative dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock have not been paid or declared and set apart for payment for all prior dividend periods, we may not redeem any Series K Preferred Stock unless we simultaneously redeem all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock, and we will not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series K Preferred Stock (except by exchange for shares of our capital stock ranking junior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may purchase excess stock in order to ensure that we continue to meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT or any purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock. So long as no dividends are in arrears, we are entitled at any time and from time to time to repurchase shares of Series K Preferred Stock in open-market transactions duly authorized by our board of directors and effected in compliance with applicable law.
 Voting Rights
 Holders of the Series K Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as described below.
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series K Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more consecutive or nonconsecutive quarterly periods, the number of directors then constituting our board of directors will be increased by two (if not already increased by reason of a similar arrearage with respect to any parity preferred (as defined below)), and the holders of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote separately as a class with all other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, including, in that instance, the Series H Preferred Stock parity preferred ), in order to fill the newly created vacancies, for the election of a total of two additional directors of our company (the preferred stock directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of the Series K Preferred Stock and called by us at the request of holders of record of at least 10 of the Series K Preferred Stock or the holders of record of at least 10 of any series of parity preferred so in arrears (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until (or, if the directors are divided into classes, at the conclusion of the terms of each preferred stock director) all dividends accrued on the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and parity preferred for the past dividend periods and the dividend for the then current dividend period are fully paid. In the event our directors are divided into classes, each vacancy will be apportioned among the classes of directors to prevent stacking in any one class and to ensure that the number of directors in each of the classes of directors are as nearly equal as possible.
 Each preferred stock director, as a qualification for election (and regardless of how elected), will submit to our board of directors a duly executed, valid, binding and enforceable letter of resignation from the board of directors, to be effective upon the date upon which all dividends accrued on the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and parity preferred for the past dividend periods and the dividend for the then current dividend period are fully paid, at which time the terms of office of all persons elected as preferred stock directors by the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock and any parity preferred will, upon the effectiveness of their respective letters of resignation, terminate, and the number of directors then constituting the board of directors will be reduced accordingly. A quorum for any meeting will exist if at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock and shares of parity preferred upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable are represented in person or by proxy at the meeting.
 The preferred stock directors will be elected upon the affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and parity preferred (regardless of liquidation preference) present and voting in person or by proxy at a duly called and held meeting at which a quorum is present. If and when all accrued dividends and the dividends for the then current dividend period on the Series K Preferred Stock are paid in full, the holders of Series K Preferred Stock will be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting each and every time dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more consecutive or non-consecutive quarterly periods).
 Any preferred stock director may be removed at any time with or without cause by, and will not be removed otherwise than by the vote of, the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting separately as a class with all series of parity preferred upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable). So long as dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock continue to be in arrears, any vacancy in the office of a preferred stock director may be filled by written consent of the preferred stock director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting separately as a class with all series of parity preferred upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable). The preferred stock directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter properly coming before our board of directors.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the holders of Series K Preferred Stock be entitled to elect a director that would cause us to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any securities exchange on which any class or series of our stock is listed.
 So long as any shares of Series K Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of Series K Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting separately as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting:
 
 voluntarily terminate or revoke our status as a REIT; 
 
 amend, alter or repeal any of the provisions of our charter or the articles supplementary (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise (an Event )) so as to materially and adversely affect any preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of the Series K Preferred Stock or the holders thereof; or 
 
 authorize, create or increase the authorized number of shares of any class or series or any security convertible into shares of any class or series of our stock ranking senior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to distribution on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up or as to the payment of dividends;
 provided, however, that, in the case of each of the subparagraphs above, no such vote of the holders of Series K Preferred Stock shall be required if, at or prior to the time when such amendment, alteration or repeal is to take effect, or when the issuance of any such prior shares or convertible security is to be made, as the case may be, all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption or, in the case of an Event, regardless of the date of the transaction, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock receive in the transaction their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
 With respect to the occurrence of any Event described above, so long as the Series K Preferred Stock (or any equivalent class or series of stock issued by the surviving corporation in any merger or consolidation to which we became a party) remains outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged, the occurrence of any such Event will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect any preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of holders of the Series K Preferred Stock. Any increase in the amount of the authorized preferred stock or the creation or issuance of any other series of preferred stock, or any increase in the amount of the authorized shares of such series, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or the issuance of additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock or Series H Preferred Stock, will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect any preferences, conversion and other rights, voting power, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of holders of the Series K Preferred Stock.
 Conversion Rights
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, unless, prior to the date fixed for such conversion, we provide notice of redemption of such shares of Series K Preferred Stock as described above under Optional Redemption or Special Optional Redemption, then, unless holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will receive the Alternative Form Consideration as described below, each holder of Series K Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the Series K Preferred Stock held by such holder into a number of shares of Class A common stock per share of Series K Preferred Stock to be so converted, or the Class A Common Share Conversion Consideration, equal to the lesser of:
 
 the quotient obtained, which we refer to as the Conversion Rate, by dividing (i) the sum of 25.00 plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the applicable date fixed for conversion (unless the applicable conversion date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in this sum), by (ii) the Class A Common Share Price (as defined below); and

2.1035, or the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments described below.
 
 The Class A Common Share Price for any Change of Control will be (i) the amount of cash consideration per share of Class A common stock, if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of Class A common stock is solely cash, and (ii) the average of the closing price per share of Class A common stock on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the NASDAQ for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the effective date of the Change of Control, if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of shares of Class A common stock is other than solely cash (including if such holders do not receive consideration).
 The Share Cap will be subject to pro rata adjustments for any stock splits (including those effected pursuant to a Class A common stock dividend), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to our Class A common stock as follows: the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A common stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split.
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable in connection with the exercise of conversion rights in connection with a Change of Control and in respect of the Series K Preferred Stock will not exceed 9,676,100 shares of Class A common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to increase on a pro rata basis if the number of authorized shares of Series K Preferred Stock increases after October 1, 2019, or the Exchange Cap. The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap.
 In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which, or in connection with which, shares of Class A common stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets, including any combination thereof, or the Alternative Form Consideration, a holder of shares of Series K Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of a share of Series K Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive had such holder held a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the Class A Common Share Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control, or the Alternative Conversion Consideration.
 If the holders of shares of Class A common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in connection with the Change of Control, the form of consideration that holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will receive will be in the form of consideration elected by the holders of a plurality of the shares of Class A common stock held by stockholders who participate in the election and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of shares of Class A common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in connection with the Change of Control.
 We will not issue fractional Class A common shares upon the conversion of the Series K Preferred Stock. Instead, we will pay the cash value of any such fractional shares based on the Class A Common Share Price.
 If a conversion date falls after a dividend record date and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, each holder of shares of Series K Preferred Stock at the close of business on such record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding payment date, notwithstanding the conversion of such shares on or prior to such payment date, but the Conversion Rate shall not be calculated to include such accrued and unpaid dividends.
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, we will provide to holders of record of outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock, at the addresses for such holders shown on our stock transfer records, a notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control. A failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the sufficiency of the notice or validity of the proceedings for conversion of shares of Series K Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control, except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. A notice that has been mailed in the manner provided herein will be presumed to be given on the date it is mailed whether or not the stockholder receives such notice.
 We will issue a press release containing the information stated in such a notice, and post such a notice on our website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of record of Series K Preferred Stock.
 To exercise conversion rights in connection with a Change of Control, a holder of record of Series K Preferred Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the applicable conversion date, the certificates, if any, representing any certificated shares of Series K Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer, together with a completed written conversion notice and any other documents we reasonably require in connection with such conversion, to our conversion agent. The conversion notice must state the number of shares of Series K Preferred Stock to be converted.
 A holder of Series K Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of such holder s conversion rights in connection with a Change of Control (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal containing requisite information delivered to our conversion agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the applicable conversion date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Series K Preferred Stock is held in global form, the conversion notice and/or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures of DTC.
 Shares of Series K Preferred Stock as to which the holder s conversion right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable form of consideration on the applicable conversion date unless, prior to the applicable conversion date, we provide notice of our election to redeem such shares of Series K Preferred Stock, whether pursuant to our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right. If we elect to redeem shares of Series K Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable form of consideration on a conversion date, such shares of Series K Preferred Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the applicable redemption date the redemption price for such shares.
 We will deliver amounts owing upon conversion no later than the third business day following the applicable conversion date.
 In connection with the exercise of conversion rights in connection with any Change of Control, we will comply with all U.S. federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of shares of Series K Preferred Stock into shares of Class A common stock. Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms of the Series K Preferred Stock, no holder of the Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series K Preferred Stock into shares of Class A common stock to the extent that receipt of such shares of Class A common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter. See Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 
 The conversion and redemption features of the Series K Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for or discourage a party from taking over our company.
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series K Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other property or securities, except that the Series K Preferred Stock may be exchanged for shares of our excess stock pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock. For further information regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and excess stock, see Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 
 Information Right
 During any period during which we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series K Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series K Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear in our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) within 15 days after the respective dates by which we would have been required to file such reports with the SEC if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were an accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act), and (ii) within 15 days following written request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of the Series K Preferred Stock.
 Listing
 The Series K Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol UBPPRK. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Series K Preferred Stock is Computershare.
 Series H Preferred Stock
 The terms of the Series H Preferred Stock are substantially similar to the terms of the Series K Preferred Stock, other than as follows:
 Dividends
 Holders of shares of Series H Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by our board of directors, out of our funds legally available for the payment of dividends, preferential cumulative dividends payable in cash at the rate per annum of 1.5625 per share, which is equivalent to a rate of 6.25 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference. Dividends on shares of Series H Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears.
 Optional Redemption
 The Series H Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to September 18, 2022, except under circumstances where it is necessary to preserve our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and except as described below upon the occurrence of a Change of Control of our company. On and after September 18, 2022, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 90 days written notice, redeem shares of the Series H Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date (unless the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series H Preferred Stock and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price).
 Special Optional Redemption
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control of our company, regardless of whether such Change of Control occurs prior to or after September 18, 2022, we will have the option to redeem the Series H Preferred Stock, in whole or in part and within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for a cash redemption price per share equal to 25.00 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the redemption date (unless the redemption date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series H Preferred Stock and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in the redemption price), upon the giving of notice.
 Change of Control is defined the same as it is for the Series K Preferred Stock.
 
 Conversion Rights

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, unless, prior to the date fixed for such conversion, we provide notice of redemption of such shares of Series H Preferred Stock in a manner similar to the procedures for the Series K Preferred Stock described above under Optional Redemption or Special Optional Redemption, then, unless holders of the Series H Preferred Stock will receive the Alternative Form Consideration (Series H) as described above, each holder of Series H Preferred Stock will have the right to convert all or part of the Series H Preferred Stock held by such holder into a number of shares of Class A common stock per share of Series H Preferred Stock to be so converted, or the Class A Common Share Conversion Consideration (Series H), equal to the lesser of:

the quotient obtained, which we refer to as the Conversion Rate (Series H), by dividing (i) the sum of 25.00 plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the applicable date fixed for conversion (unless the applicable conversion date is after a record date set for the payment of a dividend on the Series H Preferred Stock and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend will not be included in this sum), by (ii) the Class A Common Share Price; and

2.3267 (as used in this subsection, the Share Cap (Series H ), subject to certain adjustments described below.

The Share Cap (Series H) will be subject to pro rata adjustments for Share Splits with respect to our Class A common stock as follows: the adjusted Share Cap (Series H) as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of Class A common stock that is equivalent to the product of (i) the Share Cap (Series H) in effect immediately prior to such Share Split multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split.
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (Series H), as applicable) issuable in connection with the exercise of conversion rights in connection with a Change of Control and in respect of the Series H Preferred Stock will not exceed 9,306,800 shares of Class A common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (Series H), as applicable) subject to increase on a pro rata basis if the number of authorized shares of Series H Preferred Stock increases after the first date on which any shares of the Series H Preferred Stock are issued (as used in this subsection, the Exchange Cap (Series H) ). The Exchange Cap (Series H) applicable is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap and is subject to increase in the event that additional shares of Series H Preferred Stock are issued in the future.

Listing
 The Series H Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol UBPPRH. 

Description of the Stockholder Rights Plan and Related Series of Preferred Stock
 We entered into a Rights Agreement with Computershare Inc., as rights agent, on August 13, 2018 (the stockholder rights plan ). The stockholder rights plan became effective on November 12, 2018. Pursuant to the stockholder rights plan, each holder of common stock received a common stock right and each holder of Class A common stock received a Class A common stock right. The rights are not exercisable until the distribution date (as described below) and will expire on November 11, 2028, unless earlier redeemed by us. If the rights become exercisable, generally, each holder of a common stock right will be entitled to purchase from our company one one-hundredth of a share of Series I Preferred Stock, and each holder of a Class A common stock right will be entitled to purchase from our company one one-hundredth of a share of Series J Preferred Stock, in each case, at a price of 85, subject to adjustment.
 The distribution date will be the earlier to occur of the close of business on the tenth business day following: (a) a public announcement that a person, or an acquiring person, has acquired beneficial ownership of 10 or more of the total combined voting power of the outstanding common stock and Class A common stock (or the share acquisition date), or (b) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in the beneficial ownership by any person of 30 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding common stock and Class A common stock or the number of outstanding common stock, or the number of outstanding Class A common stock. The stockholder rights plan exempts acquisitions of common stock and Class A common stock by the estate of Charles J. Urstadt, Willing L. Biddle, members of their families and certain of their affiliates.
 If at any time, (a) we are the surviving corporation in a merger with an acquiring person (as defined in the stockholders rights plan) and our common stock is not changed or exchanged, (b) a person (other than us, or a subsidiary employment benefit plan of ours, or any exempted person), together with its affiliates and associates, becomes an acquiring person, (c) an acquiring person engages in certain business transactions with us or a subsidiary, or (d) during such time as there is an acquiring person, an event occurs that results in the acquiring person s ownership interest being increased by more than 1 , then (i) each holder of a common stock right will thereafter be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the common stock right, common stock (or in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the common stock right and (ii) each holder of a Class A common stock right will thereafter be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the Class A common stock right, Class A common stock (or in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Class A common stock right.
 Until a right is exercised, the holder thereof, will have no rights as a shareholder of the company. In the event that shares of Series I Preferred Stock or Series J Preferred Stock are issued upon exercise of any rights, as a result of actions taken by our board of directors, the Series I Preferred Stock and the Series J Preferred Stock will rank junior to our Series H Preferred Stock and Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and amounts distributed upon liquidation.
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock ranking senior to the Series I Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, including the Series H Preferred Stock and the Series K Preferred Stock, the holders of Series I Preferred Stock, if issued, will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the board of directors quarterly dividends payable in cash in an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) 0.25 or (b) subject to adjustment, 100 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions declared on the common stock, other than a dividend payable in shares of common stock. Each share of Series I Preferred Stock is entitled to 100 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our company s stockholders, voting together with the common stock as a single class. 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock ranking senior to the Series J Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, including the Series H Preferred Stock and the Series K Preferred Stock, the holders of Series J Preferred Stock, if issued, will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the board of directors quarterly dividends payable in cash in an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) 0.25 or (b) subject to adjustment, 100 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions declared on the Class A common stock, other than a dividend payable in Class A common stock. Each share of Series J Preferred Stock is entitled to five votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, voting together with the Class A common stock as a single class.
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, we must meet several requirements regarding the number of our stockholders and concentration of ownership of our shares. Our charter contains provisions that restrict the ownership and transfer of our shares to assist us in complying with these Code requirements. We refer to these restrictions as the ownership limit. 
 The ownership limit provides that, in general, no person may own more than 7.5 of the aggregate value of all outstanding stock of our company. It also provides that:
 
 a transfer that violates the limitation is void; 
 
 a transferee gets no rights to the shares that violate the limitation; 
 
 shares transferred to a stockholder in excess of the ownership limit are automatically converted, by operation of law, into shares of excess stock and 
 
 the excess stock will be held by us as trustee of a trust for the exclusive benefit of future transferees to whom the shares of capital stock will ultimately be transferred without violating the ownership limit.
 Pursuant to authority under our charter, our board of directors has determined that the ownership limit does not apply to any shares of our stock beneficially owned by Elinor F. Urstadt, Willing L. Biddle, Catherine U. Biddle, Elinor P. Biddle, Dana C. Biddle and Charles D. Urstadt (the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members ), but only to the extent that the aggregate value of all such stock does not exceed nineteen and ninety one-hundredth percent (19.90 of the value of all of the company s outstanding common stock, Class A common stock and preferred stock at any date of determination, unless at least two of the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members would separately be considered as among the five largest shareholders (which for this purpose requires ownership of at least 7.5 based on value of shares (and determined after applying the ownership rules in Sections 542, 544 and 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), in which case the maximum aggregate value of all shares of our stock beneficially owned by the Urstadt and Biddle Family Members is increased to twenty-seven percent (27.00 ).
 Ownership of our stock is subject to attribution rules under the Code, which may result in a person being deemed to own stock held by other persons. Our board of directors may waive the ownership limit if it determines that the waiver will not jeopardize our status as a REIT. As a condition of such a waiver, our board of directors may require an opinion of counsel satisfactory to it or undertakings or representations from the applicant with respect to preserving our REIT status. We required no such waiver with respect to Mr. Urstadt s ownership rights, which are established as part of our charter.
 Any person who acquires our stock must, on our demand, immediately provide us with any information we may request in order to determine the effect of the acquisition on our status as a REIT. If our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT, the ownership limitation will not be relevant. Otherwise, the ownership limit may be changed only by an amendment to our charter by a vote of a majority of the voting power of our common equity securities.
 Our charter provides that any purported transfer which results in a direct or indirect ownership of shares of capital stock in excess of the ownership limit or that would result in the disqualification of our company as a REIT will be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the shares of capital stock. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, waive the ownership limit if evidence satisfactory to our board of directors and our tax counsel is presented that the changes in ownership will not then or in the future jeopardize our REIT status and our board of directors otherwise decides that such action is in our best interests.
 Shares of stock owned, or deemed to be owned, or transferred to a stockholder in excess of the ownership limit will automatically be converted into shares of excess stock that will be transferred, by operation of law, to us as trustee of a trust for the exclusive benefit of the transferees to whom such shares of capital stock may be ultimately transferred without violating the ownership limit. While the excess stock is held in trust, it will not be entitled to vote, it will not be considered for purposes of any stockholder vote or the determination of a quorum for such vote, and except upon liquidation it will not be entitled to participate in dividends or other distributions. Any distribution paid to a proposed transferee of excess stock prior to the discovery by us that stock has been transferred in violation of the provision of our charter is required to be repaid to us upon demand. The excess stock is not treasury stock, but rather constitutes a separate class of our issued and outstanding stock. The original transferee-stockholder may, at any time the excess stock is held by us in trust, transfer the interest in the trust representing the excess stock to any person whose ownership of shares of capital stock exchanged for such excess stock would be permitted under the ownership limit, at a price not in excess of (a) the price paid by the original transferee-stockholder for shares of stock that were exchanged into excess stock, or (b) if the original transferee-stockholder did not give value for such shares (e.g., the shares were received through a gift, devise or other transaction), the average closing price for the class of stock for the ten days immediately preceding such sale, gift or other transaction if such class of stock is then listed on a national securities exchange, and if such class of stock is not then listed on a national securities exchange, its redemption price, as applicable. Immediately upon the transfer to the permitted transferee, the excess stock will automatically be converted back into shares of stock. If the foregoing transfer restrictions are determined to be void or invalid by virtue of any legal decision, statute, rule or regulation, then the intended transferee of any shares of excess stock may be deemed, at our option, to have acted as an agent on behalf of us in acquiring the excess stock and to hold the excess stock on behalf of us.
 In addition, we will have the right, for a period of 90 days during the time any shares of excess stock are held by us in trust, to purchase all or any portion of the excess stock from the original transferee-stockholder at the lesser of (a) the price initially paid for such shares by the original transferee-stockholder, or if the original transferee-stockholder did not give value for such shares (e.g., the shares were received through a gift, devise or other transaction), the average closing price for the class of stock for the ten days immediately preceding such sale, gift or other transaction, and (b) the average closing price for the class of stock for the ten trading days immediately preceding the date we elect to purchase such shares, or in each case if the class of stock is not then listed on a national securities exchange, its redemption price, as applicable. The 90-day period begins on the date notice is received of the violative transfer if the original transferee-stockholder gives notice to us of the transfer, or, if no such notice is given, the date our board of directors determines that a violative transfer has been made.
 Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws, Maryland Law and Change of Control Agreements
 Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws
 Classification of Board, Vacancies and Removal of Directors
 Our charter provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes. Directors of each class serve for staggered terms of three years each, with the terms of each class beginning in different years. We currently have nine directors. At each annual meeting of our stockholders, successors of the directors whose terms expire at that meeting will be elected for a three-year term and the directors in the other two classes will continue in office. A classified board may delay, defer or prevent a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium over the then-prevailing market price for our common stock and Class A common stock or other attributes that our stockholders may consider desirable. In addition, a classified board could prevent stockholders who do not agree with the policies of our board of directors from replacing a majority of the board of directors for two years, except in the event of removal for cause.
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock, any director may be removed (a) only for cause and (b) only by the affirmative vote of holders of not less than two-thirds of the common equities then outstanding and entitled to vote for the election of directors. Our charter additionally provides that any vacancy occurring on our board of directors (other than as a result of the removal of a director) will be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be filled by a majority of the entire board of directors. A vacancy resulting from the removal of a director may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes cast at a meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose.
 The provisions of our charter relating to the removal of directors and the filling of vacancies on our board of directors could preclude a third party from removing incumbent directors without cause and simultaneously gaining control of our board of directors by filling, with its own nominees, the vacancies created by such removal. The provisions also limit the power of stockholders generally, and those with a majority interest, to remove incumbent directors and to fill vacancies on our board of directors without the support of incumbent directors.
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent
 Our charter provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders may be effected by a consent in writing signed by the holders of all of our outstanding shares of common equity securities entitled to vote on the matter. This requirement could deter a change of control because it could delay or deter the stockholders ability to take action with respect to us without convening a meeting.
 Meetings of Stockholders
 Our bylaws provide for annual stockholder meetings to elect directors. Special stockholder meetings may be called by our Chairman, President or a majority of the board of directors and shall be called by our Secretary at the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. This requirement could deter a change of control because it could delay or deter the stockholders ability to take action with respect to us.
 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations
 Under our bylaws, in order to have a stockholder proposal or director nomination considered at an annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders are generally required to deliver to us certain information concerning themselves and their stockholder proposal or director nomination, as well as a representation as to compliance with certain applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, not less than 75 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting (the annual meeting anniversary date provided, however, that, if the annual meeting is scheduled to be held on a date more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the annual meeting anniversary date, notice must be delivered to us not later than the close of business on the later of:
 
 the 75th day prior to the scheduled date of such annual meeting or 
 
 the 15th day after public disclosure of the date of such meeting.
 Director nominees must also deliver a completed questionnaire regarding his or her background and qualification and a written representation and agreement regarding any voting, indemnification, reimbursement, or similar arrangement such nominee may have with a person or entity. Failure to comply with such timing and informational requirements will result in such proposal or director nomination not being considered at the annual meeting. The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business, and certain related information is to ensure that we and our stockholders have sufficient time and information to consider any matters that are proposed to be voted on at an annual meeting, thus promoting orderly and informed stockholder voting. Such bylaw provisions could have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of our directors or the making of stockholder proposals if the proper procedures are not followed, and of delaying or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to have its own proposals approved.
 Authorization of Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets
 Our charter provides that any consolidation, merger, share exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets must first be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors (including a majority of the Continuing Directors, as defined in our charter) and thereafter must be approved by a vote of at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter.
 Amendment of our Charter and Bylaws
 Our charter may be amended with the approval of a majority of the board of directors (including a majority of the Continuing Directors) and the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders on the matter. Our bylaws may be amended only by the board of directors. In addition, our board of directors may amend our charter without action by our stockholders to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock of any class that we are authorized to issue.
 Indemnification; Limitation of Directors and Officers Liability
 Our charter provides that we have the power, by our bylaws or by resolution of the board of directors, to indemnify directors, officers, employees and agents, provided that indemnification is consistent with applicable law. Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted from time to time by applicable law, our directors, officers and employees and any person serving at our request as a director, officer or employee of another corporation or entity, who by reason of that status or service is or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, any action, suit or proceeding. Our bylaws also provide that the board of directors may indemnify agents. According to our bylaws, indemnification will be against all liability and loss suffered and expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement, reasonably incurred by the indemnified person in connection with the proceeding. Our bylaws provide, however, that we will not be required to indemnify a person in connection with an action, suit or proceeding initiated by that person unless it was authorized by the board of directors. Our bylaws provide that we will pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding and without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, provided that the individual seeking payment provides (a) a written affirmation of the individual s good faith belief that the individual meets the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under the laws of the State of Maryland, and (b) a written undertaking to repay the amount advanced if it is ultimately determined that the applicable standard of conduct has not been met. Our charter limits the liability of our officers and directors to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law.
 The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its directors, officers and certain other parties against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made a party by reason of their service to the corporation or at the corporation s request, unless it is established that (i) the act or omission of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, or (ii) the person actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services, or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. The MGCL does not permit indemnification in respect of any proceeding in which the person seeking indemnification is adjudged to be liable to the corporation. Further, a person may not be indemnified for a proceeding brought by that person against the corporation, except (i) for a proceeding brought to enforce indemnification or (ii) if the corporation s charter or bylaws, a resolution of the board of directors or an agreement approved by the board of directors to which the corporation is a party expressly provides otherwise. Under the MGCL, reasonable expenses incurred by a director or officer who is a party to a proceeding may be paid or reimbursed by the corporation in advance of final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the corporation of (i) a written affirmation by the person of his or her good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification has been met and (ii) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay the amount if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. The MGCL also requires a corporation (unless limited by the corporation s charter) to indemnify a director or officer who is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding against reasonable expenses incurred by the director in connection with the proceeding in which the director or officer has been successful. Our charter contains no such limitation. The MGCL permits a corporation to limit the liability of its officers and directors to the corporation or its stockholders for money damages, but may not include any provision that restricts or limits the liability of directors or officers to the corporation and its stockholders to the extent that (i) it is proved that the person actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or (ii) a final judgment adverse to the person is entered based on a finding that the person s act or omission was the result of active or deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated.
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling our company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
 Provisions of Maryland Law
 Business Combinations
 Under Maryland law, certain business combinations between us and any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our stock, an affiliate of ours who, at any time within the previous two years was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our stock (who the statute terms an interested stockholder ), or an affiliate of an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the person became an interested stockholder. The business combinations that are subject to this law include mergers, consolidations, share exchanges or, in certain circumstances, asset transfers or issuances or reclassifications of equity securities. After the five-year period has elapsed, a proposed business combination with any such party must be recommended by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least:
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding voting stock; and 
 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of the outstanding voting stock, excluding shares held by the interested stockholder,
 unless, among other conditions, the stockholders receive a fair price, as defined by Maryland law, for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares.
 These provisions do not apply, however, to business combinations that the board of directors approves or exempts before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our charter provides that these provisions do not apply to transactions between us and any person who owned 20 of the common stock of a predecessor to the company as of December 31, 1996, or such person s affiliates. As of that date, only Mr. Charles J. Urstadt, former Chairman Emeritus of the company, owned that percentage of our common stock.
 Our board of directors has from time to time authorized issuances of our stock to Mr. Willing L. Biddle, with the effect that he is not an interested stockholder and these provisions do not apply to transactions between us and Mr. Biddle or his affiliates. In addition, our board of directors has, by resolution, determined that the Maryland law provisions restricting business combinations will not be applicable to spouses, children and other descendants of Mr. Urstadt or Mr. Biddle and certain trusts created for their benefit, and any of their affiliates.
 
 Control Share Acquisitions
 Maryland law provides that control shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights unless approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiror or by officers of ours or employees of ours who are also directors. Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other shares previously acquired by the acquiring person, or in respect of which the acquiring person is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, other than by revocable proxy, would entitle the acquiring person to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power:
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 
 
 one-third or more but less than a majority; or 
 
 a majority of all voting power.
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of ownership of, or the power to direct the voting power of control shares, subject to certain exceptions.
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay expenses, may compel our board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, we may present the question at any stockholders meeting.
 If voting rights are not approved at the stockholders meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver the statement required by Maryland law, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, we may redeem any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved, for fair value. Fair value is determined without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares and as of the date of the last control share acquisition or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares were considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror is then entitled to direct the exercise of a majority of all voting power, then all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares for purposes of these appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. The control share acquisition statute does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if we are a party to the transaction, nor does it apply to acquisitions of our stock approved or exempted by our charter or bylaws.
 Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland control share statute any and all acquisitions of our common stock or preferred stock by any person. The board of directors has the right, however, to amend the bylaws, to withdraw this exemption at any time in the future.
 Dissolution Requirements
 Maryland law generally permits the dissolution of a corporation if approved (a) first by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire board of directors declaring such dissolution to be advisable and directing that the proposed dissolution be submitted for consideration at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and (b) upon proper notice being given as to the purpose of the meeting, then by the stockholders of the corporation by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter reduces the required vote (as permitted by Maryland law) to a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.
 Additional Provisions of Maryland Law
 Maryland law also provides that Maryland corporations that are subject to the Exchange Act and have at least three outside directors can elect by resolution of the board of directors to be subject to some corporate governance provisions that may be inconsistent with the corporation s charter and bylaws. Under the applicable statute, a board of directors may classify itself without the vote of stockholders. A board of directors classified in that manner cannot be altered by amendment to the charter of the corporation. Further, the board of directors may, by electing into applicable statutory provisions and notwithstanding the charter or bylaws:
 
 provide that a special meeting of stockholders will be called only at the request of stockholders, entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting; 
 
 reserve for itself the right to fix the number of directors; 
 
 provide that a director may be removed only by the vote of the holders of two-thirds of the stock entitled to vote; 
 
 retain for itself sole authority to fill vacancies created by the death, removal or resignation of a director; and 
 
 provide that all vacancies on the board of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum.
 In addition, a director elected to fill a vacancy under this provision will serve for the balance of the unexpired term and until a successor is elected and qualifies instead of until the next annual meeting of stockholders. A board of directors may implement all or any of these provisions without amending the charter or bylaws and without stockholder approval. A corporation may be prohibited by its charter or by resolution of its board of directors from electing any of the provisions of the statute. We are not prohibited from implementing any or all of the statute.
 While certain of these provisions are already contemplated by our charter and bylaws, the law would permit our board of directors to override further changes to the charter or bylaws. If implemented, these provisions could discourage offers to acquire our common stock or Class A common stock and could increase the difficulty of completing an offer.
 Under Maryland law, our board of directors may amend our charter without stockholder action to effect a reverse stock split with respect to any class of shares, provided the Board does not cause a combination of more than 10 shares of stock into one share in any 12-month period.
 Under Maryland law, dissenting stockholders may have, subject to satisfying certain procedures, the right to demand and receive payment of the fair value of their shares of stock in connection with certain transactions (often referred to as appraisal rights). Under Maryland law, however, stockholders may not demand fair value of stock if the shares are listed on a national securities exchange. Holders of shares of any class of our stock that is listed on a national securities exchange, such as our common stock, Class A common stock and our Series H and K preferred stock, would be precluded from exercising appraisal rights and dissenting from extraordinary transactions, such as the merger of our company with or into another company or the sale of all or substantially all our assets.
 Change of Control Agreements
 We have entered into change of control agreements with certain of our senior executives pursuant to which each such executive would be entitled to certain termination benefits in the event that his or her employment is terminated by such executive for Good Reason or by the company without Cause, in each case within six months prior to, on the date of or within 18 months following a Change in Control, as defined in these agreements. In the event an executive becomes eligible for termination benefits, such benefits would include a lump sum cash payment equal to two and one-half times the sum of (i) the executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the date of the executive s termination of employment or, if greater, in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, (ii) the annual cash bonus paid by the company to the executive in respect of the calendar year ending immediately prior to the date of the executive s termination of employment, and (iii) the grant date value of the most recent annual equity award granted by the company to the executive prior to the date of the executive s termination of employment. The company also would be obligated to maintain, for a period of up to 12 months, all life insurance, disability, 401(k) contribution, medical and other benefit programs to which the executive was previously entitled. The executive s unvested equity awards that are subject solely to time-based vesting conditions would become fully vested and nonforfeitable. Each executive s receipt of termination benefits are subject to the executive s execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the company and compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in the executive s agreement.

Possible Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws, Maryland Law, Stockholder Rights Plan and Change of Control Agreements
 Certain provisions of our charter and bylaws, certain provisions of Maryland law, our stockholder rights plan and our change of control agreements with our officers could have the effect of delaying or preventing a transaction or a change in of control that might involve a premium price for stockholders or that they otherwise may believe is desirable.

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit_21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21 10K 2022

EXHIBIT 21
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

323 Railroad Corp., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 Airport Beverages, Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 Greens Farms Beverages, Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 McLean Plaza Associates, LLC, a New York Corporation
 
 Pompton Lakes Towne Square Condominium Association, Inc., a New Jersey Corporation
 
 Pompton Lakes Towne Square Urban Renewal Entity, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 Pompton Lakes Towne Square Urban Renewal Entity II (Retail), LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 Ridgeway Beverages Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 Riverhead Spirits, Inc., a New York Corporation
 
 Staples Plaza Self Storage, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 The Dock Self Storage, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 The Dock Wine and Liquors Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 Veterans Plaza Beverages, Inc. a Connecticut Corporation
 
 UB 970 High Ridge, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB 1031 Parking, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Bloomfield I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Boonton I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Brewster, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Chestnut, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Clarkstown, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 UB Danbury, Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 UB Darien, Inc., a Connecticut Corporation
 
 UB Derby I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Dockside, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Dumont I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Eastchester Plaza, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Fairfield Centre, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Fort Lee I, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Greenwich I, LLC, a Connecticut Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Greenwich II-OGCC, LLC, a Connecticut Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Harrison I, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB High Ridge, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB High Ridge SPE, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Ironbound GP, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Ironbound, L.P., a Delaware Limited Partnership
 
 UB Katonah, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Kinnelon I, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Litchfield, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB McLean, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Midland Park I, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Midway I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Midway II, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB New City I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB New Milford, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB New Providence, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Newfield Green, LLC, a Connecticut Limited Liability Company
 
 UB New City I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB NM Fairfield Plaza, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Orangeburg, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Passaic I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Pompton Lakes I, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Putnam, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Railside, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Riverhead I, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Riverhead II, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Rye LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Shelton Gas Pad, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 UB Shelton Square, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 UB Solar, Inc., a New Jersey Corporation
 
 UB Solar SPE Yorktown, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Somers, Inc., a New York Corporation
 
 UB Stamford, L.P., a Delaware Limited Partnership
 
 UB Stratford I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Tanglewood, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Waldwick I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Wyckoff I, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company
 
 UB Yorktown, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit_23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23 10K 2022

EXHIBIT 23
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements ((i) Forms S-3 No. 33-57119, No. 333-64381, No. 333-115083, No. 333-157286, No. 333-165811, No. 333-239014, No. 333-239016 and No. 333-239021 and (ii) Forms S-8 No. 333-157283, No. 333-165807, No. 333-175405, No. 333-189326, No. 333-211960 and 333-230571) of our reports dated January 12, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended October 31, 2022.

/s/ PKF O'Connor Davies, LLP
 New York, New York
 January 12, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 10K 2022

EXHIBIT 31.1
 
 CERTIFICATION
 
 I, Willing L. Biddle, certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 
 (a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 
 (b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors:
 
 (a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: January 13, 2023
 /s/ Willing L. Biddle
 Willing L. Biddle
 President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 10K 2022

EXHIBIT 31.2
 
 CERTIFICATION
 
 I, John T. Hayes, certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors:
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: January 13, 2023
 /s/ John T. Hayes
 John T. Hayes
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 exhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32 10K 2022

EXHIBIT 32
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 with Respect to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the Year ended October 31, 2022
 of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that:
 
 1.
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 2.
 Information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: January 13, 2023
 /s/ Willing L. Biddle
 Willing L. Biddle
 President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 13, 2023
 /s/ John T. Hayes
 John T. Hayes
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

The certification set forth above is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and should not be deemed to be filed under the Exchange Act by the Company or the certifying officers.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 uba-20221031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 uba-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 uba-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 uba-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 uba-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

