<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1333493_0001333493-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13923388</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>508902</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2346073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4536040</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3247041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3044679</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001333493-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301172619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001333493-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			eHealth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001333493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				770470789
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33071
		FILM NUMBER:		23695155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2625 AUGUSTINE DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-584-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2625 AUGUSTINE DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001333493-23-000018.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ehth-20221231.htm
 10-K

ehth-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 _____________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification No) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _____________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which was June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of its shares (based on a closing price of 9.33 per share) held by non-affiliates was million. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding as of February 15, 2023 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EHEALTH, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 Table of Contents PAGE 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Statement s 
 4 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 115 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 115 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 118 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 118 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 118 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 118 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 118 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 118 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 119 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 Signatures 
 121 
 Exhibit Index 
 123 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks we face, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects: 
 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we cannot compete effectively against current and future competitors, including government-run health insurance exchanges, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer. 
 Our business may be harmed if we lose our relationship with health insurance carriers or our relationship with health insurance carriers is modified. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of health insurance carriers, and any impairment of our relationship with them or impairment of their business could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to successfully attract and convert qualified prospects into members for whom we receive commissions, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 Our financial results will be adversely impacted if we are unable to retain our existing members. 
 Our business is seasonal in nature, and if we are not successful in responding to changes in the seasonality of our business, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Changes in our management or key employees could affect our business and financial results. 
 Our business success depends on our ability to timely hire, train and retain qualified licensed health insurance agents to provide superior customer service and support our strategic initiatives while also controlling our labor costs. 
 Our business may be harmed if we are not successful in executing on our operational and strategic plans, including our growth strategies, cost-saving and enrollment quality initiatives. 
 Our failure to effectively manage our operations and maintain our company culture as our business evolves and our work practices change could harm us. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We depend upon Internet search engines and social media platforms to attract a significant portion of the consumers who visit our website, and if we are unable to effectively advertise on search engines or social media platforms on a cost-effective basis, our business and operating results would be harmed. 
 We rely significantly on marketing partners, and our business and operating results would be harmed if we are unable to maintain effective relationships with our existing marketing partners or if we do not establish successful relationships with new marketing partners. 
 If our carrier advertising and sponsorship program is not successful, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Our commission revenue could be negatively impacted by changes in our estimated conversion rate of an approved member to a paying member, our forecast of average plan duration or our forecast of likely commission amounts. 
 If commission reports we receive from carriers are inaccurate or not sent to us in a timely manner, our business and operating results could be harmed and we may not recognize trends in our membership. 
 We do not receive information about membership cancellations from our health insurance carriers directly, which makes it difficult for us to determine the impact of current conditions on our membership retention and to accurately estimate membership as of a specific date. 
 Our operations in China involve many risks that could increase expenses, expose us to increased liability and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous, complex and frequently changing laws, regulations and guidelines, and non-compliance with or changes in laws, regulations and guidelines could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Changes and developments in the health insurance industry or system, including changes in laws and regulations, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 From time to time we are subject to various legal proceedings which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to operate our business if we fail to maintain our health insurance licenses and otherwise comply with the numerous laws and regulations applicable to the sale of health insurance. 
 Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and security issues and expanding laws could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Any legal liability, regulatory penalties, complaints or negative publicity related to the information on our website or that we otherwise provide could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our operating results will be impacted by factors that impact our estimate of the constrained lifetime value of commissions per approved member. 
 Our agreements with our lender and convertible preferred stock investors contain restrictions that impact our business and expose us to risks that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Operating and growing our business is likely to require additional capital, and if capital is not available to us, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer. 
 If we fail to properly maintain existing or implement new information systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our business is subject to security risks and, if we experience a successful cyberattack, a security breach or are otherwise unable to safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of the data we hold, including sensitive personal information, our business will be harmed. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our future operating results are likely to fluctuate and could fall short of expectations, which could negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline. 
 Our convertible preferred stock investors have rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of our common stockholders, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, result in the interests of our convertible preferred stock investors differing from those of our common stockholders and make an acquisition of us more difficult. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, pandemics, natural disasters, changing climate conditions and other extreme events, including legal, regulatory and social responses thereto, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We face risks related to heightened inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions. 

Our Risk Factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words expect, anticipate, believe, estimate, target, goal, project, hope, intend, plan, seek, continue, may, could, should, might, forecast, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding our expectations relating to estimated membership; our estimates regarding the constrained lifetime value of commissions and commissions receivable; our expectations relating to revenue, operating costs, cash flows and profitability; our expectations regarding our strategy and investments; our expectations regarding our business, including market opportunity, consumer demand and our competitive advantage; our expectations regarding our individual and family business, Medicare Supplement and other ancillary products, including anticipated trends and our ability to enroll individuals and families into qualified health plans; the impact of future and existing laws and regulations on our business; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other public health crises, illnesses, epidemics or pandemics on our business; our expectations regarding commission rates, payment rates, conversion rates, plan termination rates and duration, membership retention rates and membership acquisition costs; our expectations regarding health insurance agents licensing and productivity; our expectations regarding beneficiary complaints, customer experience and enrollment quality; our expectations relating to the seasonality of our business; expected competition, including from government-run health insurance exchanges and other sources; our expectations relating to marketing and advertising expense and expected contributions from our marketing and strategic partnership channels; the timing of our receipt of commission and other payments; our critical accounting policies and related estimates; liquidity and capital needs; political, legislative, regulatory and legal challenges; the merits or potential impact of any lawsuits filed against us; as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition, prospects and business strategies. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements for various reasons, including our ability to retain existing members and enroll new members during the annual healthcare open enrollment period, the Medicare annual enrollment period, the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period and other special enrollment periods; changes in laws, regulations and guidelines, including in connection with health care reform or with respect to the marketing and sale of Medicare plans; competition, including competition from government-run health insurance exchanges and other sources; the seasonality of our business and the fluctuation of our operating results; our ability to accurately estimate membership, lifetime value of commissions and commissions receivable; changes in product offerings among carriers on our ecommerce platform and changes in our estimated conversion rate of an approved member to a paying member the resulting impact of each on our commission revenue; the concentration of our revenue with a small number of health insurance carriers; our ability to execute on our growth strategy and other business initiatives; changes in our management and key employees; our ability to hire, train, retain and ensure the productivity of licensed health insurance agents and other employees; exposure to security risks and our ability to safeguard the security and privacy of confidential data; our relationships with health insurance carriers; the success of our carrier advertising and sponsorship program; our success in marketing and selling health insurance plans and our unit cost of acquisition; our ability to effectively manage our operations as our business evolves and execute on our transformational plan and other strategic initiatives; the need for health insurance carrier and regulatory approvals in connection with the marketing of Medicare-related insurance products; changes in the market for private health insurance; consumer satisfaction of our service and actions we take to improve the quality of enrollments; changes in member conversion rates; changes in commission rates; our ability to sell qualified health insurance plans to subsidy-eligible individuals and to enroll subsidy-eligible individuals through government-run health insurance exchanges; our ability to maintain and enhance our brand identity; our ability to derive desired benefits from investments in our business, including membership growth and retention initiatives; reliance on marketing partners; the impact of our direct-to-consumer email, social media, telephone and television marketing efforts; timing of receipt and accuracy of commission reports; payment practices of health insurance carriers; dependence on our operations in China; the restrictions in our debt obligations; the restrictions in our investment agreement with convertible preferred stock holders; our ability to raise additional capital; compliance with insurance, privacy and other laws and regulations; the outcome of litigation in which we are may from time to time be involved; the performance, reliability and availability of our information technology systems, ecommerce platform and underlying network infrastructure; public health crises pandemics, natural disasters, changing climate conditions and other extreme events; and general economic conditions, including inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions; and those identified under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A. of this report and those discussed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. Except as required by applicable law, we do not undertake, and specifically decline, any obligation to update any of these statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 
 
 We are a leading private health insurance marketplace with a technology and service platform that provides consumer engagement, education and health insurance enrollment solutions. Our mission is to expertly guide consumers through their health insurance enrollment and related options, when, where, and how they prefer. Our platform leverages technology to solve a critical problem in a large and growing market by aiding consumers in what has traditionally been a complex, confusing and opaque health insurance purchasing process. 
 
 Our omnichannel consumer engagement platform differentiates our offering from other brokers and enables consumers to use our services online, by telephone with a licensed insurance agent or through a hybrid online assisted interaction that includes live agent chat and co-browsing capabilities. We have created a consumer-centric marketplace that offers consumers a broad choice of insurance products that includes thousands of Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, Medicare Part D prescription drug, individual, family, small business, and other ancillary health insurance products from approximately 200 health insurance carriers across all fifty states and the District of Columbia. Our plan recommendation tool curates this broad plan selection by analyzing customer health-related information against plan data for insurance coverage fit. This tool is supported by a unified data platform and is available to our ecommerce customers and our licensed agents. We strive to be the most trusted partner to the consumer in their life s journey through the health insurance market. 
 
 We operate our business in two segments: (1) Medicare, and (2) Individual, Family and Small Business. Our Medicare segment represents the majority of our business and constituted approximately 89 of our revenue in 2022. We derive the majority of our revenues from commission payments paid to us by health insurance carriers related to insurance plans that have been purchased by members who used our services. Our platform and services are free to the consumer, and, as a broker, we do not take on underwriting risk. 
 
 In our Medicare segment, we have benefited from (1) demographic trends, with an average of approximately 10,000 people projected to turn 65 every day for the next ten years; (2) the strong value proposition of the Medicare Advantage program, which has provided overall superior health outcomes compared to traditional Medicare and a wide selection of plans that are increasingly offering extra benefits, including gym memberships, medical transport and nutritional services; (3) the increasing proportion of the Medicare eligible population that is choosing commercial insurance solutions such as Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, rather than obtaining healthcare through the original Medicare program; and (4) consumers' growing propensity to comparison shop, including for healthcare insurance. In addition, our digital platform provides us with a strong competitive advantage as seniors' adoption of the Internet for research, social interaction, shopping, and other daily needs is growing and has been accelerated by the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 In our Individual, Family and Small Business segment, we have benefited from the recent expansion of the premium tax credit subsidies that have made qualified health plans under the Affordable Care Act more affordable to consumers and cover the 2021 and 2022 plan years, with the passage of the American Recovery Plan Act, and extended from 2023 through 2025 with the passage of the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act. We have also benefited from the favorable plan retention dynamics with our existing customers. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Business Model 
 
 Our management evaluates our business performance and manages our operations in the following two segments: 
 
 Medicare Segment 
 
 Through a combination of demand generation strategies, we actively market a large selection of Medicare-related health insurance plans and, to a lesser extent, ancillary products such as dental and vision insurance and indemnity plans, to our Medicare-eligible consumers. Our Medicare ecommerce platform, which can be accessed through our websites www.eHealthMedicare.com, www.PlanPrescriber.com and www.GoMedigap.com ), and telephonic enrollment capabilities enable consumers to research, compare and purchase Medicare-related health insurance plans, including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. To the extent that we assist in the sale of Medicare-related insurance plans as a health insurance agent, either online, telephonically, or through a hybrid online assisted enrollment, we generate revenue as a result of commissions we receive from health insurance carriers. Our commissions include regular payments with respect to administrative services we perform. Our Medicare Supplement plan commissions include certain bonus payments, which are generally based on our attaining predetermined target sales levels or other objectives, as determined by the health insurance carriers. 
 
 In the first effective plan year of a Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plan, after the health insurance carrier approves the application, we are paid a fixed commission that is prorated for the number of months remaining in the calendar year. Additionally, if the plan is the first Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D prescription drug plan issued to the member because the beneficiary just became eligible for these products or has previously been covered through the traditional Medicare program, we may receive a higher commission amount that covers a full 12-month period, regardless of the month the plan was effective. Beginning with the second plan year and for as long as the member remains on that plan, we typically receive fixed, monthly commissions for Medicare Advantage plans and fixed, annual commissions for Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. We are paid commissions for Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans for which we are the broker of record, typically until either the plan is cancelled or we otherwise do not remain the agent on the plan. Commission payments we receive for Medicare Supplement plans sold by us typically are a percentage of the premium on the plan and are paid to us monthly until either the plan is cancelled or we otherwise do not remain the agent on the plan. 
 
 Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plan pricing is approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"), an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and is not subject to negotiation or discounting by health insurance carriers or our competitors. Similarly, Medicare Supplement plan pricing is set by the health insurance carrier and approved by state regulators and is not subject to negotiation or discounting by health insurance carriers or our competitors. 
 
 Individual, Family and Small Business Segment 
 
 We actively market individual and family health insurance plans ("IFP") and small business health insurance plans through our ecommerce platform, which can be accessed through our websites www.eHealth.com and www.eHealthInsurance.com ), and generate revenue as a result of commissions we receive from health insurance carriers whose health insurance plans are purchased through us, as well as commission override payments we receive for achieving sales volume thresholds or other objectives. In addition, we market a variety of ancillary products, including but not limited to, short-term, dental and vision plans. These ancillary products are offered to individual and family and small business consumers and are also sold on a standalone basis. The commission payments we receive for individual and family, small business, and ancillary health insurance plans are either a percentage of the premium consumers pay for those plans or a flat amount per member per month, and vary depending on the carrier that is offering the plan, the state where the plan was sold and the size of the small business. Commission payments are typically made to us on a monthly basis until either the plan is cancelled or we otherwise do not remain the agent on the plan. Health insurance pricing, which is set by the health insurance carrier and approved by state regulators, is not subject to negotiation or discounting by health insurance carriers or our competitors. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Non-Commission Revenue Sources 
 
 Within our two operating segments, we earn commission revenue, as well as non-commission revenue, or other revenue, which includes online sponsorship and advertising, lead referral, technology licensing revenue, and performance of other services, such as conducting health risk assessments. 
 
 Online Sponsorship and Advertising. We generate revenue from our sponsorship and advertising program that allows carriers to purchase advertising space for non-Medicare products on our website and potentially Medicare plan related advertising on separate websites that we develop, host and maintain. In addition, in connection with our Medicare plan advertising program, we may engage in other activities, including marketing. In return for our services, we typically are paid either a flat amount, a monthly amount, or, in our individual and family health insurance sponsorship advertising program, a performance-based fee based on metrics such as submitted health insurance applications. 
 
 Lead Referrals. We generate revenue from the sale of Medicare-related and individual and family health insurance leads generated by our ecommerce platforms and our marketing activities. 
 
 Technology Licensing. We generate revenue from licensing the use of our health insurance ecommerce technology. Our technology platform enables health insurance carriers to market and distribute health insurance plans online. Health insurance carriers that license our technology typically pay us implementation fees and performance-based fees that are based on metrics such as submitted health insurance applications. 
 
 Additional financial information about our company is included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Industry Background 
 
 The purchase of health insurance is a high-stakes decision for a consumer. Historically it has been a complex, time-consuming and paper-intensive process. The complexity and large number of plan options with a variety of coverage, provider networks, and out-of-pocket cost combinations can make it difficult to make informed health insurance decisions. The Internet s convenient, information-rich and interactive nature offers the opportunity to provide consumers with more organized and transparent information, a broader choice of plans and a more efficient and accurate process than have typically been available from traditional health insurance distribution channels. We believe that the Internet is becoming an increasingly important channel for researching and enrolling into health insurance plans, similar to other consumer-focused industries such as travel, financial services and shopping. 
 
 Medicare is a federal program that provides persons sixty-five years of age and older, and some persons under the age of sixty-five who meet certain conditions, with hospital and medical insurance benefits. Medicare beneficiaries choose between Medicare Fee-For-Service and Medicare Advantage plans. Medicare Fee-For-Service is a government plan where the consumer is responsible for select health care related payments with no limit on out-of-pocket expenses. To increase coverage, Medicare Fee-For-Service beneficiaries can purchase commercially offered Medicare Supplement plans. Medicare Advantage is an alternative to Medicare Fee-For-Service. CMS contracts with private health insurance carriers under the Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug programs. Under these programs, the government pays health insurance carriers per enrollee to cover health care expenses rather than the government making payments directly to providers under Medicare Fee-For-Service. Medicare Advantage plans are required to cover the same services as Medicare Fee-For-Service and usually cover a variety of other health care services and include a cap on out-of-pocket spending for the consumer. 
 
 Individual and family products are typically purchased by consumers under 65 years of age that do not have coverage through their employer. Small business group health insurance addresses the health insurance needs of businesses with 100 or fewer employees, although we have chosen to focus on employer groups of 20 or fewer employees. Individual, family and small business health insurance has historically been sold by independent insurance agents and, to a lesser degree, directly by insurance companies. Many of these agents are self-employed 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 or part of small agencies, and they typically service only their local communities. In addition, many of these agents sell health insurance from a limited number of insurance carriers (in some cases only one), resulting in a reduced selection of plans for the consumer. 

Our Growth Strategies 
 
 We believe that our consumer-centric omnichannel distribution model provides us competitive strengths in customer engagement and health insurance distribution and creates opportunities for growth in our core Medicare business and in other areas of the health insurance market. We intend to pursue the following strategies to further advance our business. 
 
 Pursue Deliberate Enrollment and Revenue Growth 
 
 In 2022, we purposefully slowed down our enrollment volume and revenue growth as we worked to implement a number of transformation initiatives aimed at increasing the effectiveness of our sales and marketing organizations and rationalizing our cost structure. In 2023, we expect to return to growth on an enhanced foundation with an emphasis on enrollment quality, member experience, and engagement. 
 
 We intend to pursue deliberate, targeted growth focusing on products, demand generation channels, fulfillment processes, and market segments that best leverage our competitive differentiation. We believe that consumers are increasingly favoring choice and the ability to comparison shop to achieve optimal health insurance coverage. Our omnichannel choice model that supports telephonic, online-unassisted and online-assisted interactions with eHealth is well aligned with the evolving needs and preferences of our customers and allows us to reach a large portion of the Medicare and broader health insurance markets. 
 
 Continue To Build Out Our Unified Omnichannel Marketing Engine 
 
 In 2022, we improved our lead quality and lowered our acquisition costs by narrowing down our marketing channels and campaigns to eliminate those initiatives that did not satisfy our criteria for return on investment. As we return to enrollment growth, we expect to start expanding and diversifying our channel mix though a disciplined, test-based approach to lead generation. 
 
 We plan to increase audience segmentation and targeting in our marketing activities, in recognition of the diverse nature of our end markets. For example, customers who are just aging into Medicare and looking for their first plan will respond to marketing materials and interact with our platform differently from those who are familiar with the program and are looking to switch from an existing plan to a new one. We believe a more tailored approach geared to specific needs of an audience will lead to further improvement in lead quality and enhance customer engagement. We also plan to align our marketing engine more closely with the new structure of our telesales organization by emphasizing local-market and product-specific campaigns. 
 
 We also plan to place a greater emphasis on building a distinct eHealth brand and achieving lasting awareness among our current and potential customers of our differentiated value proposition as a trusted, transparent advisor in a complex health insurance industry. We plan to communicate this value proposition throughout the customer journey, starting with a consistent message across all of our marketing channels, during customer interaction with our omnichannel platform as they research and shop for plans, and extending to post-enrollment member engagement activities. 
 
 Focus on Enrollment Quality and Member Retention 
 
 Our goal is to build a leadership position in our industry by establishing our omnichannel distribution platform as the gold standard for customer experience. We believe that success and sustainability of Medicare brokers is increasingly determined by customer satisfaction, retention, and other quality tracking metrics. This trend is redefining the competitive landscape in our business and has created significant competitive advantages for agents and brokers that emphasize member experience and collaborate with carriers on attaining quality goals. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Through continued improvements to our online experience and plan recommendation engine, enhancement to agent training, and comprehensive post-enrollment retention strategy, we strive to present Medicare beneficiaries with choices that best align with their unique circumstances and assist them in making future decisions should their insurance plan needs or personal circumstances change. 
 
 As a next phase of our retention strategy, we have introduced additional initiatives including targeted and personalized communications over a variety of channels meant to foster year-round awareness of eHealth and the services we provide. We also plan to introduce a more personalized customer support strategy for our new customers, providing them with increasingly seamless methods to reach dedicated support agents with any questions or concerns. 
 
 Drive Higher Conversions on our Platform 
 
 We plan to continue improving consumer experience and conversion rates across our entire omnichannel platform, regardless of how a customer first interacts with eHealth or how the final enrollment is made. This includes increasing the effectiveness of our telesales organization through a redesigned hiring, training, and career pathing program. We are also expanding the percentage of our agents who specialize in specific geographies and/or products, which has demonstrated a positive impact on the depth of their expertise and effectiveness in serving our customers. The changes to our demand generation strategy are also expected to contribute to higher conversion rates through better lead quality. 
 
 On the technology side, we plan to further enhance customers shopping and enrollment experience on our platform through multiple touchpoints. This includes advanced plan recommendation tools, online educational content, real-time customer data verification, and new platform features aimed at bridging online and offline experience, such as online chat and agent co-browsing. Our goal is to allow customers to interact with us on their terms, moving seamlessly between our website, call center, and electronic communications with licensed agents, and to provide them with personalized and consistent end-to-end experiences across mobile and website throughout critical customer journeys. 
 
 Diversify Our Revenue Streams 
 
 We intend to leverage our technology leadership, carrier relationships and distribution capabilities to pursue the diversification of our core business and revenue base. This will include investing for growth in existing product lines outside of the core Medicare Advantage business, as well as adding new products and services and accessing adjacent markets within the broader health insurance industry. 
 
 Within our existing product lines, we expect to generate enrollment growth and scale through targeted investments in our individual family plans business, Medicare Supplement, dental, vision, and hearing plans, hospital indemnity plans, and related ancillary products that can be offered to our current customer demographics. 
 
 Further, we see opportunities to diversify our revenue streams by offering member engagement services, such as health risk assessments and supplementing our core broker-of-record business with dedicated carrier arrangements and business process outsourcing deals that leverage our call center capabilities to help field inbound call volumes for specific carriers. 

Carrier Relationships 
 
 We have developed strategic relationships with leading health insurance carriers in the United States, enabling us to offer thousands of health insurance plans online. We have relationships with a large number of Medicare-related, individual and family, small business and ancillary health insurance plan carriers, including large national carriers and well-established regional carriers. Many of these major carriers have been selling their products through us for over ten years. In many cases, we have back-office integration with major carriers allowing us to submit applications efficiently and cost-effectively, which is an area of competitive differentiation for our business. We typically enter into contractual agency relationships with health insurance carriers that are non-exclusive and terminable on short notice by either party for any reason. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Our Platforms and Technology 
 
 Our ecommerce platforms and consumer engagement solutions are built to provide market leading information, decision support, customer engagement, and transactional services to a broad group of health insurance consumers across the country while prioritizing accessibility to health insurance. Our ecommerce platforms organize and present voluminous and complex health insurance information in an objective format that empowers individuals, families and small businesses to research, analyze, compare and purchase a wide variety of health insurance plans. We have a technology and content team that is responsible for ongoing enhancements to the features and functionality of our ecommerce platforms, which we believe are critical to maintaining our technology leadership position in the industry. A large number of our technology and content employees are located in our subsidiary in Xiamen, China. There are many risks associated with having an operation and doing business in China. Information regarding risks involving our operations in China is included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Elements of our platforms include: 
 
 Plan Comparisons and Recommendations . We offer online comparison and recommendation tools that process and simplify voluminous information across thousands of health insurance plans that are available through our platform. Our technology enables consumers to compare and evaluate health insurance options based on each consumer's specific needs and plan characteristics such as price, plan type, coverage limits, deductible amount, co-payment amount, and in-network and out-of-network benefits. After entering relevant information on our website or giving such information to one of our licensed agents, our platforms allow consumers to instantly receive a list of applicable health insurance plans and rate and benefit information in an easy-to-understand format. Our proprietary recommendation algorithms are carrier-agnostic and were designed based on the several million customer assistance encounters we have facilitated. 
 
 Online Application and Enrollment Forms . Health insurance applications vary widely by carrier and state. Our proprietary application tool allows us to capture each insurance application s unique business rules and build a corresponding online application. Our online application process offers our consumers significant improvements over the traditional, paper-intensive application process. It employs dynamic business logic to help individuals and families complete the application and enrollment forms correctly in real-time. This reduces delay resulting from application rework, a significant problem with traditional health insurance distribution, where incomplete applications are mailed back and forth between the consumer, the traditional agent, and the carrier. We further simplify the enrollment process by accepting electronic signatures. 
 
 Customer and Carrier Data Interchange. Our digital data interface technology integrates our online application process with health insurance carriers technology systems, enabling us to deliver our consumers applications to health insurance carriers electronically. Our digital interface technology also expedites the loading of insurance product inventory into our various shopping experiences and accelerates the application process by eliminating manual delivery. We also receive alerts and data from carriers, such as notification of approval or a request from a carrier for a consumer s medical records for underwriting purposes, which we then relay electronically to the consumer. These features of our service help prevent applications from becoming delayed or rejected through inactivity of the consumer or the carrier. 
 
 Call Center Technology Systems. Our proprietary agent-assist management systems enable us to provide a full range of personalized customer service tasks efficiently while complying with Medicare and health insurance regulatory requirements. Call center agents have script-on-screen tools that align to health insurance needs and leverage a common back-office platform that powers our direct-to-consumer shopping experience. Our systems also have customer relationship management tools that can track each consumer throughout the application process, obtain real-time updates from the carrier, generate automated emails specific to each consumer and access a cross-sell engine and dashboard to identify and track cross-sell opportunities. Our auto-email system is feature-rich with HTML capability, customizable merge tags, granular segmentation and tracking capability. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Center. Our Customer Center enables members to create a secure personal profile that stores their prescription drug regimen, preferred doctors and pharmacies, current coverage, and other relevant data. This data is available to the member and our licensed agents that they contact. After members create a Customer Center account, our technology will import details provided to an agent over telephone to the account. The following are important benefits of our Customer Center: 
 
 Empowers Medicare beneficiaries to take control of their personal information - Our Customer Center puts our members in the driver's seat by helping them track and update the information they need when it is time to reconsider their coverage options. 
 
 Identification of Medicare plan options - With their personal information easily accessible online and to our agents, it is easier for shoppers to find the best plan options for their personal needs and budget and also incentivizes them to return to us when their needs change. 
 
 Drives retention through communication - Our Customer Center allows beneficiaries to track the status of their applications over time and connects them with us if they have questions. 

Information Security 
 
 Information security is an integral part of our business. We emphasize that information security is everyone s responsibility. We are committed to maintaining information security through responsible management, appropriate use, and protection according to relevant legal and regulatory requirements and our contractual relationships. We maintain an office of the chief information security officer ("CISO") focused on information and systems technology and corporate governance to drive a common security framework practice. The office of the CISO concentrates on technology, behaviors, and safeguarding information from unauthorized or inappropriate access, use, or disclosure. The audit committee of our board of directors oversees information and cybersecurity risks and reviews status with our CISO periodically. We utilize various industry-recognized information security frameworks, including SOC-2, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, Center for Internet Security ("CIS") Controls, and CIS Benchmarks. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We also have filed patent applications that relate to certain of our technology and business processes. 

Marketing 
 
 We focus on building brand awareness, increasing Medicare, individual, family and small business customer visits to our websites and telephonic sales centers, and converting these visitors into members. Our marketing initiatives are varied and numerous, spanning both acquisition and retention marketing. They include: 
 
 Direct Marketing . Our direct marketing channel consists of consumers who call our call centers directly or access our websites (e.g., e Health.com, eHealthInsurance.com, eHealthMedicare.com, and GoMedigap.com either directly or through algorithmic search listings on Internet search engines and directories. Our direct marketing programs include direct mail, email marketing, search engine optimization, and television/video (including linear, connect television devices, and over the top media). 
 
 Online Advertising. Our online advertising channel consists of consumers who access our website or call centers through paid keyword search advertising from search engines such as Google and Bing, paid social platforms like Facebook, as well as various Internet marketing programs such as display advertising and retargeting campaigns. Our online advertising programs are delivered across all Internet-enabled devices, including desktop computers, tablet computers and smart phones. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Marketing Partners . Our marketing partner channel consists of consumers who access our website and call centers through a network comprised of partners that drive consumers to our ecommerce platform and call centers. These partners include health care industry participants, such as insurance carriers; affiliate organizations; online advertisers and content providers that are specialists in paid and unpaid (algorithmic) search, as well as specialists in other types of Internet marketing; pharmacies and hospital networks; financial and online services partners in industries such as banking, insurance and mortgage; and off-line lead generators who specialize in traditional direct marketing channels, such as direct mail. 
 
 Strategic Partner Marketing. Our strategic partner marketing channel consists of co-branded direct marketing with brands to serve their constituencies across key industry vertical categories. We also offer a suite of product integrations to assist in optimizing partner traffic through our online and telephonic flows and provide business process outsourcing that leverages our call center capabilities to help field inbound call volumes for specific carriers. This in turn drives value for our strategic partner by helping fill a need of their clients. 

Competition 
 
 The market for selling health insurance plans is highly competitive. Our competitors include government entities, including government-run health insurance exchanges; health insurance carriers; other health insurance agents and brokers; and companies that use the Internet and other means to attract individuals interested in purchasing health insurance and generate revenue by referring these individuals to us or one of our competitors. 
 
 Other agents and brokers . We compete with agents and brokers who offer and sell health insurance plans utilizing traditional offline distribution channels as well as the Internet. Our current competitors include the tens of thousands of local insurance agents across the United States who sell health insurance plans in their communities. A number of these agents operate websites and provide a limited online shopping experience for consumers interested in purchasing health insurance. In addition, there are a number of direct-to-consumer Medicare platforms that generate demand through a combination of online and traditional marketing channels and fulfill it through their call center operations. 
 
 Government . In connection with our marketing of Medicare related health insurance plans, we compete with the federal government s original Medicare program. CMS also offers Medicare plan online enrollment, information and comparison tools and has established call centers for the sale of Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. CMS has regulatory authority over the Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug program and can influence the competitiveness of Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans compared to the original Medicare program, as well as the compensation that health insurance carriers are allowed to pay us. 
 
 Insurance carriers . Many health insurance carriers directly market and sell their plans to consumers through call centers and their own websites. Although we offer health insurance plans for many of these carriers, they also compete with us by offering their plans directly to consumers and, to a much lesser extent, to small businesses. Health insurance carriers have become more experienced in marketing their products directly to consumers, both over the Internet and through more traditional channels, which has resulted in increased competition. 
 
 Internet marketers and other advertisers . There are many Internet marketing companies and other advertisers that use the Internet and other means to find consumers interested in purchasing health insurance and are compensated for referring those consumers to agents and health insurance carriers. We compete with these companies for individuals who are looking to purchase health insurance. 

Seasonality 
 
 The majority of our commission revenue is recognized in the fourth quarter of each calendar year under Accounting Standards Codification, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASC 606"), which we adopted using the full retrospective transition method on January 1, 2018. We have historically sold a significant portion of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Medicare plans for the year in the fourth quarter during the Medicare annual enrollment period, when Medicare-eligible individuals are permitted to change their Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage for the following year. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, 45 , 49 , and 57 , respectively, of our Medicare plan-related applications were submitted during the fourth quarter. As a result, we generate a significant portion of our commission revenues related to new Medicare plan-related enrollments in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2019, CMS revived the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period during which Medicare Advantage plan enrollees may enroll in another Medicare Advantage plan or disenroll from their Medicare Advantage plan and return to original Medicare. The Medicare Advantage open enrollment period is scheduled to occur between January 1 and March 31 of each year. As a result, we expect to generate higher commission revenue in the first quarter compared to the second and third quarters. 
 
 The annual open enrollment period for individual and family health insurance also takes place in the fourth quarter of the calendar year, resulting in seasonality of individual and family plan submitted applications volume. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, 55 , 38 , 56 , respectively, of our individual and family plan-related applications were submitted during the fourth quarter. As a result, we generate a significant portion of our commission revenues related to individual and family plan-related enrollments in the fourth quarter. Individuals and families generally are not able to purchase individual and family health insurance outside of the annual enrollment period, unless they qualify for a special enrollment period as a result of certain qualifying events, such as losing employer-sponsored health insurance or moving to another state. Extended open enrollment or special enrollment periods may change the seasonality of our individual and family health insurance business. For example, the COVID-related special enrollment period for individual and family health insurance that ended on August 15, 2021 caused increased sales of individual and family health insurance plans outside of the open enrollment period. 
 
 Our marketing and advertising expenses are typically lower in each of our first through third quarters compared to the fourth quarter. We incur a significant portion of our marketing and advertising expenses in the fourth quarter as a result of the Medicare annual enrollment period and the open enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act. We expect this seasonal trend in marketing and advertising expenses to continue in 2023. 
 
 Prior to 2021, in preparation for the Medicare annual enrollment period, and to a lesser extent for the open enrollment period for individual and family health insurance plans, we typically began increasing our customer care center staff during the third and fourth quarters to handle the anticipated increased volume of health insurance transactions, which resulted in higher customer care and enrollment expenses in the third and fourth quarters. Historically, a significant portion of the seasonal increase in customer care center staffing was through the utilization of vendors that employ their own health insurance agents. During 2021, we shifted the mix of our telesales capacity towards full-time internal agents and away from third party vendor agents and began increasing our telesales capacity earlier in the year, during the second quarter. In 2022, we maintained our strategy of keeping the majority of our agent force internal. We plan to maintain our in-house telesales agent force year-round, net of natural attrition, and expect to increase our internal agents' utilization outside of the enrollment periods by expanding our offerings of ancillary products and carrier call center outsourcing programs and increasing our outbound calling efforts. Our customer care and enrollment expenses will still be highest in the fourth quarter and lowest in second quarter but the seasonal fluctuation is expected to be of a lower magnitude. 

Current Economic Conditions 
 
 Recent macroeconomic events including rising inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raising interest rates, and supply chain disruptions have led to further economic uncertainty. Volatile market conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic events have, at times, and may in the future negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. Conversely, we believe the COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on consumer behavior when it comes to selecting and utilizing health insurance. We believe that more seniors have become more likely to shop for Medicare products online or over the phone versus a face-to-face meeting with a traditional broker, which could have a positive impact on comparison Medicare platforms such as ours. 
 
 Additionally, we have seen and may continue to see cost savings from the shift to remote and distributed work for all of our employees in areas including events, travel, utilities, and other benefits. Certain of these cost 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 savings may continue beyond the resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic in connection with our remote first workplace model, as described below. 

Government Regulation and Compliance 
 
 Insurance and Healthcare Regulations. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act which became law in March 2010 (collectively, the "Affordable Care Act"), have primarily impacted our business of selling individual, family and small business insurance plans. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, established annual open enrollment periods for the purchase of individual and family health insurance. Individuals and families generally are not able to purchase individual and family health insurance outside of the annual enrollment periods, unless they qualify for a special enrollment period as a result of certain qualifying events, such as losing employer-sponsored health insurance or moving to another state. Moreover, in order to be eligible for a subsidy, qualified individuals must purchase subsidy-qualifying health plans, known as qualified health plans, through a government-run health insurance exchange during the open enrollment period or a special enrollment period. While they are not required to do so, government-run exchanges are permitted to allow agents and brokers to enroll individuals and families into qualified health plans through them. The Federally Facilitated Marketplace ("FFM") run by CMS operated some part of the health insurance exchange in 33 states during the last health care open enrollment period. Our enrollment of individuals and families into qualified health plans to date has generally occurred through the FFM. 
 
 We currently distribute health insurance plans in all 50 states and in the District of Columbia. The health insurance industry is heavily regulated. Each of these jurisdictions has its own rules and regulations relating to the offer and sale of health insurance plans, typically administered by a department of insurance. State insurance departments have administrative powers relating to, among other things: regulating premium prices; granting and revoking licenses to transact insurance business; approving individuals and entities to which, and circumstances under which, commissions can be paid; regulating advertising, marketing and trade practices; monitoring broker and agent conduct; and imposing continuing education requirements. We are required to maintain valid life and/or health agency and/or agent licenses in each jurisdiction in which we transact health insurance business. 
 
 In addition to state regulations, we also are subject to federal laws, regulations and guidelines issued by CMS that place a number of requirements on health insurance carriers and agents and brokers in connection with the marketing and sale of Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. We are subject to similar requirements of state insurance departments with respect to our marketing and sale of Medicare Supplement plans. Medicare plans are not generally able to be purchased outside of an annual enrollment period that occurs in the fourth quarter of the year, subject to exception for individuals aging into Medicare eligibility and for individuals who qualify for a special enrollment period as a result of certain qualifying events. In addition, Medicare Advantage plan enrollees may enroll in another Medicare Advantage plan or disenroll from their Medicare Advantage plan and return to original Medicare during the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period that generally occurs in the first quarter of the year. CMS and state insurance department regulations and guidelines include a number of prohibitions regarding the ability to contact Medicare-eligible individuals and place many restrictions on the marketing of Medicare-related plans. For example, we or our health insurance carrier partners are required to file with CMS and state departments of insurance certain of our websites, our call center scripts and other marketing materials we, or in some cases our partners, use to market Medicare-related plans and require publication or additional notice and disclaimers. In some instances, CMS or state departments of insurance must approve the material before we use it. In addition, the laws and regulations applicable to the marketing and sale of Medicare-related plans are ambiguous, complex and, particularly with respect to regulations and guidance issued by CMS for Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, change frequently. 
 
 Data Privacy and Security Regulations. We are subject to various federal and state privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements. These laws govern our collection, use, disclosure, protection and maintenance of the individually-identifiable information that we collect from consumers. For example, we are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"). HIPAA and regulations adopted pursuant to HIPAA require us to maintain the privacy of individually-identifiable health information that we collect on behalf of health insurance carriers, implement measures to safeguard such information and provide notification in the event of a breach in the privacy or confidentiality of such information. In addition to our obligations we may have under contracts with health insurance carriers and others regarding the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure or 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 disposal of sensitive personal information, the use and disclosure of certain data that we collect from consumers is also regulated in some instances by other federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") and state statutes implementing GLBA. GLBA generally requires brokers to provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal health and financial information is used and the opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures before sharing such information with a third party, and which generally require safeguards for the protection of personal information. We regularly assess our compliance with privacy and security requirements. These requirements are evolving, and states are beginning to adopt additional requirements, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, effective January 1, 2020, the California Privacy Rights Act, effective January 1, 2023, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, effective January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act, effective July 1, 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, effective December 31, 2023, and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, effective July 1, 2023. Such state privacy laws establish, among other things, new privacy rights for residents of the relevant state, such as the right to know what personal information has been collected about them, how we use and disclose this information, and the right to request deletion of that information. In addition to government action, health insurance carrier expectations relating to privacy and security protections are increasing and evolving. We have incurred significant costs to develop new processes and procedures and to adopt new technology in an effort to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations and carrier expectations and to protect against cyber security risks and security breaches. We expect to continue to do so in the future. Violations of federal and state privacy and security laws and other contractual requirements may result in significant liability and expense, damage to our reputation or termination of relationships with government-run health insurance exchanges and our members, marketing partners and health insurance carriers . 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,515 full-time employees, of which 951 were in customer care and enrollment, 284 were in technology and content, 225 were in general and administrative, and 55 were in marketing and advertising. Of the 1,515 full-time employees, 252 were non-US employees based in our subsidiary in China. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. As required under Chinese law, the employees in our Xiamen, China office established what is referred to as a labor union in China in January 2014. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our employee relations to be strong. 
 
 We value our employees for their critical role in the success of our business. We focus on our culture and maintain a generous benefits package for our employees to attract, motivate, and retain them. Health benefits we offer are extended to all full-time employees. Our employee wellness benefits include mental health and financial well-being benefits, including fertility assistance, a tuition reimbursement program, a student loan repayment program, and financial counseling resources. We also offer manager level employees access to a robust manager development program as well as additional free online career enrichment courses through LinkedIn Learning that span various disciplines. In 2020, we implemented an employee stock purchase program for our U.S. employees which enables them to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount from market prices and participate in equity ownership of us. We have also introduced expanded offerings for virtual employee training to ensure our employees continue to develop their skills while working remotely. 
 
 We focus on diversity, equality, and inclusion, and they form a part of our culture and values. We recently formed a diversity and inclusion committee to identify ways in which we can further support a culture of acceptance and inclusivity. The breakdown of our employees by gender is as follows: 
 
 United States China Male 612 96 Female 646 144 Not disclosed 5 12 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The breakdown of our US employees by race is as follows: 

The members of our board of directors represent a diverse perspective. The board currently is made up of nine members and has always included a majority of independent directors. Our board membership includes three women, one director who is a member of the LGBTQ+ community, and one director who is of Hispanic and Asian heritage. 

Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance ("ESG") 
 
 Starting in 2021, we published our inaugural Sustainability Report, which marked the beginning of our ESG journey as we made a company-wide commitment to a stronger focus on our long-term ESG opportunities and risks while also embedding them into our corporate strategy. Our report and future strategy are informed by an internal materiality assessment, and relevant topics identified through third-party reporting frameworks including Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, Global Reporting Initiative, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. In 2022 we published our 2 nd Sustainability Report. We are dedicated to making a difference in the lives of consumers, for our associates, partners and shareholders, and society. 

Climate Change 
 
 Though our direct environmental impact is limited, we believe that we all have a role to play in effectively planning for, and mitigating the effects of, climate change. Therefore, we consider climate-related risks when assessing our larger enterprise-level risks. We support science-based climate policies and decarbonization actions in alignment with the Paris Agreement and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. We intend to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board's Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") and plan to expand our climate disclosures in the coming year using the TCFD framework. We voluntarily offset our 2020 and 2021 greenhouse gas emissions using renewable energy certificates to reduce our impact and help increase the demand for renewable energy. We also plan to offset our 2022 greenhouse gas emissions. Additionally, we also consider how we can build upon our business model to reduce environmental impacts, such as those associated with the use of paper for processing insurance applications. Through the use of our online platforms, we have transformed a paper intensive health insurance application process into an easy-to-use digital 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 experience. Our transition to being a remote first company in 2022 has significantly reduced our real estate footprint. For the office space we do use, we plan to select and design our offices in a manner that promotes the health, well-being, and productivity of our workforce and plan to consider the environmental impacts of our facilities. We have extended our data tracking mechanisms to better understand our organizational footprint and to identify ways to further mitigate our impact on the environment, including increasing the automation of our procurement activities. 

Corporate Information 
 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in November 1997. Our principal executive offices are located at 2625 Augustine Drive, Suite 150, Santa Clara, CA 95054, and our telephone number is (650) 210-3150. 

Available Information 
 
 We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations page of our web site ir.ehealthinsurance.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The SEC also maintains an Internet website www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct, audit committee charter, compensation committee charter, and nominating and corporate governance committee charter are available on the governance page of our website at ir.ehealthinsurance.com . The information that can be accessed on or through our websites is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business as they may have a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Our Risk Factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we cannot compete effectively against current and future competitors, including government-run health insurance exchanges, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer. 
 
 The market for selling health insurance plans is characterized by intense competition, and we face challenges associated with evolving distribution models, industry and regulatory standards, customer price sensitivity and macro economic conditions. To remain competitive against our current and future competitors, we need to continue to enhance the online health insurance shopping experience and functionalities of our website and customer care operations that our current and future customers may use to purchase health insurance products from us. We also need to work with the health insurance carriers to be able to offer a variety of quality health insurance plans on our platform from which our customers may choose. We will also need to market our services effectively and drive a substantial number of consumers interested in purchasing health insurance to our website and customer care centers during the relevant enrollment periods in a cost-effective manner. 
 
 We compete with government-run health insurance exchanges, among others, with respect to our sale of Medicare-related and individual and family health insurance. The federal government operates a website where Medicare beneficiaries can purchase Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans or be referred to carriers to purchase Medicare Supplement plans. We also compete with the original Medicare program. The Affordable Care Act exchanges have websites where individuals and small businesses can purchase health insurance, and they also have offline customer support and enrollment capabilities. Our competitors also include local insurance agents across the United States who sell health insurance plans in their communities, companies that advertise primarily through television, and companies that operate call centers or websites that provide quote information or the opportunity to purchase health insurance telephonically or online, including lead aggregator services. Although we work with many health insurance carriers on marketing and selling their insurance plans on their behalf, many of them also compete with us by directly marketing and selling their plans to consumers through call centers, Internet advertising and their own websites. In recent years, we have also seen increased competition from national telesales insurance brokers. 
 
 Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. As compared to us, our current and future competitors may be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns for their brands and services, devote more resources to website and systems development, negotiate more favorable commission rates and commission override payments, and make more attractive offers to potential employees, marketing partners and third-party service providers. 
 
 Competitive pressures from government-run health insurance exchanges and other competitors may result in our experiencing increased marketing costs, especially during the Medicare annual enrollment period, decreased demand and loss of market share, increased health insurance plan termination and member turnover, reduction in our membership or revenue and may otherwise harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our business may be harmed if we lose our relationship with health insurance carriers or our relationship with health insurance carriers is modified. 
 
 The success of our business depends upon our ability to enter into new and maintain existing relationships with health insurance carriers on favorable economic terms. Any impairment of our relationship with, or the material financial impairment of, these health insurance carriers or our inability to enter into new relationships with other health insurance carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our contractual relationships with health insurance carriers are typically non-exclusive and terminable on short notice by either party for any reason. In many cases, health insurance carriers may also amend the terms of our agreements unilaterally, including commission rates, on short notice. Health insurance carriers may decide to reduce our commissions, rely on their own internal distribution channels to sell their own plans, determine not to sell their plans or otherwise limit or prohibit us from selling their plans. Carriers may also amend our agreements with them for a variety of reasons, including for competitive or regulatory reasons, dissatisfaction with the economics of the members that we place with them or because they do not want to be associated with our brand. In particular, the laws and regulations applicable to the business of selling Medicare-related health insurance are complex and frequently change. If we or our health insurance agents violate any of the requirements imposed by CMS, or applicable federal or state laws or regulations, health insurance carriers may terminate their relationship with us or require us to take corrective action if our Medicare product sales or marketing give rise to too many complaints. 
 
 The termination of our relationship with a health insurance carrier, the reduction of commission rates, or the amendment of or change in our relationship with a carrier has in the past reduced, and may in the future reduce, the variety, quality and affordability of health insurance plans we offer, cause a loss of commission payments, including commissions for past and/or future sales, cause a reduction in the estimated constrained lifetime values ("LTVs") we use for revenue recognition purposes, result in a loss of existing and potential members, adversely impact our profitability or have other adverse impacts, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Health insurance carriers may also determine to exit certain states or increase premiums to a significant degree, which could cause our members health insurance to be terminated or our members to purchase new health insurance or determine not to pay for health insurance at all. If we lose these members, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of health insurance carriers, and any impairment of our relationship with them or impairment of their business could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our revenue has been concentrated in a small number of health insurance carriers and we expect that a small number of health insurance carriers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. For example, Humana, UnitedHealthcare, Aetna and Centene accounted for , , and , respectively, of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and accounted for , , and , respectively, of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The same carriers accounted for , , and , respectively, of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. As discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our contractual relationships with health insurance carriers are typically non-exclusive and terminable on short notice by either party for any reason. In particular, given the concentration of our Medicare plan sales in a small number of carriers, if we lose a relationship with a health insurance carrier to market their Medicare plans, even temporarily, or if the health insurance carrier loses its Medicare product membership, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 If we are unable to successfully attract and convert qualified prospects into members for whom we receive commissions, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 
 We derive our revenues primarily from commission payments paid to us by health insurance carriers for Medicare-related health insurance and individual and family health insurance plans that have been purchased by members through our services. Our business success depends in large part on our ability to attract qualified prospects into our enrollment platform and provide a relevant and reliable experience in a cost-effective manner to convert such prospects into paying members for whom we receive commissions. We employ different marketing channels and may from time to time adjust our member acquisition strategy to attract visitors to our website and communicate with customers who contact our call centers. If our ability to market and sell Medicare-related health 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 insurance and individual and family health insurance is constrained during the Medicare or individual and family health insurance enrollment periods for any reason, such as technology failures, interruptions in the operation of our ecommerce or telephony platforms, reduced allocation of resources, or any inability to timely employ, license, train, certify and retain our employees to sell health insurance, we could acquire fewer members, suffer a reduction in our membership, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Our business may also be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services that we offer on our platform, changes in the mix of consumers who are referred to us through our direct, marketing partner and online advertising member acquisition channels, including the quality of sales leads, and by seasonal influences. In addition, adverse market events or economic conditions, such as inflation and rising unemployment levels, could impact consumer behavior and demand for health insurance. If more consumers decide to delay enrollment or decrease or discontinue coverage under plans sold through us, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 We have taken and may take additional actions to improve the customer experience, enhance accuracy of plan recommendations, reduce rapid disenrollment and beneficiary complaints, and improve the quality of our enrollments. Although we have in the past invested, and may from time to time invest, in various areas of our business, including technology and content, customer care and enrollment, and marketing and advertising to improve the quantity and quality of our membership enrollment in advance of enrollment periods, such investment may not result in a significant number of approved and paying members or may not be as cost-effective as we anticipated. 
 Our financial results will be adversely impacted if we are unable to retain our existing members. 
 
 We receive commissions from health insurance carriers for health insurance plans sold through us. When one of these plans is canceled, or if we otherwise do not remain the agent on the plan, we no longer receive the related commission payment. Health insurance carriers may choose to discontinue their health insurance plans for a variety of reasons, and when members update their health insurance plan, they may also select a different plan that is not sold through us, or we are otherwise no longer the agent on the plan. Consumers may also purchase individual and family and Medicare-related health insurance plans directly from other sources, such as our competitors, and we would not remain the agent on the policy and receive the related commission. 
 
 Our ability to grow and retain our membership depends on various factors, including agent productivity, the ability of enrollees to change their health plan outside of the Medicare annual enrollment period, the source of referrals and their enrollment experience. In addition, extended enrollment periods could lead to increased termination rates in the future, which could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Any decrease in the amount of time we retain our members on the health insurance plans that they purchased through us could adversely impact the estimated constrained LTVs we use for purposes of recognizing revenue, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we experience higher health insurance plan termination rates than we estimated when we recognized commission revenue, we may not collect all of the related commissions receivable, which could result in a reduction in LTV and a write-off of contract assets-commissions receivable, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, if agent productivity and member retention rates decline, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 Our business is seasonal in nature, and if we are not successful in responding to changes in the seasonality of our business, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 Due to the timing of Medicare and individual and family health plan annual enrollment periods, which may be subject to change from time to time, our financial results fluctuate and are not comparable from quarter to quarter. The Medicare annual enrollment period occurs from October 15 to December 7 each year, the individual and family health insurance open enrollment period occurs from November 1 through December 15 each year for most states, and the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period, during which Medicare-eligible individuals enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan can switch to the original Medicare program or switch to a different Medicare Advantage plan, runs from January 1 through March 31 of each year. As a result, we have traditionally experienced an increase in the number of submitted Medicare-related applications and approved members during the fourth quarter and, to a lesser extent, in the first quarter, and an increase in Medicare plan related expense, including marketing and advertising expenses, during the third and fourth quarters in connection with the open enrollment 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 periods. However, because commissions from approved customers are paid to us over time, our operating cash flows could be adversely impacted by a substantial increase in marketing and advertising expense. 
 
 Changes in timing of the Medicare or individual and family health plan enrollment periods, adoption of new or special enrollment periods, changes in eligibility and subsidies applicable to the purchase of health insurance, and changes in the laws and regulations that govern the sale of health insurance may occur from time to time and we may not be able to timely adjust to changes in the seasonality of our business, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Changes in our management or key employees could affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our success is dependent upon the performance of our senior management and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining personnel on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, our business would be harmed. Our executive officers and employees can terminate their employment at any time, and the loss of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. In recent years, we have appointed several new executive officers across multiple functions, and we may have additional changes in the future. For example, in 2022, we have appointed a new chief operating officer and chief transformation officer, a new chief accounting officer, a new general counsel, a new chief marketing officer, a new chief people officer and a new chief financial officer. In 2023, we also appointed a new chief digital officer. The transition and the departure of members of our senior management could result in additional attrition in our senior management and key personnel, and any significant change in leadership over a short period of time could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We also depend on a relatively small number of licensed health insurance agents for certain key roles, and the loss of such key employees could harm our business. For example, we are required to appoint a single designated writing agent with each insurance carrier. A small number of our employees act as writing agent and each employee that acts as writing agent does so for a number of carriers. When an employee that acts as writing agent terminates their employment with us, we need to replace such writing agent with another employee who has health insurance licenses. Due to our national reach and the large number of carriers whose plans are purchased by our members, the process of changing writing agents has in the past taken and could take a significant period of time to complete. If the transition is not successful, our ability to sell health insurance plans may be interrupted, our agency relationship with particular insurance carriers may be terminated, our commission payments could be discontinued or delayed and, as a result, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 Our business success depends on our ability to timely hire, train and retain qualified licensed health insurance agents to provide superior customer service and support our strategic initiatives while also controlling our labor costs. 
 
 Our omnichannel consumer engagement platform enables customers to discover, compare and purchase a health insurance plan using our proprietary online search engine as well as receive assistance of a licensed insurance agent, by telephone, online chat or through a hybrid online assisted interaction such as co-browsing. Our customer care center operations is critical to our success and dependent on our ability to recruit, hire, train and effectively manage our licensed health insurance agents and other employees. In order to sell Medicare-related health insurance plans, our health insurance agent employees must be licensed by the states in which they are selling plans and certified and appointed with the health insurance carrier that offers the plans in each applicable state. We depend upon our employees, state departments of insurance, government exchanges and health insurance carriers for the licensing, certification and appointment of our health insurance agents. We may experience difficulties hiring a sufficient number of licensed agents and retaining existing licensed agents during the year and especially for the Medicare annual enrollment period. If we are not successful in these regards, our ability to sell Medicare-related health insurance plans will be impaired during the Medicare annual enrollment period, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Even if we are successful in hiring licensed health insurance agents, our success depends on the productivity of these health insurance agents. Failure to retain, train and ensure the productivity of our health insurance agents could result in lower than expected sold plans, conversion rates and revenue, higher costs of acquisition per member and higher plan termination rates, any of which could harm our business, operating results 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and financial condition. If our health insurance agents do not perform to the standards we expect of them or if we do not generate sufficient call volumes for our health insurance agents to remain productive, our sold plan volume, conversion and retention rates could be negatively impacted, and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. If investments we make in our call center operations do not result in the returns we expected when making those investments, we could acquire fewer members, suffer a reduction in our membership, and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 
 Our business may be harmed if we are not successful in executing on our operational and strategic plans, including our growth strategies, cost-saving and enrollment quality initiatives. 
 
 Our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our operational and strategic plans. Our success depends in large part on our ability to develop and improve products and services. We have in the past invested and may make significant investments in marketing and advertising, technology, customer care and enrollment. 
 
 Our growth strategy also involves investment in the development of new offerings and initiatives that differentiate us from our competitors, and accordingly, we may also enter into strategic partnerships aligned with our business and growth objectives. Pursuing and investing in these initiatives may increase our expenses and our organizational complexity, divert management's attention from other business concerns and also involve risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, including the initiatives not achieving our retention, cost-savings, growth or profitability targets, inadequate return of capital on our investments, legal and regulatory compliance risks, potential changes in laws and regulations and other issues that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. If we are not successful in executing on our operational and strategic plans or if we do not realize the expected benefits of our investments, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we may initiate restructuring plans to implement cost savings initiatives or programs including, among other things, reductions in workforce and other fixed and variable expenses. While such initiatives are intended to improve our operations through re-engineering, reorganizing, and better deployment of marketing expenses, we may not successfully realize the expected benefits of the actions that we have or may in the future take in connection therewith. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits of these or any other restructuring plans that we may undertake, including, among others, higher than anticipated costs in implementing such restructuring plans, management distraction from ongoing business activities, damage to our reputation and brand image, including negative publicity, workforce attrition beyond planned reductions and risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. Even if we do implement and administer these plans in the manner contemplated, our estimated cost savings resulting therefrom are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, we cannot assure you that we will realize these cost savings. 
 Our failure to effectively manage our operations and maintain our company culture as our business evolves and our work practices change could harm us. 
 
 Our future operating results will depend on our ability to manage our operations. It is also important to our success that we hire qualified personnel and properly train and manage them, all while maintaining our corporate culture and spirit of innovation. If we are not successful in these efforts, our growth and operations could be adversely affected. In the third quarter of 2022, we adopted a remote first workplace model in the United States, meaning that, except for those employees whose job responsibilities require in-office work, none of our employees are required to work at the office. While we believe allowing employees to work remotely will help us attract and retain talent, transitioning to and operating as a remote first company could negatively impact employee productivity and morale, sales and marketing efforts, customer success efforts, and revenue growth rates or other financial metrics, or create operational or other challenges, any of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results in any given period, especially if such disruption occurs during or in our preparation for the Medicare annual enrollment period or individual and family health insurance enrollment periods. An increased number of employees in a remote work environment may also exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties. Our product development 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 initiatives could also be negatively impacted by the prevalence of remote work. Technologies in our employees' homes may also be more limited or less reliable than those provided in our offices. We may also be exposed to risks associated with the various locations of our remote employees, including compliance with local laws and regulations, and if employees fail to inform us of changes in their work location, we may be exposed to additional risks without our knowledge. If our key personnel or a significant portion of our employees are unable to work effectively in a remote setting or our business operations are otherwise disrupted during the Medicare or individual and family health insurance enrollment periods, the adverse impact on our business would be particularly pronounced. It may also be difficult for us to preserve our corporate culture, and our employees may have less opportunities to collaborate in meaningful ways, which could harm our ability to retain and recruit employees, innovate and operate our business effectively. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 Our brand identity is critical to our relationships with existing members, marketing partners and health insurance carriers and to our ability to attract new members, marketing partners and health insurance carriers. The promotion of our brand in these and other ways may require us to make substantial investments and we anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, these branding initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Our brand promotion activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur and our operating results could be harmed. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow and we could lose our relationships with health insurance carriers, marketing partners and/or members, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our brand and reputation, undermine our customers confidence, affect our ability to recruit, engage, motivate and retain qualified staffs, attract regulatory scrutiny, and impact our relationships with current and potential partners. 
 
 We depend upon Internet search engines and social media platforms to attract a significant portion of the consumers who visit our website, and if we are unable to effectively advertise on search engines or social media platforms on a cost-effective basis, our business and operating results would be harmed. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our website traffic from consumers who search for health insurance through Internet search engines, such as Google and Bing, and through social media platforms, such as Facebook. A critical factor in attracting consumers to our website is whether we are prominently displayed in response to an Internet search relating to health insurance or on a social media platform. Search engines typically provide two types of search results, algorithmic listings and paid advertisements. We rely on both to attract consumers to our websites and otherwise generate demand for our services. 
 
 Algorithmic search result listings are determined and displayed in accordance with a set of formulas or algorithms developed by the particular Internet search engine. The algorithms determine the order of the listing of results in response to the consumer s Internet search. From time to time, search engines revise these algorithms. In some instances, these modifications have caused our website to be listed less prominently in algorithmic search results, which has resulted in decreased traffic to our website. We may also be listed less prominently as a result of other factors, such as new websites, changes we make to our website or technical issues with the search engine itself. For example, government health insurance exchange websites appear prominently in algorithmic search results and may reduce the prominence of our website. In addition, search engines have deemed the practices of some companies to be inconsistent with search engine guidelines and decided not to list their website in search result listings at all. If we are listed less prominently in, or removed altogether from, search result listings for any reason, the traffic to our websites would decline and we may not be able to replace this traffic, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we decide to attempt to replace this traffic, we may be required to increase our marketing expenditures, which would also increase our cost of member acquisition and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We purchase paid advertisements on search engines and social media platforms in order to attract consumers to our platforms. We typically pay a search engine for prominent placement of our website when particular health insurance-related terms are searched for on the search engine, regardless of the algorithmic search result listings. The prominence of the placement of our advertisement is determined by a combination of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 factors, including the amount we are willing to pay and algorithms designed to determine the relevance of our paid advertisement to a particular search term. As with algorithmic search result listings, search engines may revise the algorithms relevant to paid advertisements, and websites other than our ecommerce platform may become more optimized for the algorithms. These changes may result in our having to pay increased amounts to maintain our paid advertisement placement in response to a particular search term. We could also have to pay increased amounts should the market share of major search engines continue to become more concentrated with a single search engine. Additionally, we bid against our competitors, insurance carriers, government health insurance exchanges and others for the display of these paid search engine or social media platform advertisements. We have experienced increased competition for both algorithmic search result listings and for paid advertisements, and that competition increases substantially during the enrollment periods for Medicare-related health insurance and for individual and family health insurance. The competition has increased the cost of paid Internet search advertising and has increased our marketing and advertising expenses. If paid search advertising costs increase or become cost prohibitive, whether as a result of competition, algorithm changes or otherwise, our advertising expenses could rise significantly or we could reduce or discontinue our paid search advertisements, either of which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We rely significantly on marketing partners, and our business and operating results would be harmed if we are unable to maintain effective relationships with our existing marketing partners or if we do not establish successful relationships with new marketing partners. 
 
 We frequently enter into contractual marketing relationships with partners that drive consumers to our ecommerce platform and call centers. These marketing partners include financial and online services companies, affiliate organizations, online advertisers and content providers, and other marketing vendors. We also have relationships with strategic marketing partners, including hospitals and pharmacy chains that promote our Medicare platforms to their customers as well as other provider groups, wellness, and other digital and affinity groups. We compensate many of our marketing partners for their referrals on either a submitted health insurance application basis or a per-referral basis or, if they are licensed to sell health insurance, we may share a percentage of the commission we earn from the health insurance carrier for each member referred by the marketing partner. The success of our relationship is dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to the continued positive market presence, reputation and growth of the marketing partner, the effectiveness of the marketing partner in marketing our website and services, the compliance of each marketing partner with applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, the contractual terms we negotiate with our marketing partners, including the marketing fees we agree to pay and our ability to accurately and timely track, pay and manage marketing partners. We depend on our marketing partners for a large number of quality referrals to keep our health insurance agents productive. If our marketing partners fail to deliver effective and/or timely marketing campaigns, especially during the Medicare annual enrollment period, our business and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 While we have relationships with a large number of marketing partners, we depend upon referrals from a limited number of marketing partners for a significant portion of the submitted applications we receive from our marketing partner customer acquisition channel. Given our reliance on our marketing partners, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed if we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these companies, if we fail to establish successful relationships with new marketing partners, if we experience competition in our receipt of referrals from high volume marketing partners, or if we are required to pay increased amounts to our marketing partners. 
 
 Competition for referrals from our marketing partners has increased particularly during the enrollment periods for Medicare-related health insurance and individual and family health insurance. We may lose marketing partner referrals if our competitors pay marketing partners more than we do or be forced to pay increased fees to our marketing partners, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we lose marketing partner referrals during the Medicare or individual and family health insurance enrollment periods, the adverse impact on our business would be particularly pronounced. In addition, the promulgation of laws, regulations or guidelines, or the interpretation of existing laws, regulations and guidelines, by state departments of insurance or by CMS, could cause our relationships with our marketing partners to change or be in non-compliance with those laws, regulations and guidelines. As discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous laws, regulations and guidelines at the federal and state level, and recent changes to the CMS marketing guidelines have resulted in a more complicated and time-consuming process for marketing material filing and the need to file a significantly greater number of our and our marketing partners' 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 marketing materials with CMS. If our marketing partners' marketing materials do not comply with the CMS marketing guidelines or other Medicare program related laws, rules and regulations, such non-compliance could result in our losing the ability to receive referrals of individuals interested in purchasing Medicare-related plans from that marketing material or being delayed in doing so. In the event that CMS or a health insurance carrier requires changes to, disapproves or delays approval of these materials, we could lose a significant source of Medicare plan demand and the operations of our Medicare business could be adversely affected. We also have relationships with marketing partners that utilize aspects of our platform and tools. Our relationships with these marketing partners result in the referral of a significant number of individuals to us who are interested in purchasing Medicare-related health insurance plans. If federal or state authorities were to change existing laws, regulations or guidelines, or interpret existing laws, regulations or guidelines, to prohibit these arrangements, or if marketing partners otherwise decided to no longer utilize aspects of our platform and tools, we could experience a significant decline in the number of Medicare-eligible individuals who are referred to our platforms and customer care centers, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If our carrier advertising and sponsorship program is not successful, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 We develop, host and maintain carrier dedicated Medicare plan websites and may undertake other marketing and advertising initiatives or perform other services through our Medicare plan advertising program. We also allow health insurance carriers to purchase advertising space for non-Medicare products on our website through our sponsorship program. To the extent that economic conditions, health care reform or other factors impact the amount health insurance carriers are willing to pay for advertising, our advertising and sponsorship program will be adversely impacted. In addition, since we maintain relationships with a limited number of health insurance carriers to sell their Medicare plans, our Medicare plan-related advertising revenue is concentrated in a small number of health insurance carriers, and our ability to generate Medicare plan-related advertising revenue would be harmed by the termination or non-renewal of any of these relationships as well as by a reduction in the amount a health insurance carrier is willing to pay for these services. Moreover, in light of the regulations applicable to the marketing and sale of Medicare plans, and given that these regulations are often complex, change frequently and are subject to changing interpretations or enforcement actions, we may in the future not be permitted to sell Medicare plan-related advertising services. If we are not successful in these areas or these factors are unfavorable to us, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 The success of our sponsorship and advertising program depends on a number of factors, including the amount health insurance carriers are willing to pay for advertising services, the effectiveness of the sponsorship and advertising program as a cost-effective method for carriers to obtain additional members, consumer demand for the health insurance carrier s product, our ability to attract consumers to our ecommerce platform, our call centers or the dedicated Medicare plan websites and convert those consumers into members, and the cost, benefit and brand recognition of the health insurance plan that is the subject of the advertising, among others. In addition, increased carrier focus on the quality of enrollments and reduction in member complaints could adversely impact our ability to successfully negotiate and operate our sponsorship and advertising programs. If we are not successful in these areas or these factors are unfavorable to us, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Our business may be harmed if we do not enroll subsidy-eligible individuals through government-run health insurance exchanges efficiently. 
 
 In order to offer the qualified health plans that individuals and families must purchase to receive Affordable Care Act subsidies, agents and brokers must meet certain conditions, such as receiving permission to do so from the applicable government health insurance exchange, entering into or maintaining an agreement with the health insurance exchange or a partner of the exchange, ensuring that the enrollment and subsidy application is completed through the health insurance exchange and complying with privacy, security and other standards. In the event Internet-based agents and brokers such as us use the Internet for completion of qualified health plan selection purposes, their websites may be required to meet certain additional requirements. To the extent we enroll individuals and families into qualified health plans, we do so predominantly through the FFM, which runs all or part of the health insurance exchange in 33 states, using a third-party partnership. The number of states using the FFM may decrease in the future, reducing our ability to enroll members through the FFM. We may experience difficulty in satisfying the conditions and requirements to offer qualified health plans to our existing members and new potential 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 members and in getting them enrolled through the FFM or any similar state-based exchange. If we are not able to satisfy these conditions and requirements, or if we are not able to successfully adopt and maintain solutions that allow us to enroll large numbers of individuals and families in qualified plans over the Internet both during and outside of open enrollment periods, we will lose existing members and new members and may incur additional expense, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We have entered into an agreement to outsource certain aspects of the enrollment process for qualified health plans to a third-party vendor in light of the expense and burden associated with the additional requirements. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining a relationship with our third-party vendor who is approved to use the process, we may not be able to enroll individuals into qualified health plans through the FFM or could be required to use an inferior process to do so, which could cause a reduction in our individual and family health insurance plan membership and commission revenue. In addition, if we are not able to maintain solutions to integrate with government-run health insurance exchanges or if the health insurance exchange websites and other processes are unstable or not consumer friendly, efficient and compatible with the process we have adopted for enrolling individuals and families into qualified health plans through the exchanges, we would not be successful in retaining and acquiring members, and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. The FFM may at any time cease allowing us or our third-party vendor to enroll individuals in qualified health plans or change the requirements for doing so, or relevant government regulations or agencies may prevent us from efficiently working with our third-party vendor, including timely receiving and using data from our third-party vendor. If the FFM ceases allowing us or our third-party vendor to enroll individuals, if the FFM platform does not function properly or if we are prevented from efficiently working with our third-party vendor, our ability to retain existing members and add new members could be negatively impacted, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Similarly for states that use state-based exchanges instead of the FFM, we may not be able to establish or maintain stable, consumer friendly, efficient or compatible legal arrangements or technical processes to enroll members in qualified health plans through such state-based exchanges, either directly with the governmental entities running such state-based exchanges or through appropriate third parties that allow us to access such state-based exchanges. If we are unable to adapt our operations in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner to respond to changing circumstances to allow us to continue to effectively enroll members through the FFM and state-based exchanges, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our commission revenue could be negatively impacted by changes in our estimated conversion rate of an approved member to a paying member, our forecast of average plan duration or our forecast of likely commission amounts. 
 
 Our commission revenue, which is primarily comprised of commissions from health insurance carriers, is computed using the estimated LTVs of commission payments that we expect to receive, and we re-compute LTVs for all outstanding cohorts on a quarterly basis. As a result, the rate at which consumers visiting our ecommerce platforms and customer care centers seeking to purchase health insurance are converted into approved members directly impacts our revenue. In addition, the rate at which consumers who are approved become paying members impacts the constrained LTV of our approved members, which impacts the revenue that we are able to recognize. 
 
 A number of factors have influenced, and could in the future influence, these conversion rates for any given period, some of which are outside of our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 changes in consumer shopping behavior due to circumstances outside of our control, such as economic conditions, inflation, public health crises or illnesses, consumers ability or willingness to pay for health insurance, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, unemployment rates, availability of unemployment benefits or proposed or enacted legislative or regulatory changes impacting our business, including health care reform; 
 the quality of and changes to the consumer experience on our ecommerce platforms and/or with our customer care centers; 
 regulatory requirements, including those that make the experience on our ecommerce platforms cumbersome or difficult to navigate or reduce the ability of consumers to purchase plans outside of enrollment periods; 
 the variety, competitiveness, quality and affordability of the health insurance plans that we offer; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 system failures or interruptions in the operation of our ecommerce platform or call center operations; 
 changes in the mix of consumers who are referred to us through our direct, marketing partner and online advertising member acquisition channels, including the quality of sales leads; 
 health insurance carrier guidelines applicable to applications submitted by consumers, the degree to which our technology is integrated with health insurance carriers, the amount of time a carrier takes to make a decision on that application and the percentage of submitted applications approved by health insurance carriers; 
 the effectiveness of health insurance agents in assisting consumers, including the tenure of the health insurance agent; and 
 our ability to enroll subsidy-eligible individuals in qualified health plans through government-run health insurance exchanges and the efficacy of the process we are required to use to do so. 
 
 Our conversion rates can be impacted by changes in the mix of consumers referred to us through our member acquisition channels and whether they interact with a more seasoned health insurance agent. We have made and may in the future, make changes to our ecommerce platforms, telephonic operations, marketing material or enrollment process in response to regulatory or health insurance carrier requirements or undertake other initiatives in an attempt to improve consumer experience, increase retention, or for other reasons. These changes have in the past, and may have in the future, the unintended consequence of adversely impacting our conversion rates. For example, in response to the increased plan termination rate in our Medicare membership in 2020 and 2021, which negatively impacted the LTVs of our Medicare plan-related products, we introduced mandatory additional training for our agents and added a new customer care role to verify certain Medicare enrollments prior to submission in the third quarter of 2021. While our focus on enrollment quality improved retention rates and increased LTVs of our Medicare products in the second half of 2022, it temporarily led to lower call conversion rates and longer average talk times for telephonic enrollments, resulting in a reduction in enrollments and increased cost of acquisition that has negatively impacted our business, operating results and financial condition. A decline in the percentage of consumers who submit health insurance applications on our ecommerce platforms or telephonically via our customer care centers and are converted into approved and paying members could cause an increase in our cost of acquiring members on a per member basis and impact our revenue in any given period. To the extent the rate at which we convert consumers visiting our ecommerce platforms or telephonically via our customer care centers into members suffers, our membership may decline, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 If commission reports we receive from carriers are inaccurate or not sent to us in a timely manner, our business and operating results could be harmed and we may not recognize trends in our membership. 
 
 We rely on health insurance carriers to timely and accurately report the amount of commissions earned by us, and we calculate our commission revenue, prepare our financial reports, projections and budgets and direct our marketing and other operating efforts based on the reports we receive from health insurance carriers. There have been instances where we have determined that plan cancellation data reported to us by a health insurance carrier has not been accurate. The extent to which health insurance carriers are inaccurate in their reporting of plan cancellations could cause us to change our cancellation estimates, which could adversely impact our revenue. We have designed controls to assess the completeness and accuracy of the data received, whereby we apply judgment and make estimates based on historical data and current trends to independently determine whether or not carriers are accurately reporting commissions due to us. We also operate procedures with carriers on an ongoing basis whereby potential under or over reporting is reconciled and discrepancies are resolved. For instance, we reconcile information health insurance carriers provide to us and may determine that we were not historically paid commissions owed to us, which would cause us to have underestimated our membership. Conversely, health insurance carriers may require us to return commission payments paid in a prior period due to plan cancellations for members we previously estimated as being active. To the extent that health insurance carriers understate or fail to accurately report the amount of commissions due to us in a timely manner or at all, our estimates of constrained LTV may be adversely impacted, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, any inaccuracies in the reporting from and reconciliations with insurance carriers may also impact our estimates of constrained LTV or our estimates of commission revenue for future periods which is based on historical trends, including trends relating to contracted commission rates and expected health insurance plan cancellation. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 We do not receive information about membership cancellations from our health insurance carriers directly, which makes it difficult for us to determine the impact of current conditions on our membership retention and to accurately estimate membership as of a specific date. 
 
 We depend on health insurance carriers and others for data related to our membership. For instance, with respect to health insurance plans other than small business health insurance, health insurance carriers do not directly report member cancellations to us, resulting in the need for us to determine cancellations using payment data that carriers provide. We infer cancellations from this payment data by analyzing whether payments from members have ceased for a period of time, and we may not learn of a cancellation for several months. The majority of our members who terminate their plans do so by discontinuing their insurance premium payments to the health insurance carrier and do not inform us of the cancellation. With respect to our small business membership, many groups notify the carrier directly with respect to increases or decreases in group size and policy cancellations. Our insurance carrier partners often do not communicate this information to us, and it often takes a significant amount of time for us to learn about small business group cancellations and changes in our membership within the group itself. We often are not made aware of policy cancellations until the time of the group s annual renewal. 
 
 Given the number of months required to observe non-payment of commissions in order to confirm cancellations, we estimate the number of members who are active on health insurance plans as of a specified date. After we have estimated membership for a period, we may receive information from health insurance carriers that would have impacted the estimate if we had received the information prior to the date of estimation. We may receive commission payments or other information that indicates that a member who was not included in our estimates for a prior period was in fact an active member at that time, or that a member who was included in our estimates was in fact not an active member of ours. As a result of the Medicare annual enrollment and other open enrollment periods, we may not receive information from our carriers on as timely a basis due to the significant increase in health insurance transaction volume and for other reasons, which could impair the accuracy of our membership estimates. For these and other reasons, including if current trends in membership cancellation are inconsistent with past cancellation trends that we use to estimate our membership or if carriers subsequently report changes to the commission payments that they previously reported to us, our actual membership could be different from our estimates, perhaps materially. If our actual membership is different from our estimates, the constrained LTV component of our revenue recognition could also be inaccurate, including as a result of an inaccurate estimate of the average amount of time our members maintain their health insurance plans. As a result of the delay we experience in receiving information about our membership, it is difficult for us to determine with any certainty the impact of current conditions on our membership retention. Various circumstances, including market-related factors such as changes in timing of enrollment periods, the ability of enrollees to change their health plan outside of the Medicare annual enrollment period, the source of referrals, their enrollment experience and other factors specific to our business, could cause the assumptions and estimates that we make in connection with estimating our membership and constrained LTV to be inaccurate, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations in China involve many risks that could increase expenses, expose us to increased liability and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 A portion of our operations is conducted by our subsidiary in China. Among other things, we use employees in China to maintain and update our ecommerce platform and perform certain tasks within our finance and customer care and enrollment functions. We rely on third-party vendors to communicate with our subsidiary in China. Our business would be harmed if our ability to communicate via these vendors with these employees failed, and we were prevented from promptly updating our software or implementing other changes to our database and systems, among other things. From time to time we receive inquiries from health insurance carriers relating to our operations in China and the security measures we have implemented to protect data that our employees in China may be able to access. As a part of these inquiries, we have implemented additional security measures relating to our operations in China, but may be required to implement further security measures to continue aspects of our operations in China. We may also be required to bring aspects of our operations in China back to the United States, which could be time-consuming and expensive and harm our operating results and financial condition. Health insurance carriers may also terminate our relationship due to concerns surrounding protection of data that our employees in China are able to access, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations in China also expose us to different and unfamiliar laws, rules and regulations, including different intellectual property laws, which are not as protective of our intellectual property as the laws in the United States. United States and Chinese trade laws may also impose restrictions on the importation of programming or technology to or from the United States. We are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, privacy and data security laws, labor laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions in China. In recent years, China has adopted laws regulating cybersecurity and data protection. For example, a data security law in China that became effective on September 1, 2021 applies to the usage, collection and protection of data within China and imposes data security obligations and restrictions on transfers of certain data outside of China, including prohibition on providing any data stored in China to law enforcement authorities or judicial bodies outside of China without prior Chinese government approval. There remains considerable uncertainty as to how the data security law is applied, and the regulatory environment continues to evolve. Such laws, regulations and standards are complex, ambiguous and subject to change or interpretation, which create uncertainty regarding compliance. Compliance with these laws and regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business operations in China. Violation of applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, affect our relationship with our health insurance carriers, and could result in regulatory enforcement actions and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and fines, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by changes in China s economic or political condition, the relationship between China and the United States or other countries, and our ability to continue to conduct our current operations in China. Any such changes may be caused by geopolitical issues, natural disasters, war or other events or circumstances. We have experienced greater competition for qualified personnel in China, which has raised market salaries and increased our compensation costs related to employees in China. If competition for personnel increases further, our compensation expenses could rise considerably or, if we determine to not increase compensation levels, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in China may be impaired, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. These risks could cause us to incur increased expenses and could harm our ability to effectively and successfully manage our operations in China. Moreover, any significant or prolonged deterioration in the relationship between the United States and China could adversely affect our operations in China. Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our foreign investments and business conducted within China. The escalation of international tensions has increased the risk associated with our operations in China. Either the United States or the Chinese government may limit or sever our ability to communicate with our China operations or may take actions that force us to close our operations in China. We employ a large number of our technology and content employees in China, and we have other employees in China that support our business. Any disruption of our operations in China, including any disruption as a result of the Chinese government's COVID-19 related policies, would adversely impact our business. If we are required to move aspects of our operations out of China as a result of political or geopolitical issues, changes in laws, inquiries from health insurance carriers or for other reasons, we could incur increased expenses, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 
 The marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous, complex and frequently changing laws, regulations and guidelines, and non-compliance with or changes in laws, regulations and guidelines could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The marketing and sale of Medicare plans are subject to numerous laws, regulations and guidelines at the federal and state level. The marketing and sale of Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans are principally regulated by CMS but are also subject to state laws. The marketing and sale of Medicare Supplement plans are principally regulated on a state-by-state basis by state departments of insurance. The laws and regulations applicable to the marketing and sale of Medicare plans are numerous, ambiguous and complex, and, particularly with respect to regulations and guidance issued by CMS for Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, change frequently. We have altered, and likely will have to continue to alter, our marketing and sales process to comply with these laws, regulations and guidelines. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Health insurance carriers whose Medicare plans we sell approve our websites, our call center scripts and a large portion of our marketing material. We must receive these approvals in order for us to market and sell Medicare plans to Medicare-eligible individuals as a health insurance agent. We are also required to file many of these materials on a regular basis with CMS. In addition, certain aspects of our Medicare plan marketing partner relationships have been in the past, and will be in the future, subjected to CMS and health insurance carrier review. CMS, state departments of insurance or health insurance carriers may decide to object to or not to approve aspects of our online platforms, sales function or marketing material and processes and may determine that certain existing aspects of our Medicare-related business are not in compliance with legal requirements. CMS scrutinizes health insurance carriers whose Medicare plans we sell and those health insurance carriers may be held responsible for actions that we, our agents and our partners take, including our marketing materials and actions that lead to complaints or disenrollment. We expect that health insurance carriers will be increasingly evaluating broker performance based on quality of their enrollments, including complaints, retention rates, customer satisfaction and volumes. As a result, health insurance carriers may terminate their relationship with us or require us to take other corrective action if our Medicare product sales, marketing and operations are not in compliance or give rise to too many complaints. The termination of or change in our relationship with health insurance carriers for this reason could reduce the products we are able to offer, could result in the loss of commissions for past and future sales and could otherwise harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Changes to the laws, regulations and guidelines relating to the sale of Medicare plans, their interpretation or the manner in which they are enforced could impact the manner in which we conduct our Medicare business, our ecommerce platforms or our sale of Medicare plans, or we could be prevented from operating aspects of our Medicare revenue-generating activities altogether, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We have received, and may in the future receive, inquiries from CMS or state departments of insurance regarding our marketing and business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. Inquiries and proceedings initiated by the government could adversely impact our health insurance licenses, require us to pay fines, require us to modify marketing and business practices, result in litigation and otherwise harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 In May 2021, CMS changed its process for the submission and approval of marketing materials related to Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. The practical application of the previous process allowed for a lead carrier to handle most of the review and filing of Medicare plan marketing materials with CMS. The new process requires each carrier to approve of each filed marketing material and has resulted in a more complicated and time-consuming process to get our marketing material filed with CMS and through the process with carriers. In October 2021, CMS issued new guidance that significantly broadens the types of marketing materials that we are required to file with CMS, including the requirement to file certain generic marketing materials that refer to the benefits or costs of Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D prescription drug plans but that do not specifically mention a health insurance carrier's name or a specific plan. As a result, we now submit to each Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plan carrier with which we have a relationship a significantly larger number of marketing materials than we have in the past. We may not be able to use certain marketing materials and implement our marketing programs effectively if CMS or a health insurance carrier has comments or disapproves of our marketing materials. If we do not timely file the additional marketing materials with CMS or if health insurance carriers do not adapt to the new CMS requirements or increase the efficiency with which they review our marketing material, it could harm our sales and also harm our ability to efficiently change and implement new or existing marketing material, including call center scripts and our websites, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we or our marketing partners are not successful in timely receiving health insurance carrier or CMS approval of our marketing materials, or if a health insurance carrier refuses to accept enrollments relating to specific materials or marketing endeavors, we could be prevented from implementing our Medicare marketing and sales initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition, particularly if such delay or non-compliance occurs during the Medicare annual enrollment period or the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period. 
 
 In June 2022, CMS released final versions of the rules initially proposed in January 2022, which included several new provisions aimed at Third Party Marketing Organizations. The final rules require us and our marketing partners to implement additional verbal and written disclaimers and require us to implement further oversight measures over our marketing partners, beginning with the Medicare annual enrollment period in 2022. Given the adoption of these rules, we may incur additional costs to generate and convert leads from our marketing partners, as well as additional administrative costs, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we are required to file marketing partner marketing materials relating to Medicare Advantage 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans with CMS, and health insurance carriers must review and approve the marketing materials. 
 
 In October 2022, CMS announced that in response to concerns about certain marketing practices in the Medicare marketplace, it would, among other things, be increasing review of certain marketing materials and practices and, beginning January 1, 2023, television advertisements will no longer be eligible for the CMS file and use process and instead will be subject to a more time-consuming review process. Compliance with these evolving laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that could have adverse impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects . Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. 
 
 In December 2022, CMS announced proposed rules which are expected to come into effect in 2023 that may impose an additional burden on our business and otherwise harm our business results. For example, such proposed rules, among other things, require us and our partners to provide to consumers additional disclaimers that may direct them away from our enrollment platform and towards government owned or operated enrollment channels or other platforms, add complications to the Medicare marketing material filing and review process, prohibit marketing organizations including our referral partners from sharing personal data commonly shared for referrals, increase CMS and insurance carrier monitoring of agents and brokers such as us, add requirements on agents enrolling beneficiaries in Medicare plans, limit marketing of plan benefits and cost savings, require lengthy new disclosures that make certain forms of marketing infeasible, require a 48-hour waiting period between initial contact with a beneficiary and enrolling that beneficiary, and limit the time we may contact beneficiaries about Medicare plan options to six months after the beneficiary gives us permission for such contact. 
 
 Changes and developments in the health insurance industry or system, including changes in laws and regulations, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The U.S. health insurance system, including the Medicare program, is subject to a changing regulatory environment at both the federal and state level. The future financial performance of our business will depend in part on our ability to adapt to regulatory developments. For example, the Affordable Care Act and related regulatory reforms have and will continue to change the industry in which we operate in substantial ways, including by increasing competition and limiting the ways in which we can operate. Legislative or regulatory changes to the Medicare program have and may continue to have similar impacts on our Medicare business. In addition, each state regulates its insurance market, including by regulating the ability of insurance companies to set premiums and prohibiting brokers and agents such as eHealth from competing in certain ways such as offering price reductions and rebates or marketing in certain ways. All these state regulations are also subject to periodic change. Such regulatory changes at either the federal or state level may negatively impact our business. Our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to adapt to regulatory changes. 
 
 Our business depends upon the private sector of the U.S. health insurance system, which is subject to a changing environment. Changes and developments in the health insurance system and Medicare program in the United States could reduce demand for our services and harm our business. Ongoing health care reform efforts and measures may expand the role of government-sponsored coverage, including proposals for single payer or so called Medicare-for-All or other proposals that may have the effect of reducing or eliminating the market for our current range of health insurance products, which could have far-reaching implications for the health insurance industry if enacted. Some proposals would seek to eliminate the private marketplace while others would expand a government-sponsored option to a larger population or otherwise increase government oversight or competition in the sector. We are unable to predict the full impact of health care reform initiatives or other regulatory changes on our operations in light of the uncertainty of whether initiatives will be successful and the uncertainty regarding the terms and timing of any provisions enacted and the impact of any of those provisions on various healthcare and insurance industry participants. Changes to the Medicare program or the broader health insurance system as a result of elections or political developments could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In the event that laws, regulations or rules that eliminate or reduce private sources of health insurance or Medicare are adopted, the demand for our products could be adversely impacted, and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The laws and regulations governing the offer, sale and purchase of health insurance are complex and subject to change, and future changes may be adverse to our business. For example, a long-standing provision in most applicable state laws that we believe is advantageous to our business is that once health insurance premiums are set by the carrier and approved by state regulators, they are fixed and not generally subject to negotiation or discounting by insurance companies or agents. Additionally, state regulations generally prohibit carriers, agents and brokers from providing financial incentives, such as rebates, to their members in connection with the sale of health insurance. As a result, we do not currently compete with carriers or other agents and brokers on the price of the health insurance plans offered on our website. Changes in, or enforcement of, or compliance with, such regulations could impact consumers' demand for our services or cause health insurance carriers to lower our commission rates, which could reduce our revenue. 
 
 From time to time we are subject to various legal proceedings which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are, and may in the future become, involved in various legal proceedings and governmental inquiries, including labor and employment-related claims, claims relating to our marketing or sale of health insurance, intellectual property claims and claims relating to our compliance with securities laws. For example, in January 2022, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, seeking, among other things, information regarding our arrangements with insurance carriers, and we may receive similar inquiries in the future. Such inquiries and any other claims asserted against us, with or without merit, may be time-consuming, may be expensive to address and may divert management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant liability for damages, jeopardize our licenses to operate and harm our reputation. Our insurance and indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us. If we are unsuccessful in our defense in these legal proceedings, we may be forced to pay damages or fines, enter into consent decrees, stop offering our services or change our business practices, any of which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 We may be unable to operate our business if we fail to maintain our health insurance licenses and otherwise comply with the numerous laws and regulations applicable to the sale of health insurance. 
 
 We are required to maintain a valid license in each state in which we transact health insurance business and to adhere to sales, documentation and administration practices specific to that state. We must maintain our health insurance licenses to continue selling plans and to continue to receive commissions from health insurance carriers. In addition, each employee who transacts health insurance business on our behalf must maintain a valid license in one or more states. Because we do business in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, compliance with health insurance-related laws, rules and regulations is difficult and imposes significant costs on our business. Each jurisdiction s insurance department typically has the power, among other things, to: 
 
 grant, limit, suspend and revoke licenses to transact insurance business; 
 conduct inquiries into the insurance-related activities and conduct of agents and agencies; 
 require and regulate disclosure in connection with the sale and solicitation of health insurance; 
 authorize how, by which personnel and under what circumstances insurance premiums can be quoted and published and an insurance policy sold; 
 approve which entities can be paid commissions from carriers and the circumstances under which they may be paid; 
 regulate the content of insurance-related advertisements, including web pages, and other marketing practices; 
 approve policy forms, require specific benefits and benefit levels and regulate premium rates; 
 impose fines and other penalties; and 
 impose continuing education requirements. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the complexity, periodic modification and differing interpretations of insurance laws and regulations, we may not have always been, and we may not always be, in compliance with them. New laws, regulations and guidelines also may not be compatible with the sale of health insurance over the Internet or with various aspects of our platform or manner of marketing or selling health insurance plans. Failure to comply with insurance laws, regulations and guidelines or other laws and regulations applicable to our business could result in significant liability, additional department of insurance licensing requirements, required modification of our advertising and business practices, changes to our existing technology or platforms, the limitation, suspension and/or revocation of our licenses to sell health insurance, termination of our relationship with health insurance carriers and loss of commissions and/or our inability to sell health insurance plans, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, an adverse regulatory action in one jurisdiction could result in penalties and adversely affect our license status, business or reputation in other jurisdictions due to the requirement that adverse regulatory actions in one jurisdiction be reported to other jurisdictions. Even if the allegations in any regulatory or other action against us are proven false, any surrounding negative publicity could harm consumer, marketing partner or health insurance carrier confidence in us, which could significantly damage our brand. In addition, as we expand our product base, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations. 
 
 Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and security issues and expanding laws could impact our business and expose us to increased liability. 
 
 Our business is subject to emerging privacy laws being passed at the state level that create unique compliance challenges. Our services involve the collection and storage of confidential and personally identifiable information of consumers and the transmission of certain personal information to their chosen health insurance carriers and to the government. For example, we collect names, addresses, credit card and social security numbers and health information such as information regarding consumers' prescription drugs and providers. We also hold a significant amount of personal information relating to our current and former employees. As a result, we are subject to various state and federal laws and contractual requirements regarding the access, use and disclosure of personal information. Compliance with state and federal privacy-related laws, particularly new state legislation such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, and increasingly robust industry standard security frameworks will result in cost increases due to an increased need for privacy compliance, oversight and monitoring, and the development of new processes to effectuate and demonstrate compliance. The effects of potential non-compliance by us or third-party service providers, and enforcement actions, may result in increased costs to our business and reputational harm. The privacy legislation landscape is rapidly evolving on a state-by-state basis that creates challenges for businesses to comply with the new legal obligations in a systematic fashion. For example, Virginia, Colorado and California have new privacy legislation that came or will come into effect in 2023; however, these laws have differing consumer rights and business obligations, differing obligations on data controllers and differing enforcement mechanisms. These new legal operations may change the way we conduct our business and may harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Any perception that our practices, products or services violate individual privacy or data protection rights may subject us to public criticism, class action lawsuits, reputational harm, or investigations or claims by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt or adversely impact our business and expose us to increased liability. In the event that additional data privacy or data security laws are implemented, or our health insurance carrier or other partners determine to impose requirements on us relating to data privacy security, we may not be able to timely comply with such requirements or such requirements may not be compatible with our current processes. Changing our processes could be time-consuming and expensive, and failure to timely implement required changes could result in our inability to sell health insurance plans in a particular jurisdiction or for a particular health insurance carrier or subject us to liability for non-compliance, any of which would damage our business, operating results and financial condition. Health insurance carriers that we work with may also require us to comply with additional privacy and data security standards to do business with us at all. Compliance with privacy and data security standards is regularly assessed, and we may not always be compliant with the standards. If we are not in compliance, we may not be able to accept information from consumers, and our relationship with health insurance carriers could be adversely impacted or terminated, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Any legal liability, regulatory penalties, complaints or negative publicity related to the information on our website or that we otherwise provide could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We provide information on our website, through our customer care centers, in our marketing materials and in other ways regarding health insurance in general and the health insurance plans we market and sell, including information relating to insurance premiums, coverage, benefits, provider networks, exclusions, limitations, availability, plan comparisons and insurance company ratings. A significant amount of both automated and manual effort is required to maintain the considerable amount of insurance plan information on our website. We also use the information provided on our website and otherwise collected by us to publish reports designed to educate consumers, facilitate public debate, and facilitate reform at the state and federal level. If the information we provide on our website, through our customer care centers, in our marketing materials or otherwise is not accurate or is construed as misleading, or if we do not properly assist individuals and businesses in purchasing health insurance, members, health insurance carriers and others could attempt to hold us liable for damages or require us to take corrective actions, our relationships with health insurance carriers could be terminated or impaired and regulators could attempt to subject us to penalties, force us to stop using our websites, marketing material or certain aspects of them, revoke our licenses to transact health insurance business in a particular jurisdiction, and/or compromise the status of our licenses to transact health insurance business in other jurisdictions, which could result in our loss of our commission revenue and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 In the ordinary course of operating our business, we and our health insurance carrier partners have received complaints that the information we provided was not accurate or was misleading. We have received, and may in the future receive, inquiries from health insurance carriers, CMS or state departments of insurance regarding our marketing and business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. For example, some inquiries have focused on whether we provide sufficient disclosure for certain product types, such as short-term health insurance. These types of inquiries and associated claims could be time-consuming and expensive to defend, could divert our management s attention and other resources, could impact our relationships with health insurance carriers and could cause a loss of confidence in our services. As a result, whether or not we are able to successfully resolve these claims, they could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be harmed if we are unable to contact our consumers or market the availability of our products through specific channels. 
 
 We use email and telephone, among other channels, to market our services to potential members and as the primary means of communicating with our existing members. The laws and regulations governing the use of email and telephone calls for marketing purposes continue to evolve, and changes in technology, the marketplace or consumer preferences may lead to the adoption of additional laws or regulations or changes in interpretation of existing laws or regulations. If new laws or regulations are adopted, or existing laws and regulations are interpreted or enforced, to impose additional restrictions on our ability to send email or telephone messages to our members or potential members, we may not be able to communicate with them in a cost-effective manner. In addition to legal restrictions on the use of email, Internet service providers, email service providers and others attempt to block the transmission of unsolicited email, commonly known as spam. Many Internet and email service providers have relationships with organizations whose purpose it is to detect and notify the Internet and email service providers of entities that the organization believes is sending unsolicited email. If an Internet or email service provider identifies email from us as spam as a result of reports from these organizations or otherwise, we can be placed on a restricted list that will block our email to members or potential members. 
 
 We use telephones to communicate with customers and prospective customers, and some of these communications may be subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA") and other telemarketing laws. The TCPA and other laws, including state laws, relating to telemarketing restrict our ability to market using the telephone in certain respects. For instance, the TCPA prohibits us from using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded or artificial voices to make certain telephone calls to consumers without prior express written consent. We have policies in place to comply with the TCPA and other telemarketing laws. However, we have been in the past, and may in the future become, subject to claims that we have violated the TCPA. The TCPA provides for statutory damages of 500 for each violation and 1,500 for each willful violation. In the event that we were found to have violated the TCPA, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. In addition, telephone carriers may block or put consumer warnings on calls originating from call centers. Consumers increasingly screen their incoming emails and telephone calls, including by using screening tools and warnings, and 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 therefore our members or potential members may not reliably receive our emails or telephone messages, whether or not such messages constitute marketing. If we are unable to communicate effectively by email or telephone with our members and potential members as a result of legislation, legal or regulatory actions, blockage, screening technologies or otherwise, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 

Risks Related to Finance, Accounting and Tax Matters 
 
 Our operating results will be impacted by factors that impact our estimate of the constrained LTV of commissions per approved member. 
 
 We recognize revenue for plans approved during the period by applying the latest estimated constrained LTVs for that product. Constrained LTVs are estimates and are based on a number of assumptions, which include, but are not limited to, estimates of the conversion rates of approved members into paying members, forecasted average plan duration and forecasted commissions we expect to receive per approved member's plan. These assumptions are based on historical trends and require significant judgment by our management in interpreting those trends and in applying the constraints. Changes in our historical trends will result in changes to our constrained LTV estimates in future periods and therefore could adversely affect our revenue and financial results in those future periods. As a result, negative changes in the factors upon which we estimate constrained LTVs, such as reduced conversion of approved members to paying members, increased health insurance plan terminations or a reduction in the lifetime commission amounts we expect to receive for selling the plan to a member or other changes could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Changes in LTV may result in an increase or a decrease to revenue and a corresponding increase or decrease to commission receivables. In addition, if we ultimately receive commission payments that are less than the amount we estimated when we recognized commission revenue, we would need to write off the remaining commission receivable balance, which would adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The rate at which approved members become paying members is a significant factor in our estimation of constrained LTVs. To the extent we experience a decline in the rate at which approved members turn into our paying members, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. 
 
 The forecasted average plan duration is another important factor in our estimation of constrained LTV. When a plan is canceled, or if we otherwise do not remain the agent on the policy, we no longer receive the related commission payment. Our forecasted average plan duration and health insurance plan termination rate are calculated based on our historical data by plan type. As a result, a reduction in our forecasted average plan duration or an inability to produce accurate forecasted average plan duration may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Commission rates are also a significant factor in our estimation of constrained LTVs. The commission rates we receive are impacted by a variety of factors, including the particular health insurance plans chosen by our members, the carriers offering those plans, our members states of residence, the laws and regulations in those jurisdictions, the average premiums of plans purchased through us and health care reform. Our commission revenue per member has in the past decreased, and could in the future decrease, as a result of reductions in contractual commission rates, a change in the mix of carriers whose products we sell during a given period, and increased health insurance plan termination rates, all of which are beyond our control and may occur on short notice. To the extent these and other factors cause our commission revenue per member to decline, our revenue may decline and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. Given that Medicare-related and individual and family health insurance purchasing is concentrated during enrollment periods, we may experience a shift in the mix of Medicare-related and individual and family health insurance products selected by our members over a short period of time. Any reduction in our average commission revenue per member caused by such a shift or otherwise would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The determination of constraints is also a factor that requires significant management judgment. Constraints are applied to LTVs for revenue recognition purposes and help ensure that the total estimated lifetime commissions expected to be collected from an approved member's plan are recognized as revenue only to the extent that is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with future commissions receivable from the plan is subsequently resolved. We determine 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 the constraint for each product by comparing prior calculations of LTV to actual cash received and review the reasons for any variations. We then apply judgment in assessing whether the difference between historical cash collections and LTV is representative of differences that can be expected in future periods. We also analyze whether circumstances have changed and consider any known or potential modifications to the inputs into LTV in light of the factors that can impact the amount of cash expected to be collected in future periods including but not limited to commission rates, carrier mix, plan duration, changes in laws and regulations and cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which we have a relationship. We evaluate the appropriateness of our constraints on an ongoing basis, and we update our assumptions when we observe a sufficient amount of evidence that would suggest that the long-term expectation underlying the assumptions has changed. If we underestimate the initial constraint applied to LTVs, we might be required to increase the constraint or record an impairment in a future period which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our agreements with our lender and convertible preferred stock investors contain restrictions that impact our business and expose us to risks that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, we entered into a term loan credit agreement with Blue Torch Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and other lenders party thereto, which was amended on August 16, 2022 (as amended, the "Credit Agreement"). The Credit Agreement provides us with 70 million in term loans. In connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, we terminated our credit agreement with Royal Bank of Canada and other lenders that provided us with an up to 75 million revolving credit facility. The Credit Agreement contains certain mandatory prepayment triggers and imposes certain covenants and restrictions on our business and our ability to obtain additional financing. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, including covenants regarding the payment of taxes and other obligations, maintenance of insurance, reporting requirements and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Credit Agreement also contains restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, make certain restricted payments, make fundamental changes, sell assets, transact with affiliates, enter into burdensome agreements, prepay certain indebtedness or modify our organizational documents, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. Further, the Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to (x) maintain a minimum level of liquidity as of the end of each month and (y) maintain a ratio such that the outstanding amount of obligations under the Term Loan Credit Agreement at the end of any month does not exceed 50 of the value of certain commissions receivable as of the end of such month. The events of default under the Credit Agreement include, among other things and subject to grace periods in certain instances, payment defaults, cross defaults with certain other material indebtedness, breaches of covenants or representations and warranties, changes in control of our company, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events with respect to us and our subsidiaries, a restriction on all or a material portion of our business and the indictment of us or any subsidiary (or any senior officer thereof), or criminal proceedings against the same, which could result in a forfeiture of a material portion of our and our subsidiaries properties. 
 
 If we experience a decline in cash flow due to any of the factors described in this Risk Factors section or otherwise, we could have difficulty paying interest and principal amounts due on our indebtedness and meeting the financial covenants set forth in our Credit Agreement. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain the funds necessary to make required payments under the Credit Agreement, or if we fail to comply with the requirements of our indebtedness, we could default under our Credit Agreement. Any default that is not waived could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Credit Agreement, an increase in the applicable interest rate under the credit facility, and would permit our lender to exercise rights and remedies with respect to all of the collateral that is securing the Credit Agreement, which includes substantially all of our assets. Any such default could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 On February 17, 2021, we entered into an investment agreement with Echelon Health SPV, LP ("H.I.G."), pursuant to which H.I.G. purchased 2.25 million of Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate price of 225 million. The investment agreement with H.I.G could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing or increase our borrowing costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. As of the date of this report, pursuant to the terms of our investment agreement with H.I.G., we must obtain the consent of H.I.G. in order to incur any indebtedness, which could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, until our adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four quarters increases. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Even if we comply with all of the applicable covenants, the restrictions on the conduct of our business imposed by our lender or H.I.G. could materially adversely affect our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of financings, mergers, acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be beneficial to the business. Even if the Credit Agreement were terminated, additional debt we could incur in the future may subject us to similar or additional covenants, which could place restrictions on the operation of our business. Similarly, our investment or financing arrangement with any future investors may subject us to similar or additional covenants. 
 
 Operating and growing our business is likely to require additional capital, and if capital is not available to us, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer. 
 
 Operating and growing our business is expected to require further investments in our business. We have generated negative cash from operating activities and may continue to generate negative cash from operating activities in the future. We may from time to time seek to raise additional capital through debt and/or equity financing to pursue strategic initiatives or make investments in our business. If we seek to raise funds through debt or equity financing, those funds may prove to be unavailable, may only be available on terms that are not acceptable to us or may result in significant dilution to our stockholders or higher levels of leverage. Our Credit Agreement and our investment agreement with H.I.G. contain restrictions that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, issue certain types of equity securities with rights and preferences senior to or pari passu with our Series A Preferred Stock, make certain types of investments or obtain additional financing. Pursuant to the terms of our investment agreement with H.I.G., we must obtain the consent of H.I.G. in order to incur any indebtedness, which could limit our ability to obtain additional financing until our adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four quarters increases. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities or challenges could be harmed, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements could be impaired, which could adversely affect our operating results, our ability to operate our business and our stock price. 
 
 We have a complex business organization. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to help ensure that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently and is complicated by the expansion of our business operations and changing accounting requirements. Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We cannot assure that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. The existence of a material weakness could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, leading to a decline in our stock price and potential lawsuits against us. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in our provision for income taxes or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns or changes in tax legislation could adversely affect our results. 
 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings differing materially from our projections, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, tax effects of stock-based compensation, or adverse outcomes as a result of tax examinations or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof. To the extent that our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility or adverse outcomes as a result of tax examinations, our operating results could be harmed. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attribute prescribed in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles relating to accounting for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to examinations of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There may be exposure that the outcomes from these examinations will have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 
 We have net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes to offset future taxable income. Our federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin expiring in 2034 and 2023, respectively. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize these net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership changes that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and similar state provisions. These ownership change limitations may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points (by value) of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders. Our ability to use the remaining net operating loss carryforwards may be further limited if we experience a Section 382 ownership change as a result of future changes in our stock ownership. 

Risks Related to Our Technology 
 
 If we fail to properly maintain existing or implement new information systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The performance, reliability and availability of our ecommerce platform, cloud contact center and underlying network infrastructures are critical to our financial results, brand and relationship with members, marketing partners and health insurance carriers. Although we regularly attempt to enhance our platforms and system infrastructure, system failures and interruptions may occur if we are unable to accurately project the rate or timing of increases in our website or call center traffic or for other reasons, some of which are completely outside our control. We could experience significant failures and interruptions, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If these failures or interruptions occurred during the Medicare annual enrollment period, the Medicare Advantage open enrollment period or during the open enrollment period under health care reform, the negative impact on us would be particularly pronounced. 
 
 We rely in part upon third-party vendors, including cloud infrastructure and bandwidth providers, to operate our ecommerce platform and customer care center. Consumers using our website and accessing our services depend upon Internet, online and other service providers for access to our website and services. Our remote employees rely on third-party service providers to access our systems and other agent productivity tools. We cannot predict whether additional network capacity will be available from these vendors as we need it, and our network or our suppliers networks might be unable to achieve or maintain a sufficiently high capacity of data transmission. Any significant interruption in access to our call centers or our website or increase in our website s response time as a result of these difficulties could impair our revenue-generating capabilities, damage our reputation and our relationship with insurance carriers, marketing partners and existing and potential members, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, any loss of data could result in loss of customers and 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 subject us to potential liability. Our business operations may also be disrupted if our employees are unable to work from home effectively as a result of technical difficulties experienced by these service providers. Many of these service providers have experienced significant outages, delays and other difficulties in the past and could experience them in the future. If these third parties experience difficulty providing the services we require or meeting our standards for those services, it could make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business. Our and our vendors' facilities, database and systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, fire, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, cyberattacks, acts of terrorism, other attempts to harm our systems and similar events. 
 
 In particular, our customer care center operations' success depends on maintenance of functioning information technology systems. CMS rules require that our health insurance agent employees utilize CMS-approved scripts in connection with the sale of Medicare plans and that we record and maintain the recording of telephonic interactions relating to the sale of Medicare plans. We rely on telephone, call recording, customer relationship management and other systems and technology in our customer care center operations, and we are dependent upon third parties for some of them, including our telephone and call recording systems. These systems have failed temporarily in the past and may experience additional disruption due to systems upgrades, power outages, an increase in remote work or other events. The effectiveness and stability of our customer care center systems and technology are critical to our ability to sell health insurance plans, particularly during key times, such as the Medicare enrollment periods, and the failure or interruption of any of these systems and technology or any inability to handle increased volume would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is subject to security risks and, if we experience a successful cyberattack, a security breach or are otherwise unable to safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of the data we hold, including sensitive personal information, our business will be harmed. 
 
 Maintaining the security of our products and services is a critical issue for us, our consumers and health insurance carriers that we work with. Despite our taking precautions, we cannot guarantee that our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers, will be free of security breaches, cyberattacks, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. We may be required to expend significant amounts and other resources to protect against security breaches or to mitigate and remediate problems caused by security breaches. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures preemptively. Additionally, our third party service providers may cause security breaches for which we are responsible. 
 
 Any compromise or perceived compromise of our security or the security of one of our vendors could damage our reputation, cause the termination of relationships with government-run health insurance exchanges and our members, marketing partners and health insurance carriers, reduce demand for our services and subject us to significant liability and expense as well as regulatory action and lawsuits, any of which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. The attack surface available to criminals is increasing as more companies and individuals work remotely and otherwise work online. Consequently, the risk of a cybersecurity incident has increased. We cannot provide assurances that our preventative efforts, or those of our vendors or service providers, will be successful. These actual and potential breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us, our employees, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. This may result in litigation and liability or fines, our compliance with costly and time-intensive notice requirements, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which could harm our business or damage our brand and reputation, thereby requiring time and resources to mitigate these impacts. 
 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 We believe that our intellectual property is an essential asset of our business and that our technology currently gives us a competitive advantage in the distribution of Medicare-related, individual and family and small business health insurance. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws as well 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to establish and protect our intellectual property rights in the United States. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective, and our trademarks or patents may be held invalid or unenforceable. Moreover, the law relating to intellectual property is not as developed in China, and our intellectual property rights may not be as respected in China as they are in the United States. We may not be effective in policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property, trade secrets and other confidential information, and even if we do detect violations, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive, could divert our management s attention and may result in a court determining that our intellectual property or other rights are unenforceable. If we are not successful in cost-effectively protecting our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and confidential information, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our future operating results are likely to fluctuate and could fall short of expectations, which could negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 Our operating results are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, including the factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, many of which are outside of our control. For example and among these factors, the assumptions underlying our estimates of commission revenue as required by ASC 606 may vary significantly over time. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance, particularly in light of the fact that our business and industry are undergoing substantial change as a result of health care reform, competition, shifts in carrier and regulator priorities and initiatives we determine to pursue. If our revenue or operating results differ from our guidance or fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. In the past, when our revenue and operating results differed from our guidance and the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock was impacted. 
 
 Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
 
 From time to time, we have released, and may continue to release guidance in earnings conference calls, earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management's estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, has been, and will be, based on projections prepared by our management. Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Our actual results have, and may in the future, vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 
 
 Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Among these factors, the assumptions underlying our estimates of commission revenue as required by ASC 606 , may vary significantly over time. We may state possible outcomes as high and low ranges. Any range we provide is not intended to imply that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Risk Factors section could result in the actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors and we may decide to suspend guidance at any time. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such third parties. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to continue to fluctuate substantially. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock fluctuated from 2.68 to 5.29 per share. The trading price of our common stock depends on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock since you might be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of inflation, or political or geopolitical instability; 
 volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of our competitors' shares, including high technology stocks, which have historically experienced high levels of volatility; 
 any new debt and/or equity financing that we undertake to raise additional capital; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business, including developments relating to the health care industry and the marketing and sale of Medicare plans; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or the growth rate of our business; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology or insurance brokerage companies generally and of our competitors; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services; 
 the public reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 negative publicity about us, including accurate and inaccurate third-party commentary or reports regarding us; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors' businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management; and 
 general economic conditions, political instability and slow or negative growth of our markets. 
 The effect of such factors on the trading market for our stock may be enhanced by the lack of a large and established trading market for our stock. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Additionally, as a public company, we face the risk of shareholder lawsuits, particularly if we experience declines in the price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of a particular 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 company's securities, securities class action lawsuits have often been instituted against affected companies. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to such legal actions. 
 
 The issuance of shares of common stock underlying our convertible preferred stock would dilute the ownership and relative voting power of holders of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The Series A preferred stock is convertible at the option of the holders at any time into shares of common stock based on the then applicable conversion rate as determined in the certificate of designations for the Series A preferred stock, which conversion would dilute the ownership interest of existing holders of our common stock. In addition, because holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to vote, on an as-converted basis (subject to certain voting limitations and conversion calculations set forth in the certificate of designations for the Series A preferred stock), together with holders of our common stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock, the issuance of the Series A preferred stock effectively reduces the relative voting power of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. Pursuant to the investment agreement, holders of our Series A preferred stock have customary resale registration rights for common stock issued upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock upon closing. Any resale of our common stock would increase the number of shares of our common stock available for public trading. Sales by our Series A preferred stockholder of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 Our convertible preferred stock investors have rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of our common stockholders, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, result in the interests of our convertible preferred stock investors differing from those of our common stockholders and make an acquisition of us more difficult. 
 
 Holders of our Series A preferred stock have (i) a liquidation preference (ii) rights to dividends, which are senior to all of our other equity securities, (iii) redemption rights beginning on April 30, 2027, (iv) the right to require us to repurchase any or all of their Series A preferred stock in connection with certain change of control events, and (v) conversion price adjustments in connection with certain corporate transactions, each subject to the terms, conditions and exceptions contained in the certificate of designations for the Series A preferred stock. 
 
 These dividend and share repurchase and redemption obligations could impact our liquidity and reduce the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The terms of our investment agreement with H.I.G., the initial purchaser of our Series A Preferred Stock, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing or increase our borrowing costs, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. As of the date of this report, pursuant to the terms of our investment agreement with H.I.G., we must obtain the consent of H.I.G. in order to incur any indebtedness, which could limit our ability to obtain additional financing until our adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four quarters increases. The preferential rights could also result in divergent interests between H.I.G. and holders of our common stock. Furthermore, a sale of our company, as a change of control event, may require us to repurchase Series A preferred stock, which could have the effect of making an acquisition of our company more expensive and potentially deterring proposed transactions that may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 
 Our convertible preferred stock investors may exercise influence over us, including through its ability to designate up to two directors on our board of directors. 
 
 Our investment agreement with H.I.G. contains certain negative operating covenants that will remain in effect for so long as H.I.G. continues to own at least 30 of the shares of Series A preferred stock originally issued to it. Further, the investment agreement entitles H.I.G. to nominate one individual for election to our board of directors for so long as it continues to own at least 30 of the common stock issuable or issued upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock originally issued to it. The director designated by H.I.G. will also be entitled to serve on 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 committees of our board of directors, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. Notwithstanding the fact that all directors will be subject to fiduciary duties to us and to applicable law, the interests of the director designated by H.I.G. of our Series A preferred stock may differ from the interests of our security holders as a whole or of our other directors. H.I.G. nominated Aaron C. Tolson to our board of directors. Mr. Tolson was appointed to our board of directors as a Class I director on August 30, 2021, and as of the date of this report serves as the chairperson of the compensation committee and as a member of the equity incentive committee, nominating and corporate governance committee and government and regulatory affairs committee of the board of directors. In addition, if we fail to maintain certain levels of commissions receivable and liquidity, H.I.G. will be entitled to nominate one additional director, and the consent of H.I.G. will be required to approve our annual budget, hire or terminate certain key executives and incur certain indebtedness as outlined in the investment agreement. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and Delaware law contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 
 
 creating a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms ; 
 authorizing undesignated preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our common stock ; 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers ; 
 limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings ; 
 requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors ; 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings ; and 
 providing our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 
 Our bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders and also provide that the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each of which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware), except for any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This provision would not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act establishes concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over Securities Act claims. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to hear such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and against any person in connection with an offering of our securities. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders and other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. 
 
 Further, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies organizational documents have been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court of law could rule that these types of provisions are inapplicable or unenforceable if they are challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our results of operations. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, pandemics, natural disasters, changing climate conditions and other extreme events, including legal, regulatory and social responses thereto, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics (such as COVID-19) and other extreme events could result in public health crises or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business operations, cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations. For example, disruptions in public and private infrastructure resulting from such events could increase our operating costs and ability to provide services to our clients and customers. Additionally, we had to adjust our operations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Global climate change has added, and will continue to add, to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters, including but not limited to hurricanes, tornadoes, freezes, droughts, other storms and fires in certain parts of the world. In response, a number of legal and regulatory measures and social initiatives have been introduced in an effort to reduce greenhouse gas and other carbon emissions that are chief contributors to global climate change. We cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions will have on our business, though extreme weather events could impact our facilities, technological assets, business continuity and reputation. The legal, regulatory and social responses to climate change could also adversely affect our results of business, operating results and financial conditions. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

We face risks related to heightened inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions. 
 
 Customer and consumer demand for health insurance plan may be impacted by weak economic conditions, recession, market volatility or other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other nations. For example, in 2022, the United States experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures which we expect to continue into 2023. In addition, as a result of such negative economic factors some of our members may delay signing up for an insurance plan or opt into a plan with lower insurance premiums, and we may also experience potential delays in customer premium payments or an increase in plan termination rates, any of which could harm our business. In addition, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may limit our access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Santa Clara, California, where we occupy 9,071 square feet. In addition to our corporate headquarters, we currently lease several other office spaces around the country. During 2022, we announced a remote first workplace model in the United States, meaning that, except for those employees whose job responsibilities require in-office work, none of our employees are required to work at the office. As a result, we have closed certain spaces at our leased facilities. We also occupy 53,758 square feet of leased office space in Xiamen, China which supports our technology and content, customer care and enrollment, marketing and advertising and general and administrative operations 
 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that should we need additional physical office space, suitable additional space will be available in the future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we have received and may continue to receive inquiries from state and federal regulators relating to various matters. We have become, and may in the future become, involved in litigation in the ordinary course of our business. If we are found to have violated laws or regulations in any jurisdiction, we could be subject to various fines and penalties, including revocation of our license to sell insurance in those states, and our business, operating results, and financial condition would be harmed. Revocation of any of our licenses or penalties in one jurisdiction could cause our license to be revoked or for us to face penalties in other jurisdictions. In addition, without a health insurance license in a jurisdiction, carriers would not pay us commissions for the products we sold in that jurisdiction, and we would not be able to sell new health insurance products in that jurisdiction. We could also be harmed to the extent that related publicity damages our reputation as a trusted source of objective information relating to health insurance and its affordability. It could also be costly to defend ourselves regardless of the outcome. Our material legal proceedings are described in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol EHTH. As of February 15, 2023, there were 22 stockholders of record of our common stock (which does not include the number of stockholders holding shares of our common stock in street name ). 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities which have not been previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K during the period covered by this report. 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or soliciting material under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to liabilities under Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The graph below matches our cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative 5-year total returns on the Nasdaq Composite index and the Research Data Group ("RDG"), Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of dividends) from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 eHealth, Inc. 100.00 221.19 553.14 406.51 146.80 27.86 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 RDG Internet Composite 100.00 89.34 126.80 174.13 170.44 103.35 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
 
 We are a leading private online health insurance marketplace with a technology and service platform that provides consumer engagement, education, and health insurance enrollment solutions. Our mission is to expertly guide consumers through their health insurance enrollment and related options, when, where, and how they prefer. Our platform leverages technology to solve a critical problem in a large and growing market by aiding consumers in what has traditionally been a complex, confusing, and opaque health insurance purchasing process. Our omnichannel consumer engagement platform differentiates our offering from other brokers and enables consumers to use our services online, by telephone with a licensed insurance agent, or through a hybrid online assisted interaction that includes live agent chat and co-browsing capabilities. We have created a consumer-centric marketplace that offers consumers a broad choice of insurance products that includes thousands of Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, Medicare Part D prescription drug, individual, family, small business, and other ancillary health insurance products from approximately 200 health insurance carriers across all fifty states and the District of Columbia. Our plan recommendation tool curates this broad plan selection by analyzing customer health-related information against plan data for insurance coverage fit. This tool is supported by a unified data platform and is available to our ecommerce customers and our licensed agents. We strive to be the most trusted partner to the consumer in their life's journey through the health insurance market. 

Multi-Year Business Initiatives 
 
 In 2021, we launched several initiatives aimed at improving enrollment quality and member retention in our Medicare business. In 2022, we began to implement a business transformation plan across all key functional areas of our business with emphasis on increasing the effectiveness of our marketing and telesales organization and rationalizing our cost structure. We have observed impacts of these initiatives on our results of operations, as further discussed below: 
 
 Enrollment Quality Assurance Initiatives Enrollment quality, which has been our focus since the launch of our retention program in 2020, helps ensure that we present Medicare beneficiaries with choices that best align with their eligibility status, lifestyle, health conditions, and economic means with the goal of minimal disruption in existing provider relationships. We have sought additional ways to improve our customer experience, enhance accuracy of plan recommendations, and reduce disenrollment. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we introduced additional mandatory training for our agents, added a new customer care function to verify certain Medicare enrollments prior to submission to the carrier, and expanded other quality assurance efforts. We also shifted the mix of our telesales capacity towards full-time internal agents and away from third party vendor agents. In 2022, we maintained our strategy of keeping the majority of our agent force internal. We also made other important changes across our call centers to improve the effectiveness of our agents and further enhance consumer experience. These changes include the migration of our call center technology to a new cloud-based agent monitoring system, which provides new robust capabilities to train agents and monitor their performance in real time. 
 
 The introduction of enrollment quality assurance in the third quarter of 2021, in particular, resulted in an initial decline in conversion rates and longer talk times through the second quarter of 2022. However, we are seeing the improvement in enrollment quality metrics including Complaint Tracking Module ("CTM") scores and retention characteristics for the new enrollments that we added during the annual enrollment period in 2022, relative to comparable enrollment cohorts from the 2021 and 2020 annual enrollment periods. In the second half of 2022, we achieved a significant year-over-year increase in conversion rates on our Medicare calls and increased productivity 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 from our tenured and newly hired agents, while maintaining or, in some cases, further improving enrollment quality metrics. 
 
 Transformation Plan In 2022, we launched a multi-year transformation plan to increase our effectiveness in generating and converting consumer demand, right-size our cost structure and drive future profitability. This plan incorporates different operational and cost savings initiatives, including a reduction in vendor-related spend outside of mission critical areas, plans to reduce our real-estate footprint as we become a remote first workplace, and a targeted workforce reduction. During the second quarter of 2022 we eliminated over 300 full-time positions, representing approximately 14 of our workforce, primarily within our customer care and enrollment group, and to a lesser extent, in our marketing and advertising, technology and content, and general and administrative groups. 
 
 We have also made changes to variable cost management. These initiatives are intended to improve our operations through right-sizing our agent force and better deployment of marketing expenses. For example, we have de-emphasized underperforming demand generation channels in favor of channels that bring higher quality leads. Through this transformation plan, we have achieved significant cost savings while preserving our competitive edge and focusing on initiatives with highest in-period returns on investment. In 2022, we achieved over 110 million in annualized cost savings compared to 2021. The variable cost reduction resulted in a decline in our enrollments and revenue in 2022. However, we believe that such decline is temporary before a return to enrollment growth in 2023 on a significantly improved operations and cost foundation. 

Update on COVID-19 and Remote First 
 
 We experienced a number of changes in our business related to the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic from 2020 onwards. As a result of the pandemic, we had to adjust our business operations, including shifting to a remote work model and onboarding and training new health insurance agents remotely. Since the pandemic, we have offered several programs to provide additional support to our employees and contractors, including our comfort equipment reimbursement program and Internet and mobile phone reimbursement programs to assist all employees with purchasing equipment to better enable remote work; access to digital health and mental wellness services for employees; and rigorous remote training programs. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company announced a remote first workplace model in the United States. As a result, except for those employees whose job responsibilities require in-office work, none of our employees are required to work at the office. As part of the remote first strategy, in August 2022, we subleased a portion of our office space located in Santa Clara, California, and retained a portion to be used through first quarter of 2023. We also subleased or vacated other office spaces and evaluated certain of its right-of-use assets and other lease related assets including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment for impairment under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 360. As we continue to assess challenges associated with enabling remote work, including the reconfiguration of work space and our facility footprint and fostering a cohesive workplace culture, we believe flexible workforce positions will make us a more attractive employer, increase productivity, and enable us to recruit from a more diverse pool of applicants. 

Summary of Selected Metrics 
 
 We rely upon certain metrics to estimate and recognize commission revenue, evaluate our business performance and facilitate strategic planning. Our commission revenue is influenced by a number of factors including but not limited to: 
 the number of individuals on applications for Medicare-related, individual and family, small business and ancillary health insurance plans that are approved by the relevant health insurance carriers; 
 the number of approved members for Medicare-related, individual and family, small business and ancillary health insurance plans from whom we have received an initial commission payment; and 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 the constrained lifetime value ("LTV"), of approved members for Medicare-related, individual and family and ancillary health insurance plans we sell as well as the estimated annual value of approved members for small business plans we sell. 

Approved Members 
 
 Approved members represent the number of individuals on submitted applications that were approved by the relevant insurance carrier for the identified product during the current period. The applications may be submitted in either the current period or prior periods. Not all approved members ultimately become paying members. 
 
 The following table shows approved members for the years presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare Medicare Advantage 302,949 399,758 387,652 Medicare Supplement 18,569 28,020 40,551 Medicare Part D 40,094 73,292 74,357 Total Medicare 361,612 501,070 502,560 Individual and Family 33,271 42,711 33,328 Ancillary 72,004 97,694 114,946 Small Business 9,722 11,432 14,809 Total Approved Members 476,609 652,907 665,643 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Medicare approved members declined 28 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a decrease in approved members across all Medicare products that we market, including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. This decline reflects our decision to temporarily pause enrollment volume while implementing various operational initiatives aimed at increasing the effectiveness of our sales and marketing organizations. 
 
 Individual and family plan approved members declined 22 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 36 decline in approved members for qualified health plans and an 8 decline in non-qualified health plan approved members primarily due to a reduction in marketing spend. 
 
 Ancillary plan approved members declined 26 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to decreased approved members across most ancillary plans. This decrease was partly attributed to the decline in individual and family plan enrollment volume as these enrollments can result in additional sales of ancillary products. Small business group health insurance approved members declined 15 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the continued shift of our focus away from the sale of small business products. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Medicare approved members remained flat in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a 3 growth in Medicare Advantage plan approved members, offset by decreased Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D plan approved members. The increase in approved Medicare Advantage members was primarily due to our investments in customer care and enrollment and marketing, and an increase in online enrollment, partially offset by a decline in telesales conversion rate during the second half of 2021. 
 
 Individual and family plan approved members grew 28 in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to a 57 increase in approved members for qualified health plans and an 8 increase in non-qualified health plan approved members. The individual and family health insurance market benefited from the passage of the American Rescue Plan Act adopted in March 2021. This legislation expanded access to premium credits making individual and family major medical plans more affordable, which allows a larger population to get the coverage that our major medical plans offer. The credits cover the 2021 and 2022 plan years, after which the credit subsidies expire. 
 
 Ancillary plan approved members declined 15 in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to a decrease in short-term health insurance plans and other ancillary plans approved members. Small business group insurance 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 approved members declined 23 in 2021 compared to 2020 mainly due to the shift of our focus away from the sale of small business products. 

Estimated Constrained Lifetime Value of Commissions Per Approved Member 
 
 The following table shows our estimated constrained LTV, of commissions per approved member by product for the years presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare: Medicare Advantage (1) 
 975 979 952 Medicare Supplement (1) 
 935 993 1,125 Medicare Part D (1) 
 194 203 215 Individual and Family: Non-Qualified Health Plans (1) 
 361 274 203 Qualified Health Plans (1) 
 333 311 265 Ancillaries: Short-term (1) 
 166 169 162 Dental (1) 
 105 96 79 Vision (1) 
 63 61 55 Small Business (2) 
 212 182 157 
 __________ 
 
 (1) Constrained LTV of commissions per approved member represents commissions estimated to be collected over the estimated life of an approved member s plan after applying constraints in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The estimate is driven by multiple factors, including but not limited to, contracted commission rates, carrier mix, estimated average plan duration, the regulatory environment, and cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which we have a relationship. These factors may result in varying values from period to period. For additional information on constrained LTV, see Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 
 (2) For small business, the amount represents the estimated commissions we expect to collect from the plan over the following twelve months. The estimate is driven by multiple factors, including but not limited to, contracted commission rates, carrier mix, estimated average plan duration, the regulatory environment, and cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which we have a relationship and applied constraints. These factors may result in varying values from period to period. 
 
 Medicare 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 The constrained LTV of commissions per approved member was flat for Medicare Advantage plans and decreased for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D plans in 2022 compared to 2021. Medicare Advantage plans experienced decreased estimated average plan durations and higher churn observations, the impacts of which were offset by increased contracted rates and improved quality metrics. The decline in constrained LTV of commissions per approved member for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D plans was primarily due to decreased estimated average plan durations and higher churn observations. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 The constrained LTV of commissions per approved member for Medicare Advantage plans increased 3 and decreased by 12 and 6 , respectively, for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in constrained LTV of Medicare Advantage plans was primarily due to higher commissions rates. The decline in constrained LTV of commissions per approved member for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans was primarily due to shorter estimated average plan durations for both products. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Individual and Family and Ancillaries 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 The constrained LTV of commissions per approved non-qualified health plan member increased by 32 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to more stable churn observations and an increase in estimated average plan duration. The constrained LTV of commissions per approved qualified health plan member increased by 7 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a slight increase in average plan duration. The constrained LTV of commissions per approved member increased for dental, vision, and small business insurance plans by 9 , 3 , and 16 , respectively, in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of an increase in estimated average plan duration. The increase in small business insurance plan was also due to higher commissions per group. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 The constrained LTV of commissions per approved qualified health plan member increased by 17 in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increased estimates of average plan duration and a lower constraint for non-qualified health insurance plans. The constrained LTV of commissions per approved member for short-term health insurance, dental, vision, and small business insurance plans increased 4 , 22 , 11 , and 16 , respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily as a result of an increase in estimated average plan duration. 
 
 The constraints applied to the total estimated lifetime commissions we expect to receive for selling the plan after the carrier approves an application in order to derive the constrained LTV of commissions for approved members recognized for the periods presented below are summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Medicare Medicare Advantage 7 7 Medicare Supplement 9 9 Medicare Part D 7 7 Individual and Family Non-Qualified Health Plans 4 7 Qualified Health Plans 4 4 Ancillary Products Short-term 20 20 Dental 5 5 Vision 5 5 Other 10 10 Small Business 5 5 
 
 The constraints for all Medicare products remained the same during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The constraints for non-qualified health plans decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year, due to stabilization of market conditions and historical increases in LTV values. Qualified health plans, ancillary plans and small business insurance plans remained the same during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated Membership 
 
 Estimated membership represents the estimated number of members active as of the date indicated based on the number of members for whom we have received or applied a commission payment during the period of estimation. The following table shows estimated membership as of the periods presented below: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare (1) 
 Medicare Advantage 645,864 632,574 533,282 Medicare Supplement 100,039 101,794 104,188 Medicare Part D 229,962 225,129 238,503 Total Medicare 975,865 959,497 875,973 Individual and Family (1) 
 102,971 105,211 116,247 Ancillaries (1) 
 214,570 235,017 247,355 Small Business (2) 
 45,584 46,650 45,771 Total Estimated Membership 1,338,990 1,346,375 1,285,346 
 __________________ 
 
 (1) To estimate the number of members on Medicare-related, individual and family, and ancillary health insurance plans, we take the respective sum of (i) the number of members for whom we have received or applied a commission payment for a month that may be up to three months prior to the date of estimation (after reducing that number using historical experience for assumed member cancellations over the period being estimated); and (ii) the number of approved members over that period (after reducing that number using historical experience for an assumed number of members who do not accept their approved policy and for estimated member cancellations through the date of the estimate). To the extent we determine through confirmations from a health insurance carrier that a commission payment is delayed or is inaccurate as of the date of estimation, we adjust the estimated membership to also reflect the number of members for whom we expect to receive or to refund a commission payment. Further, to the extent we have received substantially all of the commission payments related to a given month during the period being estimated, we will take the number of members for whom we have received or applied a commission payment during the month of estimation. For ancillary health insurance plans, the one to three-month period varies by insurance product and is largely dependent upon the timeliness of commission payment and related reporting from the related carriers. 
 
 (2) To estimate the number of members on small business health insurance plans, we use the number of initial members at the time the group was approved, and we update this number for changes in membership if such changes are reported to us by the group or carrier. However, groups generally notify the carrier directly of policy cancellations and increases or decreases in group size without informing us. Health insurance carriers often do not communicate policy cancellation information or group size changes to us. We often are made aware of policy cancellations and group size changes at the time of annual renewal and update our membership statistics accordingly in the period they are reported. 
 
 A member who purchases and is active on multiple standalone insurance plans will be counted as a member more than once. For example, a member who is active on both an individual and family health insurance plan and a standalone dental plan will be counted as two continuing members. 
 
 Health insurance carriers bill and collect insurance premiums paid by our members. The carriers do not report to us the number of members that we have as of a given date. The majority of our members who terminate their plans do so by discontinuing their premium payments to the carrier or notifying the carrier directly and do not inform us of the cancellation. Also, some of our members pay their premiums less frequently than monthly. Given the number of months required to observe non-payment of commissions in order to confirm cancellations, we estimate the number of members who are active on insurance policies as of a specified date. 
 
 After we have estimated membership for a period, we may receive information from health insurance carriers that would have impacted the estimate if we had received the information prior to the date of estimation. We may receive commission payments or other information that indicates that a member who was not included in our estimates for a prior period was in fact an active member at that time, or that a member who was included in our estimates was in fact not an active member of ours. For instance, we reconcile information carriers provide to us and may determine that we were not historically paid commissions owed to us, which would cause us to have underestimated membership. Conversely, carriers may require us to return commission payments paid in a prior period due to policy cancellations for members we previously estimated as being active. We do not update our estimated membership numbers reported in previous periods. Instead, we reflect updated information regarding our historical membership in the membership estimate for the current period. If we experience a significant variance in 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 historical membership as compared to our initial estimates, we may provide the updated information in other communications or disclosures. As a result of the delay in our receipt of information from insurance carriers, actual trends in our membership are most discernible over periods longer than from one quarter to the next. As a result of the delay we experience in receiving information about our membership, it is difficult for us to determine with any certainty the impact of current conditions on our membership retention. Various circumstances could cause the assumptions and estimates that we make in connection with estimating our membership to be inaccurate, which would cause our membership estimates to be inaccurate. 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Medicare estimated membership increased 2 as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, driven by a 2 increase in both Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D plan estimated memberships, offset by a 2 decline in Medicare Supplement plan estimated membership. The overall growth in Medicare estimated membership reflects new enrollments we generated during the year, net of estimated attrition. Individual and family plan estimated membership declined by 2 as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 due to a decrease in new enrollments. Ancillary plan estimated membership as of December 31, 2022 declined 9 compared to estimated membership as of December 31, 2021 due to the decline of estimated membership across all ancillary plans. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Medicare estimated membership grew 10 as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 driven by a 19 increase in Medicare Advantage, offset by 6 and 2 decreases in Medicare Part D prescription drug plan and Medicare Supplement plan estimated memberships, respectively. The overall growth in Medicare estimated membership reflected new enrollments we generated during the year, net of estimated attrition. Individual and family plan estimated membership declined by 9 as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 due to our previous decision to shift our investment to our Medicare business. Ancillary plan estimated membership as of December 31, 2021 declined 5 compared to estimated membership as of December 31, 2020 primarily as a result of the decline of estimated membership of dental, short-term health plans, and other ancillary plans. 

Member Acquisition 
 
 Marketing initiatives are an important component of our strategy to increase revenue and are primarily designed to encourage consumers to complete an application for health insurance. Variable marketing cost represents direct costs incurred in member acquisition from our direct, marketing partners and online advertising channels. In addition, we incur customer care and enrollment CC E expenses in assisting applicants during the enrollment process. Variable marketing costs exclude fixed overhead costs, such as personnel related costs, consulting expenses, facilities and other operating costs allocated to the marketing and advertising department. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the estimated variable marketing cost per approved member and the estimated CC E expense per approved member metrics for the years presented below. The numerator used to calculate each metric is the portion of the respective operating expenses for marketing and advertising and CC E that is directly related to member acquisition for our sale of Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans (collectively, Medicare Plans and for all individual and family major medical plans and short-term health insurance plans (collectively, IFP Plans ), respectively. The denominator used to calculate each metric is based on a derived metric that represents the relative value of the new members acquired. For Medicare Plans, we call this derived metric Medicare Advantage MA )-equivalent members, and for IFP Plans, we call this derived metric IFP-equivalent members. The calculations for MA-equivalent members and for IFP-equivalent members are based on the weighted number of approved members for Medicare Plans and IFP Plans during the year, with the number of approved members adjusted based on the relative LTV of the product they are purchasing. Since the LTV for any product fluctuates from year to year, the weight given to each product was determined based on their relative LTVs at the time of our adoption of ASC 606. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Medicare: Estimated CC E cost per MA-equivalent approved member (1) 
 397 383 368 Estimated variable marketing cost per MA-equivalent approved member (1) 
 491 523 384 Total Medicare estimated cost per approved member 888 906 752 Individual and Family Plan: Estimated CC E cost per IFP-equivalent approved member (2) 
 131 91 92 Estimated variable marketing cost per IFP-equivalent approved member (2) 
 72 67 83 Total IFP estimated cost per approved member 203 158 175 
 _____________ 
 
 (1) MA-equivalent approved members is a derived metric with a Medicare Part D approved member being weighted at 25 of a Medicare Advantage member and a Medicare Supplement member based on their relative LTVs at the time of our adoption of ASC 606. We calculate the number of MA-equivalent approved members by adding the total number of approved Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement members and 25 of the total number of approved Medicare Part D members during the years presented. 
 (2) IFP-equivalent approved members is a derived metric with a short-term approved member being weighted at 33 of a major medical individual and family health insurance plan member based on their relative LTVs at the time of our adoption of ASC 606. We calculate the number of IFP-equivalent approved members by adding the total number of approved qualified and non-qualified health plan members and 33 of the total number of short-term approved members during the years presented. 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Estimated CC E cost per MA-equivalent approved member increased 14, or 4 , in 2022 compared to 2021 driven primarily by overall lower telephonic conversion rates combined with a large number of full-time Medicare agents relative to our planned demand needs at the beginning of the year until the cost reduction program was implemented in April 2022. Estimated variable marketing cost per MA-equivalent approved member decreased by 6 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decline in our marketing spend as part of our cost savings initiatives in 2022. 
 
 Estimated variable CC E cost per IFP-equivalent approved member increased 40, or 44 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in the number of agents as we pursue the emerging opportunities in the individual coverage health reimbursement arrangement and state exchange business. Estimated variable marketing cost per IFP-equivalent approved member increased by 7 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by the decline in approved members. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Estimated CC E costs per MA-equivalent approved member increased 4 in 2021 compared to 2020, due to lower enrollment volume resulting from enrollment quality initiatives, a decline in our telesales conversion rate, and an earlier start to our staffing increase for the Medicare annual enrollment period in 2021. Estimated variable marketing costs per MA-equivalent approved member increased by 36 in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a decline in telesales conversion rates leading to a reduced return on our marketing spend and an increase in cost of leads in certain marketing channels, such as direct television and direct mail. In addition, a greater focus on our online advertising channel also contributed to the increase as it carries higher per enrollment marketing costs but lower customer care and enrollment costs. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated CC E cost per IFP-equivalent approved member decreased 1 in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to a decrease in costs and an increase in the number of approved members. Estimated variable marketing cost per IFP-equivalent approved member decreased by 19 in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to a decrease in online marketing spend and an increase in the number of approved members. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating results and related percentage of total revenues for the years presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Commission 361,246 89 493,119 92 508,189 87 Other 44,110 11 45,080 8 74,585 13 Total revenue 405,356 100 538,199 100 582,774 100 Operating costs and expenses (1) 
 Cost of revenue 1,647 1,992 4,083 1 Marketing and advertising 195,088 48 271,300 50 209,340 36 Customer care and enrollment 141,099 35 179,295 33 172,895 30 Technology and content 78,809 19 83,800 16 65,188 11 General and administrative 71,810 18 75,699 14 76,452 13 Amortization of intangible assets 536 1,493 Impairment, restructuring and other charges 19,616 5 51,222 10 Total operating costs and expenses 508,069 125 663,844 123 529,451 91 Income (loss) from operations (102,713) (25) (125,645) (23) 53,323 9 Other income (expense), net (3,676) (1) 755 666 Income (loss) before income taxes (106,389) (26) (124,890) (23) 53,989 9 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (17,667) (4) (20,515) (4) 8,539 1 Net income (loss) (88,722) (22) (104,375) (19) 45,450 8 
 ____________ 
 
 (1) Operating costs and expenses include the following amounts of stock-based compensation expense (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Marketing and advertising 1,901 8,660 5,102 Customer care and enrollment 2,096 2,836 2,723 Technology and content 6,015 10,013 5,460 General and administrative 10,304 11,348 11,887 Total stock-based compensation expense 20,316 32,857 25,172 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue 
 
 Our commission revenue, other revenue and total revenue are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Commission 361,246 (131,873) (27) 493,119 (15,070) (3) 508,189 of total revenue 89 92 87 Other 44,110 (970) (2) 45,080 (29,505) (40) 74,585 of total revenue 11 8 13 Total revenue 405,356 (132,843) (25) 538,199 (44,575) (8) 582,774 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Commission revenue decreased 131.9 million, or 27 , in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 109.1 million, or 25 , decrease in commission revenue from the Medicare segment and a 22.7 million, or 36 , decrease in commission revenue from the Individual, Family and Small Business segment. 
 
 The decrease in commission revenue from the Medicare segment was driven by a 28 decline in Medicare plan approved members across all Medicare products that we market, reflecting our decision to temporarily pause enrollment growth while implementing a number of operational initiatives aimed at increasing the effectiveness of our sales and marketing organizations. This impact of lower enrollment volume was partially offset by net adjustment revenue from prior period enrollments of (2.3) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which was favorable compared to (8.4) million of net adjustment revenue for the same period in 2021. Net adjustment revenue consists of increases in revenue for certain prior period cohorts as well as reductions in revenue for certain prior period cohorts. We recognize positive adjustments to revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
 
 The decrease in commission revenue from the Individual, Family and Small Business segment was primarily due to a 22 decrease in individual and family plan approved members, a 26 decline in ancillary product approved members and 8.7 million in net adjustment revenue from prior period enrollments for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 30.2 million of net adjustment revenue for the same period in 2021. See Segment Information below and Note 2 Revenue in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Other revenue decreased 1.0 million, or 2 , in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to a decrease in advertising revenue. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Commission revenue decreased 15.1 million, or 3 , in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a 17.1 million, or 4 , decrease in commission revenue from the Medicare segment, offset by a 2.0 million, or 3 , increase in commission revenue from the Individual, Family and Small Business segment. The decrease in commission revenue from the Medicare segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in net adjustment revenue and a decline in the estimated constrained LTV and lower enrollment volume for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, partially offset by an increase in constrained LTV and enrollment volume for Medicare Advantage plans. The increase in commission revenue from the Individual, Family and Small Business segment was primarily driven by a 28 increase in individual and family plan approved members. 
 
 Net adjustment revenue for our Medicare segment in 2021 and 2020 was (8.4) million and 5.7 million, respectively. For our Individual, Family and Small Business segment net adjustment revenue in 2021 and 2020 was 30.2 million and 33.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Other revenue decreased 29.5 million, or 40 , in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 due to a decrease in Medicare advertising revenue as a result of a decrease in the size and number of advertising programs with certain carriers. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue consists of payments related to health insurance plans sold to members who were referred to our website by marketing partners with whom we have revenue-sharing arrangements. In order to enter into a revenue-sharing arrangement, marketing partners must be licensed to sell health insurance in the state where the policy is sold. Costs related to revenue-sharing arrangements are expensed as the related revenue is recognized. 
 
 Additionally, cost of revenue includes the amortization of consideration we paid to certain broker partners in connection with the transfer of their health insurance members to us as the new broker of record on the underlying plans. These transfers include primarily Medicare plan members. Consideration for all book-of-business transfers is being amortized to cost of revenue as we recognize commission revenue related to the transferred members. 
 
 Our cost of revenue is summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue 1,647 (345) (17) 1,992 (2,091) (51) 4,083 of total revenue 1 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Cost of revenue decreased 0.3 million in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to decreased activity from our revenue sharing arrangements. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Cost of revenue decreased 2.1 million in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to decreased activity from our revenue sharing arrangements. 

Marketing and Advertising 
 
 Marketing and advertising expenses consist primarily of member acquisition expenses associated with our direct, marketing partner, and online advertising member acquisition channels, in addition to compensation and other expenses related to marketing, business development, partner management, public relations and carrier relations personnel who support our offerings. We recognize expenses in our direct member acquisition channel in the period in which they are incurred. We generally compensate our marketing partners for referrals based on the consumer submitting a health insurance application on our platform, regardless of whether the consumer's application is approved by the health insurance carrier, or for the referral of a Medicare-related lead to us by the marketing partner. 
 
 Some of our marketing partners have tiered arrangements where the amount we pay the marketing partner per submitted application increases as the volume of submitted applications we receive from the marketing partner increases. We recognize these expenditures in the period when a marketing partner s referral results in the submission of a health insurance application. We recognize expenses in our online advertising member acquisition channels in the period in which the consumer clicks on the advertisement. Increases in submitted applications resulting from marketing partner referrals or visitors to our website from our online advertising channel has in the past, and could in the future, result in marketing and advertising expenses significantly higher than our expectations. 
 
 Our marketing and advertising expenses are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Marketing and advertising 195,088 (76,212) (28) 271,300 61,960 30 209,340 of total revenue 48 50 36 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Marketing and advertising expenses decreased by 76.2 million, or 28 , in 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to a 70.7 million decrease in variable advertising costs, 6.8 million decrease in stock-based compensation, and 1.4 million decrease in personnel related costs, partially offset by increases of 1.9 million in consulting costs and 1.3 million in facilities and operating costs. The decrease in variable advertising expenses was due to a decrease in our advertising expense through select lead generation 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 partners and direct TV channels as we shifted to a more targeted deployment of our marketing budget to emphasize the highest performing channels. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Marketing and advertising expenses increased by 62.0 million, or 30 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 60.4 million increase in variable advertising costs, 3.6 million increase in stock-based compensation, and 0.7 million increase in facilities and operating costs, partially offset by decreases in consulting and personnel related costs. The increase in variable advertising and expenses was due to an increase in our advertising expense through our affiliate lead generation partner and online channels. The increase in expense as a percentage of revenue reflects lower than expected volume driven by underperformance of certain marketing channels. 

Customer Care and Enrollment 
 
 Customer care and enrollment expenses primarily consist of compensation, benefits, and licensing costs for personnel engaged in assistance to applicants who call our customer care center and for enrollment personnel who assist applicants during the enrollment process. 
 
 Our customer care and enrollment expenses are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Customer care and enrollment 141,099 (38,196) (21) 179,295 6,400 4 172,895 of total revenue 35 33 30 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Customer care and enrollment expenses decreased by 38.2 million, or 21 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a 32.1 million decrease in personnel costs associated with a decrease in headcount, a 5.9 million decrease in consulting expenses and a 0.7 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a 0.7 million increase in facilities and other operating expenses. The decrease in personnel costs reflects our targeted headcount reduction implemented in April 2022 and our decision to limit the hiring of new agents in preparation for the annual enrollment period in the fourth quarter, compared to 2021. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Customer care and enrollment expenses increased by 6.4 million, or 4 , in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase was primarily driven by a 36.4 million increase in personnel costs associated with an increase in customer care and enrollment headcount and a 3.3 million increase in facilities and other operating expenses, partially offset by a 27.5 million decrease in spending on external call center and agents, and a 6.6 million decrease in licensing costs. The decrease in licensing costs was primarily due to previously over-recognized licensing costs that were adjusted during the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 During 2021, we shifted to a predominantly internal agent model with the intent to employ and maintain the majority of our health insurance agent force year-round. We started internal agent hiring and training earlier in 2021 compared to 2020, with the largest headcount increase in the second and third quarters. In October 2021, we entered the annual enrollment period with over 95 of our sales force consisting of internal agents, the largest number of full-time agents in our company's history. We also incurred more spending on agent training and the expansion of our customer service team in the second half of 2021, including the addition of a new customer care role to verify Medicare enrollments prior to submission and expanding our quality assurance efforts. 

Technology and Content 
 
 Technology and content expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits costs for personnel associated with developing and enhancing our website technology as well as maintaining our website. A portion of our technology and content group is located at our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, where technology development costs are generally lower than in the United States. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our technology and content expenses are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Technology and content 78,809 (4,991) (6) 83,800 18,612 29 65,188 of total revenue 19 16 11 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Technology and content expenses decreased 5.0 million, or 6 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflective of our cost reduction program and primarily due to decreases of 4.0 million in stock-based compensation expense, 2.8 million in consulting costs, 1.5 million in personnel and compensation costs due to lower headcount and a 1.6 million decrease in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by increases of 4.4 million in amortization of internally developed software and 0.5 million in facilities and other operating costs. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Technology and content expenses increased 18.6 million, or 29 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by increases of 6.9 million in personnel and compensation costs, 5.1 million in amortization of internally developed software, 4.6 million in stock-based compensation expense, 0.9 million in depreciation and amortization, and 0.9 million in facilities and other operating costs. The increase reflects an implementation of a cloud-based call center technology platform and further enhancements to our online user experience in 2021. 

General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses include compensation and benefits costs for personnel working in our executive, finance, investor relations, government affairs, legal, human resources, internal audit, facilities, and internal information technology departments. These expenses also include fees paid for outside professional services, including audit, tax, legal, government affairs, and information technology fees. 
 
 Our general and administrative expenses are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 General and administrative 71,810 (3,889) (5) 75,699 (753) (1) 76,452 of total revenue 18 14 13 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 General and administrative expenses decreased by 3.9 million, or 5 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to decreases of 9.5 million in facilities and other operating costs and 1.0 million in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by an increase of 5.9 million in compensation and personnel costs. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 General and administrative expenses decreased by 0.8 million, or 1 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to decreases of 2.8 million in compensation and personnel costs and 1.1 million in consulting expense, partly offset by a 2.7 million increase in professional fees. The decrease in stock-based compensation expenses in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributable to a one-time reversal related to forfeited equity awards due to our former chief executive officer's termination of employment. 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 Our intangible asset amortization expense is summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Amortization of intangible assets (536) (100) 536 (957) (64) 1,493 of total revenue 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 2022 compared to 2021 Amortization expense decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the impairment of our finite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2021. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Amortization expense was primarily related to intangible assets purchased through our acquisitions. Amortization expense decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to certain intangible assets being fully amortized in 2021. 

Impairment, Restructuring and Other Charges 
 
 Our impairment, restructuring and other charges consist primarily of severance, transition and other related costs and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. Our impairment, restructuring and other charges are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Impairment, restructuring and other charges 19,616 (31,606) (62) 51,222 51,222 of total revenue 5 10 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Impairment, restructuring and other charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 12.1 million related to the subleasing and vacating of several of our office spaces, primarily consisting of 9.6 million of operating lease right-of-use asset and 2.2 million of property, plant and equipment impairment charges as well as 7.5 million of severance and other personnel related cost as a result of the restructuring that took place throughout 2022. In the first half of 2022, we eliminated approximately 14 of our workforce, primarily within our customer care and enrollment group, and to a lesser extent, in our marketing and advertising, technology and content, and general and administrative groups, and, as a result, recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of 6.2 million of restructuring charges. In the second half of 2022, we incurred pre-tax restructuring charges of 1.3 million for additional eliminated positions. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Impairment, restructuring and other charges for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 51.2 million, consisting of 46.3 million in impairment charges and 4.9 million in restructuring and reorganization charges. We recorded an impairment charge of 40.2 million and 6.1 million related to our goodwill and intangible assets, respectively, primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance. There were no impairment charges record during the year ended December 31, 2020. We incurred 4.9 million in restructuring and reorganization charges in 2021, which primarily consisted of the severance and other personnel related costs related to the restructuring that took place in the first quarter of 2021 and the severance and other personnel related cost related to the separation arrangement with our former chief executive officer in September 2021. We did not incur any restructuring and reorganization charges in 2020. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net, primarily consisted of interest income, sublease income and margin earned on commissions received from Medicare plan members transferred to us in 2010 through 2012 by a broker partner, partially offset by interest expense on finance leases and debt and other bank fees. 
 
 Our other income (expense), net is summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Other income (expense), net (3,676) (4,431) (587) 755 89 13 666 of total revenue (1) 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 2022 compared to 2021 Other expense, net was 3.7 million in 2022 compared to other income, net of 0.8 million in 2021. The change was driven by 5.9 million of interest expense and 1.1 million of amortization of debt issuance costs related to the credit agreement with Blue Torch Finance, LLC, which was entered into during the first quarter of 2022, partially offset by an increase of 2.6 million in interest income. 
 
 2021 compared to 2021 Other income, net was 0.8 million in 2021 compared to 0.7 million in 2020. 

Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 
 The following table presents our provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (17,667) 2,848 (14) (20,515) (29,054) (340) 8,539 Effective tax rate 16.6 16.4 15.8 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of 17.7 million representing an effective tax rate of 16.6 . In 2022, the effective tax rate was lower than the statutory tax rate due to stock-based compensation adjustments and changes to the valuation allowance, offset by state tax and research and development tax credits. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of 20.5 million representing an effective tax rate of 16.4 . In 2021, the effective tax rate was lower than the statutory tax rate due to goodwill impairment, stock-based compensation adjustments, a valuation allowance of 3.2 million recorded on net California state deferred tax assets, partially offset by research and development tax credits. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a provision for income taxes of income taxes of 8.5 million representing an effective tax rate of 15.8 . In 2020, the effective tax rate was lower than the statutory tax rate primarily due to stock-based compensation adjustments and research and development credits, offset by state tax and lobbying expenses. 

Segment Information 
 
 We report segment information based on how our chief executive officer, who is our chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), regularly reviews our operating results, allocates resources, and makes decisions regarding our business operations. The performance measures of our segments include total revenue and profit (loss). Our business structure is comprised of two operating segments: 
 
 Medicare; and 
 Individual, Family and Small Business. 
 
 Our CODM does not separately evaluate assets by segment, with the exception of commissions receivable, and therefore assets by segment are not presented. 
 
 The Medicare segment consists primarily of amounts earned from our sale of Medicare-related health insurance plans, including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, and to a lesser extent, amounts from our sale of ancillary products sold to our Medicare-eligible customers, including but not limited to, dental and vision plans, as well as amounts we are paid in connection with our advertising program that allows Medicare-related carriers to purchase advertising on a separate website developed, hosted and maintained by us and to purchase other services such as marketing and advertising services, as well as our delivery and sale to third parties of Medicare-related health insurance leads generated by our ecommerce platforms and our marketing activities. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

The Individual, Family and Small Business segment consists primarily of amounts earned from our sale of individual, family and small business health insurance plans and ancillary products sold to our non-Medicare-eligible applicants, including but not limited to, dental, vision and short-term health insurance. To a lesser extent, the Individual, Family and Small Business segment consists of amounts earned from our online sponsorship program that allows carriers to purchase advertising space in specific markets in a sponsorship area on our website, our licensing to third parties for the use of our health insurance ecommerce technology, and our delivery and sale to third parties of individual and family health insurance leads generated by our ecommerce platforms and our marketing activities. 
 
 Marketing and advertising, customer care and enrollment, technology and content and general and administrative operating expenses that are directly attributable to a segment are reported within the applicable segment. Indirect marketing and advertising, customer care and enrollment, and technology and content operating expenses are allocated to each segment based on usage. Other indirect general and administrative operating expenses are managed in a corporate shared services environment and, since they are not the responsibility of segment operating management, are not allocated to the operating segments and instead reported within Corporate. 
 
 Segment profit (loss) is calculated as total revenue for the applicable segment less direct and indirect allocated marketing and advertising, customer care and enrollment, technology and content and general and administrative operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of intangible assets, and impairment, restructuring and other charges. 
 
 Our operating segment revenue and profit (loss) are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Change Change 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Medicare 361,687 (109,530) (23) 471,217 (45,545) (9) 516,762 Individual, Family and Small Business 43,669 (23,313) (35) 66,982 970 1 66,012 Total revenue 405,356 (132,843) (25) 538,199 (44,575) (8) 582,774 Segment profit (loss) Medicare (1) 
 (9,873) 2,206 (18) (12,079) (120,866) (111) 108,787 Individual, Family and Small Business (1) 
 21,438 (24,267) (53) 45,705 5,390 13 40,315 Segment profit 11,565 (22,061) (66) 33,626 (115,476) (77) 149,102 Corporate (53,238) 3,087 (5) (56,325) 1,339 (2) (57,664) Stock-based compensation expense (20,316) 12,541 (38) (32,857) (7,685) 31 (25,172) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 (21,108) (2,777) (15) (18,331) (6,881) 60 (11,450) Impairment, restructuring and other charges (19,616) 31,606 (62) (51,222) (51,222) Amortization of intangible assets 536 (100) (536) 957 (64) (1,493) Other income (expense), net (3,676) (4,431) (587) 755 89 13 666 Income (loss) before income taxes (106,389) 18,501 (15) (124,890) (178,879) (331) 53,989 
 _______ 
 
 (1) During the first quarter of 2021, we revised the calculation of segment profit by excluding amortization of capitalized software development costs to enhance comparability of our financial metrics with peer companies. The amortization of capitalized software was 17.3 million, 12.9 million and 7.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization has been adjusted to include amortization of software development costs. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Segment Revenue 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Revenue from our Medicare segment decreased 109.5 million, or 23 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to a 109.1 million decrease in Medicare segment commission revenue. The decrease in Medicare segment commission revenue was primarily due to a 100.3 million decrease in Medicare Advantage plan commission revenue, driven by a 24 decline in Medicare Advantage approved members. 
 
 Revenue from our Individual, Family and Small Business segment decreased 23.3 million, or 35 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to a 22.7 million decrease in commission revenue, driven by a 22 decline in individual and family plan approved members and a 26 decline in ancillary plan approved members compared to the same period in 2021. Based on our evaluation of the updated LTV models and retention trends, we recognized 8.7 million in net adjustment revenue from prior period enrollments in 2022 compared to net adjustment revenue of 30.2 million in 2021. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Medicare segment revenue declined 45.5 million, or 9 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily attributable to a 28.5 million decrease in sponsorship and advertising revenue and a 17.1 million decrease in Medicare segment commission revenue. The decrease in Medicare segment commission revenue was primarily due to a decrease in commission revenue for Medicare Supplement plans of 24.3 million and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans of 5.5 million, partially offset by an increase of 18.9 million in Medicare Advantage plan commission revenue. The increase in Medicare Advantage plan commission revenue was driven by 3 growth in Medicare Advantage approved members and higher constrained LTVs. The decrease in commission revenue for Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans was attributable to a decline in enrollment volume and net adjustment revenue of (8.4) million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to lower LTVs. 
 
 Revenue from the Individual, Family and Small Business segment increased 1.0 million, or 1 , in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily attributable to a 2.0 million increase in commission revenue. The increase in commission revenue from Individual, Family and Small Business segment was primarily due to an increase in commission revenue from members approved during the period of 3.1 million, partially offset by net adjustment revenue of 30.2 million in 2021 compared to net adjustment revenue of 33.1 million in 2020. The net adjustment revenue in 2021 was due to stronger retention rates for earlier period cohorts of certain products on our latest LTV assessment. 

Segment Profit (Loss) 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 Our Medicare segment loss was 9.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 2.2 million or 18 , compared to 2021 segment loss of 12.1 million. This was driven by a 111.7 million decrease in operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, impairment, restructuring and other charges, and other income (expense), offset by a 109.5 million decrease in revenue. The decrease in operating expenses was mostly attributable to impacts from our transformation initiatives in 2022. 
 
 Our Individual, Family and Small Business segment profit was 21.4 million in 2022, a decrease of 24.3 million, or 53 , compared to 2021. The decrease was driven by a 23.3 million decrease in revenue and a 1.0 million increase in operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, impairment, restructuring and other charges, and other income (expense). 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 Our Medicare segment loss was 12.1 million in 2021 compared to segment profit of 108.8 million in 2020. This was primarily due to a 75.3 million increase in operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, impairment, restructuring and other charges, and amortization of intangible assets and a 45.5 million decrease in revenue. The increase in operating expenses was mostly attributable to increases in marketing costs and customer care and enrollment costs as we continued to invest in telesales capacity, internal agent counts, agent productivity tools and incentives, customer engagement and retention initiatives, and enhancements to our technology platform. Our Medicare segment profit 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 (loss) was negatively impacted by the underperformance of our internal agent force and certain of our marketing channels during the fourth quarter 2021 annual enrollment period. 
 
 Our Individual, Family and Small Business segment profit was 45.7 million in 2021, an increase of 5.4 million, or 13 , compared to 2020. The increase was primarily driven by a 4.4 million decrease in operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, impairment, restructuring and other charges, and amortization of intangible assets, and a 1.0 million increase in revenue. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 Our material cash requirements include our operating leases and service and licensing obligations. See Note 10 Leases in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the details of our operating lease obligations. We have entered into service and licensing agreements with third party vendors to provide various services, including network access, equipment maintenance and software licensing. The terms of these services and licensing agreements are generally up to three years. We record the related service and licensing expenses on a straight-line basis, although actual cash payment obligations under certain of these agreements fluctuate over the terms of the agreements. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Short-term obligations were 8.6 million for leases and 7.8 million for service and licensing as of December 31, 2022. Long-term obligations were 39.4 million for leases and 2.7 million for service and licensing as of December 31, 2022. We expect to fund these obligations through our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our enrollment volume, membership, retention rates, telesales conversion rates, and our level of investment in technology and content, marketing and advertising, customer care and enrollment, and other initiatives. In addition, our cash position could be impacted by the level of investments we make to pursue our strategy. To the extent that available funds are insufficient to fund our future activities or to execute our financial strategy, we may raise additional capital through bank debt, or public or private equity or debt financing to the extent such funding sources are available. We have begun implementing a multi-year transformation plan to right-size our cost structure and drive future profitability. This plan has incorporated different operational and cost savings initiatives, including a reduction in vendor-related spend outside of mission critical areas, a reduction of our real-estate footprint as we decided to become a remote first workplace, and a targeted workforce reduction implemented during 2022. These reductions could adversely impact the growth of membership and revenue. 
 
 We believe our current cash and cash equivalents, including the proceeds from the term loan we obtained on February 28, 2022 under our credit agreement with Blue Torch Finance, LLC and expected cash collections will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least 12 months after the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 144,401 81,926 Short-term marketable securities 41,306 Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities 144,401 123,232 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 144.4 million and 81.9 million, respectively. Cash equivalents, which are comprised of financial instruments with an original maturity of 90 days or less from the date of purchase, primarily consist of money market funds. The increase in cash and cash equivalents reflects 63.8 million of net cash provided by financing activities and 25.9 million of net cash provided by investing activities, partially offset by 26.9 million of net cash used in operating activities. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Our cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (26,869) (162,622) (107,860) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 25,861 (12,631) (73,283) Net cash provided by financing activities 63,838 213,241 201,249 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities primarily consists of net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash items, including deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of intangible assets and internally developed software, other non-cash items, and the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 
 Collection of commissions receivable depends upon the timing of our receipt of commission payments and associated commission reports from health insurance carriers. If we were to experience a delay in receiving a commission payment from a health insurance carrier within a quarter, our operating cash flows for that quarter could be adversely impacted. 
 
 While we recognize constrained LTV as revenue at the time applications are approved, our collection of the cash commissions resulting from approved applications generally occurs over a number of years. The expense associated with approved applications, however, is generally incurred at the time of enrollment. As a result, the net cash flow resulting from approved applications is generally negative in the period of revenue recognition and generally becomes positive over the lifetime of the member. In periods of membership growth, cash receipts associated with new and continuing members may be less than the cash outlays to acquire new members. 
 
 A significant portion of our marketing and advertising expense is directly correlated with the number of health insurance applications submitted on our ecommerce platforms. Since our marketing and advertising costs are expensed and generally paid as incurred, and since commission revenue is recognized upon approval of a member but commission payments are paid to us over time, our operating cash flows could be adversely impacted by a substantial increase in the volume of applications submitted during a quarter or positively impacted by a substantial decline in the volume of applications submitted during a quarter. During the Medicare annual enrollment period that takes place during the last quarter of each year and the reintroduced Medicare Advantage open enrollment period in the first quarter of the year, we experience an increase in the number of submitted Medicare-related health insurance applications and marketing and advertising expenses compared to outside of these annual enrollment periods. Similarly, during the open enrollment period for individual and family health insurance plans which typically takes place during the fourth quarter of each year, we experience an increase in the number of submitted individual and family plan health insurance applications and marketing and advertising expenses compared to outside of open enrollment periods. The timing of open enrollment periods for individual and family health insurance plans, the Medicare annual enrollment period and the open enrollment period for Medicare-related health insurance can positively or negatively affect our cash flows during each quarter. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net cash used in operating activities was 26.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by a net loss of 88.7 million, partially offset by changes in net operating assets and liabilities of 24.7 million and adjustments for non-cash items of 37.2 million. Cash from changes in net operating assets and liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of increases of 23.8 million in contract assets commissions receivable, 13.5 million in prepaid expenses and 4.2 million in accrued compensation and benefits, partially offset by decreases of 12.6 million in accrued marketing expenses and 7.0 million in accounts payables. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of 20.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, 17.3 million of amortization of internally-developed software, and 12.1 million of impairment charges on right-of use assets and associated property, plant and equipment write-offs, partially offset by a 18.4 million decrease in deferred income taxes. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash used in operating activities was 162.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by changes in net operating assets and liabilities of 136.3 million and a net loss of 104.4 million, partly offset by adjustments for non-cash items of 78.0 million. Cash used from changes in net operating assets and liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of an increase of 116.0 million in contract assets commissions receivable, a decrease of 23.1 million in accounts payables, an increase of 7.9 million in prepaid expenses, and a decrease of 4.1 million in accrued compensation and benefits, partially offset by increases of 18.6 million in accrued marketing expenses. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of 32.9 million of stock-based compensation expense, 12.9 million of amortization of internally-developed software, and 0.5 million of amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a 21.5 million decline in deferred income taxes. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net cash used in operating activities was 107.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily driven by changes in net operating assets and liabilities of 201.3 million, partially offset by net income of 45.5 million and adjustments for non-cash items of 48.0 million. Cash used from changes in net operating assets and liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily consisted of an increase of 205.2 million in contract assets commissions receivable, a decrease of 9.0 million in accrued compensation and benefits, an increase of 6.2 million in prepaid expenses and other assets and a decrease of 2.3 million in deferred revenue, partially offset by increases of 12.3 million in accounts payable, 5.7 million in accrued marketing expenses, and 2.8 million in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of 25.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, 8.8 million change in deferred income taxes, 7.8 million of amortization of internally-developed software, and 1.5 million of amortization of intangible assets. 

Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities primarily consist of purchases and redemption of marketable securities, purchases of computer hardware and software to enhance our website and customer care operations, leasehold improvements related to facilities expansion, capitalized internal-use software and security deposit payments. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net cash provided by investing activities of 25.9 million during 2022 mainly consisted of 49.8 million of proceeds from redemption and maturities of marketable securities, offset by 15.3 million of capitalized internal-use software and website development costs and 8.4 million used to purchase marketable securities. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash used in investing activities of 12.6 million during 2021 mainly consisted of 103.1 million used to purchase marketable securities, 17.0 million of capitalized internal-use software and website development costs, and 3.9 million used to purchase property and equipment and other assets, partially offset by 111.3 million of proceeds from redemption and maturities of marketable securities. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net cash used in investing activities of 73.3 million during 2020 mainly consisted of 180.5 million used to purchase marketable securities, 16.0 million of capitalized internal-use software and website development costs, and 7.8 million used to purchase property and equipment and other assets, partially offset by 131.0 million of proceeds from redemption and maturities of marketable securities. 

Financing Activities 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net cash provided by financing activities of 63.8 million during 2022 was primarily attributable to 64.9 million of net proceeds from debt financing and 2.2 million of net proceeds from exercises of common stock options, partially offset by 3.1 million of cash used for share repurchases to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash provided by financing activities of 213.2 million during 2021 was primarily attributable to 214.0 million proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs and 8.7 million of net proceeds from exercise of common stock options, partially offset by 9.3 million of cash used for share repurchases to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net cash provided by financing activities of 201.2 million during 2020 was primarily attributable to 228.0 million proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs and 1.9 million of net proceeds from exercise of common stock options, partially offset by 19.8 million cash used for share repurchases to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations and 8.8 million of acquisition-related contingent consideration payments. 
 
 See Note 5 Equity and Note 6 Convertible Preferred Stock in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our equity offering in 2020 and our preferred stock transaction in 2021, respectively . We also had 3.2 million in restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 1.7 million and 1.3 million shares held in treasury stock, respectively, that were shares repurchased to satisfy tax withholding obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a total of 12.4 million and 12.0 million shares held in treasury stock, respectively, including 10.7 million shares previously repurchased. 

Common Stock Issuance 
 
 In March 2020, we entered into an underwriting agreement to issue and sell a total of 2,070,000 shares of common stock, which total included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase 270,000 additional shares of common stock, at a price to the public of 115.00 per share. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately 228.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and expenses of the offering. 

Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On April 30, 2021 (the "Closing Date"), we issued and sold 2,250,000 shares of our newly designated Series A preferred stock at an aggregate purchase price of 225.0 million to Echelon Health SPV, LP ("H.I.G."), at a price of 100 (the Stated Value per share of Series A preferred stock) per share (the "Private Placement"). We received 214.0 million net proceeds from the Private Placement with H.I.G., net of sales commissions and certain transaction fees. 
 
 Dividends on our outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock accrue daily at 8 per annum on the Stated Value per share and compound semiannually, payable in kind until April 30, 2023, which is the second anniversary of the Closing Date on June 30, and December 31 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2021, and will thereafter be 6 payable in kind and 2 payable in cash in arrears on June 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2023 (each, a Cash Dividend Payment Date ). Dividends payable in kind will be cumulative. The Series A preferred stock also participates, on an as-converted basis (without regard to conversion limitations) in all dividends paid to the holders of our common stock. If we fail to declare and pay full cash dividend payments as required by the certificate of designations for the Series A preferred stock for two consecutive Cash Dividend Payment Dates, the cash dividend rate then in effect shall increase one time by 2 , retroactive to the first day of the semiannual period immediately preceding the first Cash Dividend Payment Date at which we failed to pay such accrued cash dividends, until such failure to pay full cash dividends is cured (at which time the dividend rate shall return to the rate prior to such increase). The dividend rights of the Series A preferred stock are senior to all of our other equity securities. 
 
 Beginning on April 30, 2027, which is the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, each holder of Series A preferred stock will have the right to require us to redeem all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock for cash at a price calculated as set forth in the certificate of designations. In addition, upon certain change of control events, holders of Series A preferred stock can require us, subject to certain exceptions, to repurchase any or all of their Series A preferred stock. See Note 6 Convertible Preferred Stock of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 
 We entered into a Credit Agreement with Blue Torch Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders party thereto in February 2022 (the "Original Credit Agreement") and entered into an amendment (the "Amendment") to the Original Credit Agreement in August 2022 (as amended by the Amendment, the "Credit Agreement"). The Credit Agreement provides for a 70.0 million secured term loan credit facility, which term loans were made available to us on February 28, 2022. We terminated our credit agreement with Royal Bank of Canada ("RBC"), pursuant to which we had an up to 75 million revolving credit facility in connection with our receiving the loan under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. The Amendment replaced the LIBOR-based Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) with Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Amendment) as a reference rate for loans under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The proceeds of the loans under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, to refinance our credit agreement with RBC and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement. The Original Credit Agreement bore interest, at our option, at either a rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") for the applicable interest period or a base rate, in each case plus a margin. The base rate is the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50 and one month adjusted LIBOR plus 1.0 . The margin is 7.50 for LIBOR loans and 6.50 for base rate loans. After the Amendment, the loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at our option, at either a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR or a base rate, in each case plus a margin. The base rate is the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50 and three-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.00 . The margin is 7.50 for Adjusted Term SOFR loans and 6.50 for base rate loans. 
 
 Furthermore, as part of the Credit Agreement, we incur a 0.3 million fee per annum, payable annually. The outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement are payable in full on the maturity date. The Credit Agreement matures in February of 2025. We have the right to prepay the loans under the Credit Agreement in whole or in part at any time, subject, in the case of certain mandatory prepayments or any voluntary prepayment of the loans under the Credit Agreement after February 28, 2023, to an exit fee. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our material domestic subsidiaries and substantially all of our assets and the assets of such guarantors, in each case, subject to customary exclusions. We are obligated to pay administration fees in connection with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 66.1 million outstanding principal amount under our Credit Agreement, net of closing costs. See Note 12 Debt in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding our previously terminated credit agreement with RBC and additional information regarding the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 See Item 1, Business Seasonality for information regarding seasonal impacts on our business and financial condition and results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future consolidated results of comprehensive income (loss) may be affected. 
 
 Among our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgments and complexity: 
 
 Revenue recognition and contract assets - commission receivable; 
 Stock-based compensation; and 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for income taxes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates. 

Revenue Recognition and Contract Assets - Commission Receivable 
 
 Commission Revenue Our commission revenue results from approval of an application from health insurance carriers, which we define as our customers under ASC 606. Our commission revenue is primarily comprised of commissions from health insurance carriers which is computed using the estimated constrained lifetime values as the constrained LTVs of commission payments that we expect to receive. Our commissions include regular payments with respect to administrative services we perform. Our Medicare Supplement plan commissions include certain bonus payments, which are generally based on our attaining predetermined target sales levels or other objectives, as determined by the health insurance carriers. 
 
 We estimate commission revenue for each insurance product by using a portfolio approach to a group of approved members by plan type and the effective month of the relevant plan, which we refer to as cohorts . We estimate the commissions we expect to collect for each approved member cohort by evaluating various factors, including but not limited to, commission rates, carrier mix, estimated average plan duration, the regulatory environment, and cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which we have a relationship. Contract assets - commissions receivable represent the variable consideration for policies that have not renewed yet and therefore are subject to the same assumptions, judgements and estimates used when recognizing revenue as noted above. 
 
 For Medicare-related, individual and family and ancillary health insurance plans, our services are complete once a submitted application is approved by the relevant health insurance carrier. Accordingly, we recognize commission revenue based upon the total estimated lifetime commissions we expect to receive for selling the plan after the carrier approves an application, net of an estimated constraint. We refer to these as estimated and constrained LTVs for the plan. We provide annual services in selling and renewing small business health insurance plans; therefore, we recognize small business health insurance plan commission revenue at the time the plan is approved by the carrier, and when it renews each year thereafter, equal to the estimated commissions we expect to collect from the plan over the following 12 months. Our estimate of commission revenue for each product line is based on a number of assumptions, which include, but are not limited to, estimating conversion of an approved member to a paying member, forecasting average plan duration and forecasting the commission amounts likely to be received per member. These assumptions are based on our analysis of historical trends for the different cohorts and incorporate management s judgment in interpreting those trends to apply the constraints discussed below. The estimated average plan duration used to calculate Medicare health insurance plan LTVs historically has been approximately 3-5 years, while the estimated average plan duration used to calculate the LTV for major medical individual and family health insurance plans historically has been approximately 1.5 to 2 years. To the extent we make changes to the assumptions we use to calculate constrained LTVs, we recognize any material impact of the changes to commission revenue in the reporting period in which the change is made, including revisions of estimated lifetime commissions either below or in excess of previously estimated constrained LTV recognized as revenue. 
 
 We recognize revenue for members approved during the period by applying the latest estimated constrained LTV for that product. We recognize adjustment revenue for members approved in prior periods when our cash collections are different from the estimated constrained LTVs. Adjustment revenue is a result of a change in estimate of expected cash collections when actual cash collections have indicated a trend that is different from the estimated constrained LTV for the revenue recognized at the time of approval. Adjustment revenue can be positive or negative and we recognize adjustment revenue when we do not believe there is a probable reversal. We assess the risk of reversal based on statistical analysis given historical information and consideration of the constraints used at the time of approval. 
 
 Adjustment revenue can have a significant favorable or unfavorable impact on our revenue and we seek to enhance our LTV estimation models to improve the accuracy and to reduce the fluctuations of our LTV estimates. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Other Revenue Sponsorship, Advertising and Other Services Our sponsorship and advertising program allows carriers to purchase non-Medicare advertising space in specific markets in a sponsorship area on our website. In return, we are typically paid a fee, which is recognized over the period that advertising is displayed, and often a performance fee based on metrics such as submitted health insurance applications, which is recognized when control has been transferred. We also offer Medicare plan related advertising and other services, which include website development, hosting and maintenance. In these instances, we are typically paid a fixed, up-front fee, which we recognize as revenue as the service is rendered ratably over the service period. 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 We recognize stock-based compensation expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) based on the fair value of our stock-based awards over their respective requisite service periods, typically the vesting period, which is generally four years for service-based awards or the one-year anniversary of achieving performance criteria for performance and market-based awards. The estimated attainment of performance-based awards and related expense is based on the achievement of certain financial targets over a predetermined performance period, subject to the discretion of the Company's compensation committee. The estimated fair value of performance awards with market conditions is determined using the Monte-Carlo simulation model. The estimated grant date fair value of our stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model and a single option award approach. The weighted-average expected term for stock options granted is calculated using historical option exercise behavior. The dividend yield is determined by dividing the expected per share dividend during the coming year by the grant date stock price. Through December 31, 2022, we had not declared or paid any cash dividends to common stockholders, and we do not expect to pay any in the foreseeable future. We base the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term of our stock options. Expected volatility is determined using a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options in our stock and historical volatility of our stock price. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based payment awards and expected attainment of performance-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected term and volatility related to our own stock-based awards on a prospective basis, and incorporating these factors into the model. Changes in key assumptions could significantly impact the valuation of such instruments. 

Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 We account for income taxes using the liability method. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 
 
 Since tax laws and financial accounting standards differ in their recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, differences arise between the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year and between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in our financial statements. Because we assume that the reported amounts of assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively, a difference between the tax basis of an asset or a liability and its reported amount in the balance sheet will result in a taxable or a deductible amount in some future years when the related liabilities are settled or the reported amounts of the assets are recovered, which gives rise to a deferred tax asset or liability. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery does not meet the more likely than not criteria, we must establish a valuation allowance. Management judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. 
 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes. This process involves estimating our actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences that may result in deferred tax assets. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon several factors, including the likelihood and amount, if any, of future taxable income in relevant jurisdictions during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We forecast taxable income by considering all available positive and negative evidence, including our history of operating income and losses and our financial plans and estimates that we use to manage the business. These assumptions require significant judgment about future taxable income. As a result, the amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income change. 
 
 Future changes in various factors, such as the amount of stock-based compensation we record during the period and the related tax benefit we realize upon the exercise of employee stock options, potential limitations on the use of our federal and state net operating loss credit carry forwards, pending or future tax law changes including rate changes and the tax benefit from or limitations on our ability to utilize research and development credits, the amount of non-deductible lobbying and acquisition-related costs, changes in our valuation allowance and state and foreign taxes, would impact our estimates, and as a result, could affect our effective tax rate and the amount of income tax expense we record, and pay, in future periods. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the recently issued accounting standards that could have an effect on us. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk principally consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, and contract assets commission receivable. 
 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and restricted cash are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents (1) (2) 
 144,401 81,926 Short-term marketable securities (2) 
 41,306 Restricted cash 3,239 3,239 Total cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and restricted cash 147,640 126,471 
 _______ 
 
 (1) We deposit our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with major banks and financial institutions and such deposits are in excess of federally insured limits. We also have deposits with a major bank in China that are denominated in both U.S. dollars and Chinese Yuan Renminbi and are not insured by the U.S. federal government. 
 
 (2) See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 
 Our portfolio of available-for-sale debt securities is exposed to credit and interest rate risk. See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our available-for-sale debt securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our net contract assets commissions receivable balance was 884.3 million. Our contracts with carriers expose us to credit risk that a financial loss could be incurred if the counterparty does not fulfill its financial obligation. While we are exposed to credit losses due to the non-performance of our counterparties, we consider the risk of this remote. We estimate our maximum credit risk in determining the contract assets commissions receivable balance recognized on the balance sheet. We had allowances for credit losses of 
 72 

Tab le of Contents 

 2.4 million and 2.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our total contract assets and accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Contract assets commissions receivable current 242,749 254,821 Contract assets commissions receivable non-current 641,555 653,441 Accounts receivable 2,633 5,750 Total contract assets and accounts receivable 886,937 914,012 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Substantially all of our revenue has been derived from transactions denominated in United States Dollars. We have exposure to adverse changes in exchange rates associated with operating expenses of our foreign operations, which are denominated in Chinese Yuan Renminbi. Foreign currency fluctuations have not had a material impact historically on our results of operations; however, they may in the future. We have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging or other derivative transactions to date. 
 73 

Tab le of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 75 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 80 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 81 

74 

Tab le of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of eHealth, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of eHealth, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 75 

Tab le of Contents 

 Revenue recognition: Estimated constrained lifetime value of commission revenue 
 Description of the Matter The Company recognized commission revenue of approximately 361.2 million in 2022 and related commissions receivable were approximately 884.3 million at December 31, 2022. As described in Notes 1 and 2 to its consolidated financial statements, the Company s commission revenue is recognized as the amount of the total estimated lifetime value LTV of the commissions expected to be received when a member obtains a plan through the Company and is approved by a carrier. 
 Auditing management s determination of the LTV of commission revenue was especially complex and highly judgmental due to the complexity of the models used and the subjectivity required by the Company to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows, calculate the amount of commission revenue that is probable of not being reversed, and determine the timing and amount of any adjustment revenue that results from changes in the estimates of previously recorded LTV. The Company utilizes statistical tools and methodologies to estimate member attrition, which is a key driver when estimating the amount and timing of future cash flows and can be particularly volatile during the first several years. To determine the initial constraint to be applied to LTV, the Company evaluates the difference between prior estimates of LTV and actual cash received and applies judgment to determine the constraint to apply. For the ongoing evaluation of the constraint, the Company also analyzes whether circumstances have changed and considers any known or potential modifications to the inputs into LTV and the factors that can impact the amount of cash expected to be collected in future periods such as commission rates, carrier mix, estimated average plan duration, changes in laws and regulations, and cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which the Company has a relationship. The Company also compares actual versus expected cash collections of previously recorded LTV and assesses qualitative and quantitative factors to determine whether adjustment revenue should be recognized and, if so, the amount and timing of such. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and LTV. These processes and controls include those covering the models and methods used to calculate LTV, the use of management judgment to determine the constraint applied to LTV, management s evaluation of any required adjustments to previously recorded LTV estimates, and the completeness and accuracy of the data used in such estimates and calculations. 
 Our audit procedures also included, among others, evaluating the methodology used and significant assumptions discussed above, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our testing of the estimated average plan duration, which includes member attrition assumptions, including performing certain corroborative calculations. We inspected and compared the results of the Company s retrospective review analysis of historical estimates for certain plan effective years to historical cash collection experience, including reperforming the calculations and validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used. In addition, we performed inquiries of key personnel regarding their evaluation of changes to LTV, the adjustments made to the constraint for current and expected future economic conditions, and any decisions on the timing and amount of adjustment revenue recognized. We also reviewed analyst reports, press releases, and other relevant third-party and/or industry trends data for contrary evidence including competitor data. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 76 

Tab le of Contents 

 EHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Accounts receivable Contract assets commissions receivable current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Contract assets commissions receivable non-current Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued marketing expenses Lease liabilities current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes non-current Lease liabilities non-current Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Convertible preferred stock, par value per share; issued and outstanding as of December 31,2022 and 2021 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, other than convertible preferred stock; authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share; authorized; and issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Tab le of Contents 

 EHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Commission Other Total revenue Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenue Marketing and advertising Customer care and enrollment Technology and content General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Impairment, restructuring and other charges Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Paid-in-kind dividends for preferred stock ) ) Change in preferred stock redemption value ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of shares used in per share amounts: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Unrealized holding gain (loss) on available for sale debt securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Tab le of Contents 

 EHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect from the adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans Repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations ) ) Shares issued in equity offering Settlement of earnout liability Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net Income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans Repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations ) ) Paid-in-kind dividend and accretion related to convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase program Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans Repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations ) ) Paid-in-kind dividend and accretion related to convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase program Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

Tab le of Contents 

 EHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of internally developed software Amortization of intangible assets Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment charges Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Contract assets commissions receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Accrued marketing expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities: Capitalized internal-use software and website development costs ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment and other assets ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption and maturities of marketable securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Net proceeds from debt financing Net proceeds from exercise of common stock options and employee stock purchases Repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations ) ) ) Acquisition-related contingent payments ) Principal payments in connection with leases ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flows Cash paid for interest Cash refunds from (payments for) income taxes, net 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 
 health insurance carriers across all states and the District of Columbia. Our plan recommendation tool curates this broad plan selection by analyzing customer health-related information against plan data for insurance coverage fit. This tool is supported by a unified data platform and is available to our ecommerce customers and our licensed agents. We strive to be the most trusted partner to the consumer in their life's journey through the health insurance market. 

Subsequent to the issuance of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified certain errors, including a million under-recognition of stock-based compensation expense and a million over-recognition of licensing costs for the year ended December 31, 2020. We adjusted for these items in the first quarter of 2021 and the adjustments increased our net loss by approximately million, or per basic and diluted share, in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended March 31, 2021. These items also increased our net loss by approximately million, or per basic and diluted share, on our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. We evaluated the effects of these out-of-period adjustments, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and concluded that the errors and the correction thereof were immaterial both individually and in the aggregate to the current reporting period and the periods in which they originated, including quarterly reporting. 
 
 operating segments: 
 
 Medicare; and 
 Individual, Family and Small Business 
 
 The Medicare segment consists primarily of commissions earned from our sale of Medicare-related health insurance plans, including Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, and to a lesser extent, ancillary products sold to our Medicare-eligible customers, including but not limited to, dental and vision insurance, as well as our advertising program that allows Medicare-related carriers to purchase advertising on a separate website developed, hosted and maintained by us or pursuant to which we perform other services as marketing and our delivery and sale to third parties of Medicare-related health insurance leads generated by our ecommerce platforms and our marketing activities. 
 
 The Individual, Family and Small Business segment consists primarily of commissions earned from our sale of individual and family and small business health insurance plans and ancillary products sold to our non-Medicare-eligible customers, including but not limited to, dental, vision, short term disability and long term disability insurance. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 operating segments and are presented as a reconciling item to our consolidated financial results. 
 
 Segment profit is calculated as total revenue for the applicable segment less direct and allocated marketing and advertising, customer care and enrollment, technology and content and general and administrative operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, amortization of intangible assets and impairment, restructuring and other charges. 

to years Office equipment and furniture years Leasehold improvements to years 
 _______ 

See Note 3 Supplemental Financial Statement Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our property and equipment. 

82 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 segments, (1) Medicare and (2) Individual, Family and Small Business. All of our goodwill resulting from our prior business combinations was allocated to the Medicare segment. Goodwill and intangible assets are considered non-financial assets and therefore, subsequent to their initial recognition are not revalued at fair value each reporting period unless an impairment charge is recognized. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, we performed a goodwill impairment assessment, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of our Medicare segment was below the carrying value primarily due to the change in our market valuation at the time and financial performance and recorded a million impairment of our goodwill, which was recognized in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). As a result of this impairment, we had goodwill balance on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at either December 31, 2021 and 2022. There was goodwill impairment identified for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 We must make subjective judgments in determining the independent cash flows that can be related to specific asset groupings. In addition, we must make subjective judgments regarding the remaining useful lives of assets with finite useful lives. When we determine that the useful life of an asset is shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets new, remaining useful life. 
 
 Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential reduction in their fair values below their respective carrying amounts. Intangible assets with finite useful lives, which include purchased technology, pharmacy and customer relationships, trade names, and certain trademarks, are amortized over their estimated useful lives. See Note 3 Supplemental Financial Statement Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our intangible assets and related impairment. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , and of our total commission revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the estimated average plan duration, which is the average length of time paying members are active on their plans, used to calculate Medicare health insurance plan LTVs historically has been approximately years for Medicare Advantage plans, and approximately to years for both Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. While the average plan duration has been approximately years for Medicare Advantage plans, certain members may have a duration of up to approximately years. The estimated average plan duration used to calculate the LTV for major medical individual and family health insurance plans historically has been approximately to years. For short term health insurance plan LTVs, the estimated average plan duration has been approximately . For all other ancillary health insurance plan LTVs, the estimated average plan duration has historically varied from to years. 
 
 Constraints are applied to LTV for revenue recognition purposes to help ensure that the total estimated lifetime commissions expected to be collected for an approved member s plan are recognized as revenue only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with future commissions receivable from the plan is subsequently resolved. Significant judgment can be involved in determining the constraint. To determine the constraints to be applied to LTV, we compare prior calculations of LTV to actual cash received and review the reasons for any variations. We then apply judgment in assessing whether the difference between historical cash collections and LTV is representative of differences that can be expected in future periods. We also analyze whether circumstances have changed and consider any known or potential modifications to the inputs into LTV in light of the factors that can impact the amount of cash expected to be collected in future periods, including but not limited to commission rates, carrier mix, plan duration, cancellations of insurance plans offered by health insurance carriers with which we have a relationship, changes in laws and regulations, and changes in the economic environment. We evaluate the appropriateness of our constraints on an annual basis, at least, and update our assumptions when we observe a sufficient amount of evidence that would suggest that the long-term expectation underlying the assumptions has changed. 
 
 We re-compute LTVs for all outstanding cohorts on a quarterly basis. We continually review and monitor changes in the data used to estimate LTV and compare the cash received for each cohort to our original estimates at the time of approval. The fluctuations of cash received for each cohort as compared to our estimates and the fluctuations in LTV can be significant and may or may not be indicative of the need to adjust revenue for prior period cohorts. Changes in LTV may result in an increase or a decrease to revenue and a corresponding increase or decrease to contract assets commissions receivable. We analyze these fluctuations and, to the extent we see changes in our estimates of the cash commission collections that we believe are indicative of an increase or decrease to prior period LTVs, we adjust revenue for the affected cohorts at the time such determination is made and when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. As we accumulate more historical data, we continue to enhance our LTV estimation models using statistical tools to increase the accuracy of LTV estimates with an emphasis on improving member attrition forecasting. The 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 85 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Our direct channel expenses primarily consist of costs for direct mail, email marketing, online marketing and television and radio advertising. Advertising costs for our direct channel are expensed the first time the related advertising takes place. Our marketing partner channel expenses primarily consist of fees paid to marketing partners with which we have a relationship. Our online advertising channel expenses primarily consist of paid keyword search advertising on search engines and retargeting campaigns. Advertising costs for our marketing partner channel and our online advertising channel are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Research and development costs, which totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in technology and content expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 years. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we capitalized internal-use software and website development costs of million, million and million respectively, and recorded amortization expense of million, million, and million, respectively. Capitalized internal-use software and website development costs are included in Other Assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 5 - Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of stock-based compensation capitalized for internal-use software. 
 
 for service-based awards or the anniversary of achieving performance criteria for performance and market-based awards. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 . The estimated grant date fair value of our stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and a single option award approach. The weighted-average expected term for stock options granted is calculated using historical option exercise behavior. The dividend yield is determined by dividing the expected per share dividend during the coming year by the grant date stock price. Through December 31, 2022, we had not declared or paid any cash dividends to common stockholders. We base the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term of our stock options. Expected volatility is determined using a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options in our stock and historical volatility of our stock price. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units. Our restricted stock units have consisted of service, performance and market-based awards and each represents a contingent right to receive a share of our common stock upon predetermined criteria. The fair value for service and performance based restricted stock units is estimated on the date of grant based on the current market price of our common shares. Our market-based restricted stock units are contingent upon the attainment of certain stock prices generally over a performance period. These awards generally vest on the one-year anniversary of the date of achievement, subject to the employee s continued service through the vesting date. The grant date fair value of market-based restricted stock awards is determined using the Monte-Carlo simulation model and requires the input of subjective assumptions. The weighted-average expected term is based on the likelihood of achievement using historical behavior. The dividend yield is based on our dividend payment history and expectation of future dividend payments. Through December 31, 2022, we had not declared or paid any cash dividends to common stockholders. We base the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the length of the remaining performance period. Expected volatility is determined using a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options in our stock and historical volatility of our stock price. 
 
 The estimated attainment of performance-based awards and related expense is based on the achievement of certain financial targets over a predetermined performance period, subject to continued service through the vesting date and ultimately are subject to the discretion of the Company s compensation committee. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based payment awards and expected attainment of performance-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected term and volatility related to our own stock-based awards on a prospective basis and incorporating these factors into the model. Changes in key assumptions could significantly impact the valuation of such instruments. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of their salary, subject to applicable annual Internal Revenue Code limits and are permitted to make both pre-tax and after-tax contributions. Employee contributions are fully vested when contributed. We contribute a maximum of of the first of compensation a participant contributes to the 401(k) Plan, which vests immediately. Our matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan are discretionary and are expensed as incurred. We recognized expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to 401(k) matching contributions. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 2 

Medicare Supplement Medicare Part D Total Medicare Individual and Family (1) 
 Non-Qualified Health Plans Qualified Health Plans Total Individual and Family Ancillary Short-term Dental Vision Other Total Ancillary Small Business Commission Bonus and Other Total Commission Revenue Other Revenue Sponsorship and Advertising Revenue Other Total Other Revenue Total Revenue 
 _______ 
 
 (1) 
 
 Commission Revenue 
 
 Since the adoption of ASC 606, we have evaluated changes in estimated cash collections and compare these to the initial estimates of LTV at the time of approval. We record adjustment revenue in the period when the risk of significant reversal is not probable and continue to enhance our LTV estimation models to improve the accuracy and to reduce the fluctuations of our LTV estimates. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net Commission Revenue from Members Approved in Prior Periods (1) 
 ) ) Total Medicare Segment Commission Revenue Individual, Family and Small Business Commission Revenue from Members Approved During the Period Commission Revenue from Renewals of Small Business Members during the Period (2) 
 Net Commission Revenue from Members Approved in Prior Periods (1) 
 Total Individual, Family and Small Business Segment Commission Revenue Total Commission Revenue from Members Approved During the Period Commission Revenue from Renewals of Small Business Members During the Period (2) 
 Total Net Commission Revenue from Members Approved in Prior Periods (1)(3) 
 Total Commission Revenue 
 _______ 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) , and per basic share, respectively, or , and per diluted share, respectively. The total reductions to revenue from members approved in prior periods were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These reductions to revenue primarily related to the Medicare segment. 
 
 Enhancement to LTV Estimation Model and Impacts Related to COVID-19 
 
 During 2022, we continued to observe stronger member retention rates in our LTV assessments for the majority of the earlier period cohorts of certain products in our Individual, Family and Small Business segment. Based on our evaluation of the updated LTV models and retention trends, we recognized million of net adjustment revenue for the Individual, Family and Small Business segment for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we evaluated various market factors related to our Medicare segment and recorded a net adjustment of ) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to declines in LTV in all Medicare products. We will continue to monitor our member retention rates as compared to our forecasts and other market factors and evaluate whether any addition or reduction of adjustment revenue shall be recorded as we continue to assess our LTV models in future periods 
 
 During 2021, despite the extension of the COVID-related special enrollment period through August 15, 2021 and an increase in subsidies to certain individuals who purchase qualified health plans, we continued to observe stronger member retention rates in our LTV assessments for the majority of the earlier period cohorts of certain products in our Individual, Family and Small Business segment. We recognized million of net adjustment revenue for the Individual, Family and Small Business segment for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, we evaluated various market factors related to our Medicare segment and recorded a net adjustment of ) million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to decline in LTV of Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million net adjustment for the Individual, Family and Small Business segment and a net adjustment of million related to our Medicare segment for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Note 3 
 
 Cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million of restricted cash which was classified as a non-current asset on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount collateralizes letters of credit related to certain lease commitments. 
 
 Contract Assets and Accounts Receivable 
 
 We do not require collateral or other security for our contract assets and accounts receivable. We believe the potential for collection issues with any of our customers was minimal as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We estimate an allowance for credit losses using relevant available information from internal and external sources, related to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Specifically, for the purpose of measuring the probability of default parameters, we utilize Capital IQ s, Standard Poor s and Moody s analytics. Our estimates of loss given default are determined by using our historical collections data as well as historical information obtained through our research and review of other insurance related companies. Our estimated exposure at default is determined by applying these internal and external data sources to our commission receivable balances. As such, we apply an immediate reversion method and revert to historical loss information when computing our credit loss exposure. Credit loss expenses are assessed quarterly and included in the "General and administrative" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). There were write-offs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Change in allowance Ending balance 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commission revenue from members approved during the period Commission revenue from renewals of small business members during the period Net commission revenue from members approved in prior periods ) Cash receipts ) ) ) Net change in credit loss allowance ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Medicare Segment IFP/SMB Segment Total Beginning balance Commission revenue from members approved during the period Commission revenue from renewals of small business members during the period Net commission revenue from members approved in prior periods ) Cash receipts ) ) ) Net change in credit loss allowance ) ) ) Ending balance 

Credit Risk 
 
 Our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk principally consist of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, contract assets commissions receivable and accounts receivable. We invest our cash and cash equivalents with major banks and financial institutions and, at times, such investments are in excess of federally insured limits. We also have deposits with major banks in China that are denominated in both U.S. dollars and Chinese Yuan Renminbi and are not insured by the U.S. federal government. The deposits in China were million as of December 31, 2022. See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements for more information regarding our marketable securities. 
 
 We do not require collateral or other security for either our contract assets or accounts receivable. 
 UnitedHealthCare (1) 
 Aetna (1) 
 Centene (1) 
 
 _______ 

92 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Prepaid expenses Prepaid insurance Prepaid licenses Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 Office equipment and furniture Leasehold improvements Property and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Additionally, during 2022, we recognized impairment charges of million related to computer equipment, office equipment and furniture and leasehold improvements as a result of our sublease and vacating of certain leased office spaces in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Intangible Assets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our intangible assets subject to amortization had a gross carrying value of million and life-to-date accumulated amortization and impairment charges of million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our indefinite-lived intangible assets had a gross carrying value of million and life-to-date impairment charges of million. We had amortization expense related to intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and amortization expense related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. We recorded million of impairment charges related to our intangible assets in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 11 - Impairment, Restructuring and Other Charges for further discussion on our impairment charge in 2021. 

93 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 4 

Commercial paper Agency bonds Total assets measured at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash equivalents Money market funds Commercial paper Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper Corporate bond Total assets measured at fair value 
 
 We endeavor to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Our money market funds are measured at fair value based on quoted prices in active markets and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Our available for sale marketable securities, which include commercial paper, agency bonds and a corporate bond with maturities of less than one year, are measured at fair value using quoted market prices to the extent available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Our portfolio primarily consisted of financial instruments with a credit rating of A or equivalent by S P Rating and Moody's Investor Services. There were no transfers between the hierarchy levels during either of the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial paper ) Agency bonds Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash equivalents Money market funds Commercial paper ) Short-term marketable securities Commercial paper ) Corporate bond Total ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had and securities in net loss positions, respectively, and their unrealized losses were immaterial individually and in aggregate. We did not record any credit losses regarding our available-for-sale debt securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. We do not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell these securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. 

Note 5 
 
 million shares of common stock, which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase million additional shares of common stock, at a price to the public of per share in March 2020. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and expenses of the offering. We intend to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 
 
 Common Stock On all matters submitted to our stockholders for vote, our common stockholders are entitled to one vote per share, voting together as a single class, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose. Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million shares, respectively, held in treasury. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million shares, respectively, in treasury that were previously surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding due in connection with the vesting of certain restricted stock units as well as million shares previously repurchased under our past repurchase programs. 
 
 For accounting purposes, common stock repurchased under our stock repurchase programs is recorded based upon the settlement date of the applicable trade. Such repurchased shares are held in treasury and are presented using the cost method. 
 
 2020 Employee Share Purchase Plan Our board of directors adopted in March 2020 and our stockholders approved in June 2020 the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). A total of million shares of our common stock are available for sale under the ESPP. Eligible employees can purchase shares of our common stock based on a percentage of their compensation subject to certain limits. The purchase price per share is equal to the lower of of the fair market value of our common stock on the offering date or the purchase date. 
 
 Employees purchased million and million shares of common stock under our ESPP during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. shares of common stock were purchased under our ESPP in 2020. There were million shares remaining for purchase under our ESPP as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Plans On June 12, 2014, upon approval at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan with million shares authorized for issuance. The 2014 Plan does not include an evergreen provision to automatically increase the number of shares available under it, and any increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan requires stockholder approval. Also, under the 2014 Plan the following shares are not recycled for future grant under the 2014 Plan: (i) shares used in connection with the exercise of an option and/or stock appreciation right to pay the exercise price or purchase price of such award or satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations; and (ii) the gross number of shares subject to stock appreciation rights that are exercised. Furthermore, the 2014 Plan included a provision that prohibits repricing of outstanding stock options or stock appreciation rights and formalized and updated procedures to qualify awards as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code in order to preserve full tax deductibility of such awards. Our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2014 Plan to increase the maximum number of shares that may be issued by million shares in 2019 and by million in 2022. The 2014 Plan was further amended on September 29, 2022 to remove certain provisions permitting the Company to provide a reload option (as amended and restated, the "A R 2014 Plan"). 
 
 On September 22, 2021, the Company adopted an inducement plan (the 2021 Inducement Plan ), pursuant to which the Company reserved million shares of its common stock (subject to customary adjustments in the event of a change in capital structure of the Company) to be used exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who were not previously employees or directors of the Company, other than following a bona fide period of non-employment, as an inducement material to the individual's entry into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules Nasdaq Rules ). In March 2022 and September 2022, the Company amended and restated its 2021 Inducement Plan to reserve an additional million and million shares of its common stock, respectively (as amended and restated, the "A R 2021 Inducement Plan"). The 2021 Inducement Plan and its amendments were approved by our board of directors (the "Board") without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Rules, and the terms and conditions of the A R 2021 Inducement Plan and awards to be granted thereunder are substantially similar to our stockholder-approved A R 2014 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, million shares were issued under the A R 2021 Inducement Plan. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted stock units issued and outstanding Shares available for grant Total shares reserved 
 Additional shares authorized Restricted stock units granted (2) 
 ) Restricted stock units cancelled (3) 
 Options cancelled Balance at December 31, 2022 
 _______ 
 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 . 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Common stock options Employee stock purchase program Total stock-based compensation expense Related tax benefit recognized 
 _______ 
 
 . 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Customer care and enrollment Technology and content General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Amount capitalized for internal-use software Total stock-based compensation 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, there was a total of million, million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense capitalized in the internal-use software and website development costs classified under Other assets, which represents a noncash investing activity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unamortized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock options, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unamortized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to restricted stock units, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to our employee stock purchase program, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2020, we made an adjustment to reduce stock-based compensation expense by million related to our performance-based restricted stock awards due to attainment of certain performance goals deemed not probable based on our latest estimates. The impact of this adjustment was and per basic and diluted share, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 _______ 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 n/a Total fair value of options vested Intrinsic value of options exercised 
 
 There were no options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 _______ 
 
 (1) 

Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Weighted-average grant date fair value 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of target and as a result, we have begun recognizing expense for this award. 

Note 6 
 
 shares of our newly designated Series A convertible preferred stock (the Series A preferred stock ), par value per share, at an aggregate purchase price of million. We received million in net proceeds from the private placement with H.I.G., net of sales commissions and certain transaction fees totaling million. The Series A preferred stock ranks senior to all other equity securities of the Company with respect to dividend rights and rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. 
 
 Dividends Dividends initially accrue on the Series A preferred stock daily at per annum on the stated value of per share Stated Value and compound semiannually, payable in kind PIK until the second anniversary of the Closing Date on June 30 and December 31 of each year (each, a Dividend Payment Date ), beginning on June 30, 2021, and thereafter PIK and payable in cash in arrears on June 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2023. PIK dividends are cumulative and are added to the Accrued Value (as defined below). Accrued Value means, as of any date, with respect to any share of Series A preferred stock, the sum of the Stated Value per share plus, on each Dividend Payment Date, on a cumulative basis, all accrued PIK dividends on such shares that have not previously compounded and been added to the Accrued Value. The Series A preferred stock participates, on an as-converted basis in all dividends paid to the holders of our common stock. 
 
 Conversion Rights The Series A preferred stock is convertible at any time into common stock at a conversion rate equal to (i) the Accrued Value plus accrued PIK dividends that have not yet been added to the Accrued Value, (ii) divided by the conversion price as of the applicable conversion date (the Conversion Price ). As of the date of this report, the Conversion Price is equal to per share. This Conversion Price is subject to further adjustment and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock is subject to certain limitations, each as set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Series A preferred stock, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 30, 2021 (the Certificate of Designations ). 
 
 Redemption Put Right At any time on or after the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, holders of the Series A preferred stock will have the right to cause the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock in cash at an amount equal to the greater of (i) of the Accrued Value per share as of the redemption date, plus accrued PIK dividends that have not yet been added to the Accrued Value and (ii) the amount per share that would be payable on an as-converted basis on such Series A preferred stock at the then-current Accrued Value, plus accrued PIK dividends that have not yet been added to the Accrued Value, and in either case of (i) or (ii) plus any unpaid cash dividends that would have otherwise been settled in cash in connection with such conversion (the greater of (i) and (ii), the Redemption Price ). 
 
 Redemption Call Right At any time on or after the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company will have the right (but not the obligation) to redeem out of legally available funds and for cash consideration all (but not less than all) of the Series A preferred stock upon at least days prior written notice at an amount equal to the Redemption Price. 
 
 Board Nomination Rights H.I.G. is entitled to nominate individual for election to our board of directors so long as it continues to own at least of the common stock issuable or issued upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock originally issued to it in the private placement. H.I.G. also has the right to nominate an additional individual to our board of directors if we fail to maintain certain levels of commissions receivable and liquidity as further discussed below. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 vote per share on any matter on which the holders of the Series A preferred stock are entitled to vote separately as a class (subject to certain voting limitations set forth in, and the terms and conditions of, the certificate of designations). 
 
 Mandatory Conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock At any time on or after the third anniversary of the Closing Date, if the volume-weighted average price per share of our common stock is greater than of the then-current Conversion Price for consecutive trading days in a -day trading day period, the Company will have the right to convert all, but not less than all, of the Series A preferred stock into common stock at a conversion rate with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock of (i) the Accrued Value plus accrued PIK dividends that have not yet been added to the Accrued Value, (ii) divided by the then applicable Conversion Price. 
 
 Covenants and Liquidity Requirements As long as H.I.G. continues to own at least of the Series A preferred stock originally issued to it in the private placement, the consent of H.I.G. will be required for the Company to incur certain indebtedness and to take certain other corporate actions as set forth in the Company's investment agreement with H.I.G. entered into on February 17, 2021 (the Investment Agreement ). In addition, the Company is required to maintain an asset coverage ratio (as defined in the Investment Agreement) of at least x, which increases to x thirty months after the date of the Investment Agreement. Additionally, the Investment Agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity amount (as defined in the Investment Agreement) for certain periods that ranges from million to million. If the Company fails to maintain the minimum asset coverage ratio or minimum liquidity amount as of a certain date or for a certain time period required by the Investment Agreement and H.I.G continues to own at least of the Series A preferred stock originally issued to it in the private placement, H.I.G will have the right to nominate an additional director to our board of directors, and the consent of H.I.G. will be required to approve the Company's annual budget, hire or terminate certain key executives, and incur certain indebtedness as specified in the Investment Agreement. H.I.G. will no longer have these additional board nomination and consent rights if the Company is able to satisfy the minimum liquidity amount requirements in the Investment Agreement for any subsequent 12 consecutive months. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the asset coverage ratio and minimum liquidity amounts as required in the Investment Agreement. 
 
 Our Series A preferred stock is considered temporary equity in our consolidated financial statements. We have determined there are no material embedded features that require recognition as a derivative asset or liability. We recognized the Series A preferred stock at its stated amount less issuance costs of million, or million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated Series A preferred stock redemption value equals of the Accrued Value per share as of the redemption date, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, which is significantly in excess of the fair value of the common stock into which the Series A preferred stock is convertible as of December 31, 2022. We have elected to apply the accretion method to adjust the carrying value of the Series A preferred stock to its redemption value at the earliest date of redemption, April 30, 2027. Amounts recognized to accrete the Series A preferred stock to its estimated redemption value are treated as a deemed dividend and are recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. The estimated redemption value will vary in subsequent periods due to the redemption put right described above and we have elected to recognize such changes prospectively. shares of Series A preferred stock have been converted and the Series A preferred stock was convertible into million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Less: issuance costs ) Net proceeds Balance as of Closing Date Accrued paid-in-kind dividends Change in preferred stock redemption value Balance as of December 31, 2021 Accrued paid-in-kind dividends Change in preferred stock redemption value Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Note 7 ) Shares used in per share calculation basic Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share basic ) ) Diluted: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Shares used in per share calculation basic Dilutive effect of common stock Shares used in per share calculation diluted Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share diluted ) ) 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted stock units Common stock options Employee stock purchase program Total 
 _______ 
 . 

Note 8 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million as of December 31, 2020 for amounts we believed to be payable for certain legal proceedings. The accrued amount was settled and paid in January 2021. There were no material additional litigation-related accruals recorded during the years ended or as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following discussion is limited to the Company's material on-going legal proceedings: 
 
 Securities Class Action On April 8, 2020 and April 30, 2020, purported class action lawsuits were filed against the Company, its then-chief executive officer, Scott N. Flanders, its then-chief financial officer, Derek N. Yu ng, and its then-chief operating officer, David K. Francis in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The cases are captioned Patel v. eHealth, Inc., et al., Case No. 5:20-cv-02395 (N.D. Cal.) and Bertrand v. eHealth, Inc. et al., Case No. 4:20-cv-02967 (N.D. Cal.). The complaints allege, among other things, that the Company and Messrs. Flanders, Yung and Francis made materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material information regarding the Company s accounting and modeling assumptions, rate of member churn and the Company s profitability during the alleged class period of March 19, 2018 to April 7, 2020. The complaints allege that the specified defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaints seek compensatory and (in the Patel lawsuit) punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs, and such other relief as the court deems proper. On June 24, 2020, the Court consolidated the above-referenced matters under the caption In re eHealth Securities Litig., Master File No. 4:20-cv-02395-JST (N.D. Cal.). The Court also appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel for the consolidated matter. An Amended Complaint was filed on August 25, 2020, which Defendants moved to dismiss on October 23, 2020. Defendants motion, which Plaintiff opposed, was granted in part and denied in part on August 12, 2021. The Court dismissed Plaintiff s claims to the extent premised upon alleged misrepresentations or omissions relating to churn, but denied Defendant s motion with respect to alleged misstatements regarding purported operating costs. On October 1, 2021, the Company filed an Answer denying in part and admitting in part the remaining allegations, and denying any wrongdoing. On November 11, 2021, Plaintiff s counsel filed a suggestion of death with respect to the lead plaintiff Billy White. Plaintiff s counsel published notice regarding the appointment of a new lead plaintiff on January 17, 2022. On November 9, 2022, the Court appointed Chicago Vicinity Laborers District Council Pension Fund as the new lead plaintiff and approved plaintiff s selection of counsel. On November 29, 2022, the new lead plaintiff and lead plaintiff s counsel filed a supplement to the amended complaint, replacing the names of the prior lead plaintiff and counsel and incorporating new lead plaintiff s previously filed certification. On December 22, 2022, the Company, Mr. Flanders, and Mr. Yung moved for judgment on the pleadings as to the remaining claims. Mr. Francis also moved for judgment on the pleadings the same day, and joined the motion by the Company, Mr. Flanders, and Mr. Yung. The motions for judgment on the pleadings were fully briefed by February 9, 2023, and are scheduled for a hearing on April 13, 2023. 
 
 Derivative Actions On July 7, 2020, a derivative lawsuit captioned Chernet v. Flanders et al., Case No. 3:20-cv-04477-SK (N.D. Cal.) (the Chernet matter) was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On October 13, 2020, a derivative lawsuit captioned Lincolnshire Police Pension Fund v. Flanders et al., Case No. 20CV371555 (Cal. Super. Ct.) (the Lincolnshire matter) was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara. The complaints were brought against the Company's then-chief executive officer, Mr. Flanders, its then-chief financial officer, Mr. Yung, its then-chief operating officer, Mr. Francis, and the then-current members of the Board (collectively, the Individual Defendants ), and name the Company as a nominal 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

105 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 9 
 
 Individual, Family and Small Business Total revenue Segment profit (loss) Medicare (1) 
 ) ) Individual, Family and Small Business (1) 
 Segment profit Corporate ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) ) ) Impairment, restructuring and other charges ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) 
 
 (1) million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) 
 
 There were no inter-segment revenue transactions for the periods presented. With the exception of contract assets commissions receivable, which is presented by segment in Note 3 Supplemental Financial Statement Information, our CODM does not separately evaluate assets by segment, and therefore assets by segment are not presented. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 Our long-lived assets primarily consist of property and equipment and internally-developed software. Our long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic location in which they are located. 
 China Total 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

UnitedHealthcare (1) 
 Aetna (1) 
 Centene (1) 
 
 _______ 

Note 10 

Our leases have remaining lease terms of to years. Certain of these leases have free or escalating rent payment provisions. We recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, although actual cash payment obligations under certain of these agreements fluctuate over the terms of the agreements. Most leases include options to renew, and the exercise of these options is at our discretion. 
 
 In August 2022, we executed and commenced the sublease of our office space located in Santa Clara, California, which will run through the remaining term of the primary lease, March 19, 2029. This sublease is expected to generate approximately million in sublease income over the sublease term. Sublease income is recorded on a straight-line basis as a reduction of lease expense in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Additionally, we have a sublease agreement for our office space in Mountain View, California to sublease to a third party, which commenced in December 2018 and will expire in July 2023. We recorded million, million and million of sublease income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We test right-of-use assets when impairment indicators are present in accordance with the asset impairment provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 360, Property, Plant and Equipment ("ASC 360"). The sublease of our Santa Clara, California office space triggered impairment testing for the underlying right-of-use asset as the expected sublease income is less than the remaining head lease obligation. Furthermore, we became a virtual-first workplace in the third quarter of 2022 and as a result, we vacated a number of our leased office spaces during the fourth quarter of 2022. We evaluated these right-of-use assets, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and computer equipment for impairment under ASC 360. For our impairment tests, we utilized an income approach to value the asset group by performing a discounted cash flow analysis and 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million impairment charge related to operating lease right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment, which was reflected in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 11 Impairment, Restructuring and Other Charges for further discussion about our asset impairment charges. 
 
 Total operating lease expenses were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Non-cash investing activities relating to operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term of operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate used to recognize operating lease right-of-use-assets 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments (1) 
 Less imputed interest ) Total 
 _______ 
 
 (1) Noncancellable sublease rent payments for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and thereafter of million, million, million, million, million, and million, respectively, are not included in the table above. 

108 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 11 
 Restructuring and reorganization charges Goodwill and intangible assets impairment Impairment, restructuring and other charges 
 Restructuring and reorganization charges Payments ) Ending balance 
 
 Asset Impairments 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a non-cash, pre-tax asset impairment charge of million related to the subleasing and vacating of several of our office spaces in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). In the third quarter of 2022, we recorded a million of pre-tax asset impairment charge related to our office space in Santa Clara, California. The charge consisted of million of operating lease right-of-use assets impairment and million of property, plant and equipment impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded an additional million of impairment charges due to vacating a number of our leased office spaces as a result of becoming a remote first workplace. The fourth quarter impairment charge consisted of million of operating lease right-of-use assets impairment and million of property, plant and equipment impairment. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 In the first half of 2022, we eliminated full-time positions, which represented approximately of our workforce, primarily within our customer care and enrollment group, and to a lesser extent, in our marketing and advertising, technology and content, and general and administrative groups, and, as a result, recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of million in the "Impairment, restructuring and other charges" line in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). In the second half of 2022, we incurred pre-tax restructuring charges of million for additional eliminated positions. Substantially all of the restructuring charges have been settled in cash and no equity awards were modified. As of December 31, 2022, the restructuring accrual of million is recorded in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In September 2021, we announced the transition of our chief executive officer. Mr. Scott Flanders resigned as a member of our board of directors and chief executive officer, effective October 31, 2021. We recognized million in severance costs related to his separation in 2021. Stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by a million credit related to forfeited equity awards due to Mr. Flanders' separation, which was included in the "General and administrative" line in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 full-time positions, primarily in the United States, representing approximately of our workforce, primarily within our customer care and enrollment group, and to a lesser extent, in our marketing and advertising, technology and content, and general and administrative groups. Total pre-tax restructuring charges were million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily related to employee termination benefits. Substantially all of the restructuring charges resulted in cash expenditures. The restructuring activities were completed by March 31, 2021. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairments 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we performed an impairment analysis over our goodwill, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our goodwill assessment included a comparison of carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of our Medicare segment was below the carrying value primarily due to the change in our market valuation at the time and financial performance and recorded a million impairment of goodwill to write-off our entire goodwill balance. goodwill impairment was recorded in 2020. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we performed an impairment analysis over our intangible assets. Our impairment of intangible assets assessment included a recoverability test for definite-lived intangible assets and a comparison of carrying value to the estimated fair value. The fair value of our intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 was estimated using a market approach for certain indefinite-lived intangible assets as well as using the expected future cash flow approach for our definite-lived intangible assets. Based our assessment, we determined that the fair value of our Medicare segment was below the carrying value as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance. Therefore, we recorded a million impairment charge on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) related to our intangible assets. intangible asset impairment was identified during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2020. 

Note 12 
 
 million secured term loan credit facility. The proceeds of the loans under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, to refinance our credit agreement with Royal Bank of Canada ("RBC") and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement. The Original Credit Agreement bore interest, at our option, at either a rate based on the LIBOR for the applicable interest period or a base rate, in each case plus a margin. The base rate was the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rates plus and one month adjusted LIBOR plus . The margin was for LIBOR loans and for base rate loans. After the Amendment, the loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at our option, at either a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR or a base rate, in each case plus a margin. The base rate is the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus and three-month Adjusted Term SOFR plus . The margin is for Adjusted Term SOFR loans and for base rate loans. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred interest expense of million. We incurred interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Furthermore, as part of the agreement, we incur a million fee per annum, payable annually. The outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement are payable in full on the maturity date. The Credit Agreement matures in February 2025. We have the right to prepay the loans under the Credit Agreement in whole or in part at any time, subject, in the case of certain mandatory prepayments or any voluntary prepayment of the loans under the Credit Agreement after February 28, 2023, to an exit fee. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our material domestic subsidiaries and substantially all of our assets and the assets of 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million as of the last calendar day of any month. The Credit Agreement also requires that the outstanding amount as of the last calendar day of any month be less than of our total contract assets - commissions receivables (i.e., both current and non-current commissions receivables). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our loan covenants. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we obtained a million secured term loan under our Credit Agreement. We incurred closing costs totaling million, which were recorded as a direct deduction from the face of the loan on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. There was million of unamortized issuance costs as of December 31, 2022. The carrying value of the term loan approximates the fair value, based on Level 2 inputs (observable market prices in less than active markets), as the interest rate is variable over the selected interest period and is similar to current rates at which we can borrow funds. The carrying value of the loan was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On September 17, 2018, we entered into a million credit agreement with RBC as administrative agent and collateral agent and incurred million of issuance costs which were capitalized as part of other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. On December 20, 2019, we amended our revolving credit facility agreement with RBC which increased the borrowing amount from million to million and incurred million of issuance costs which were capitalized as part of other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maturity date was extended to December 20, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining balance of unamortized issuance costs was million and we had outstanding borrowings under our agreement with RBC. During the first quarter of 2022, we terminated our credit agreement with RBC and wrote off our remaining related debt issuance cost of million. We had outstanding borrowings under our agreement with RBC at the time of termination. 

Note 13 ) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) 
 
 State Foreign ) Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign Total deferred ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit Stock-based compensation windfalls, net ) ) ) Non-deductible stock-based compensation ) ) Non-deductible lobbying expenses ) ) Research and development credits ) Changes in valuation allowance ) ) Foreign income tax and income inclusion ) ) ) Goodwill impairment ) Other permanent differences ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, together with operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 Intangible assets Research and development credits carryovers Operating lease liabilities Accruals and reserves Stock-based compensation Fixed assets Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Commissions receivable ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 Assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon several factors, including the likelihood and amount, if any, of future taxable income in relevant jurisdictions during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We forecast taxable income by considering all available positive and negative evidence, including our history of operating income and losses and our financial plans and estimates that we use to manage the business. These assumptions require significant judgment about future taxable income. As a 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million was recorded against California net deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance was recorded as a result of increased uncertainty regarding our future taxable income and a lack of sources of other taxable income to realize our net deferred tax assets in California. The remaining deferred tax assets are supported by the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 ) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 
 
 2034-2037 Net operating losses, federal (without expiration) Indefinite Net operating losses, state (with expiration) 2023-2042 Tax credits, federal 2023-2042 Tax credits, state n/a 
 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership changes that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. These ownership change limitations may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Ending balance 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million, of which million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2021, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million, of which million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 
 
 We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in provision for (benefit from) income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the amount accrued for estimated interest related to uncertain tax positions was immaterial. We did not record an accrual for penalties. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 EHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

114 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Based on management s evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. We reviewed the results of management s assessment with our Audit Committee. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is presented below. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, believes that our disclosure controls and our internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. 

Table of Contents 

 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of eHealth, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited eHealth, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, eHealth, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Mateo, California March 1, 2023 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information concerning our directors, executive officers, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and corporate governance required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees, including our principal executive officer, Francis Soistman, principal financial officer, John Stelben, and all other executive officers. The code of ethics is available on the governance page of our website at ir.ehealthinsurance.com . A copy may also be obtained without charge by contacting investor relations, attention Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, 2625 Augustine Drive, Suite 150, Santa Clara, CA, 95054 or by calling (877) 456-7180. 
 
 We plan to post on our website at the address described above any future amendments or waivers of our Code of Conduct. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Information in response to this Item is included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits 
 
 See Item 15(b) below. 
 
 (b) Exhibits We have filed, or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, the exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule See Item 15(a) above. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 eHealth, Inc. 
 /s/ FRANCIS SOISTMAN /s/ JOHN STELBEN Francis Soistman 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 John Stelben 
 Chief Financial Officer 

121 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 1, 2023. Signature Title /s/ FRANCIS SOISTMAN Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Francis Soistman /s/ JOHN STELBEN Chief Financial Officer John Stelben (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ JOHN DOLAN Chief Accounting Officer John Dolan (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ANDREA C. BRIMMER Director Andrea C. Brimmer /s/ BETH A. BROOKE Director Beth A. Brooke /s/ A. JOHN HASS Director A. John Hass 
 /s/ RANDALL S. LIVINGSTON Director Randall S. Livingston /s/ ERIN L. RUSSELL Director Erin L. Russell /s/ CESAR M. SORIANO Director Cesar M. Soriano /s/ AARON C. TOLSON Director Aaron C. Tolson /s/ DALE B. WOLF Director Dale B. Wolf 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number Incorporation by Reference Herein Description of Exhibit 
 Form Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-133526) April 25, 2006 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 Current Report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33071) December 19, 2022 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001, of eHealth, Inc. 
 Current Report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33071) May 3, 2021 4.1 Form of the Registrant s Common Stock Certificate 
 Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-133526) June 28, 2006 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33071) 
 March 1, 2022 10.1 Investment Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, by and between eHealth, Inc. and Echelon Health SPV, LP 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) February 18, 2021 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated February 28, 2022, by and among eHealth, Inc., Blue Torch Finance LLC and the other lenders identified therein. 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) February 28, 2022 10.2.1 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and among eHealth, Inc., Blue Torch Finance LLC and the lenders identified therein. 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) August 22, 2022 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33071) February 26, 2021 10.4 Executive Bonus Plan 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) November 7, 2017 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, between Fran Soistman and eHealth, Inc. 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) December 17, 2021 10.6 Severance Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2021, between Phillip Morelock and eHealth, Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) May 10, 2021 10.7 Severance Agreement, dated September 19, 2021, between Christine Janofsky and eHealth, Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) November 8, 2021 10.8 Severance Agreement, dated February 22, 2022 between Roman Rariy and eHealth, Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) May 6, 2022 10.8.1 Sign-on and Retention Bonus Repayment Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, between Roman Rariy and eHealth, Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) May 6, 2022 10.9 Severance Agreement, dated September 29, 2022 between Gavin Galimi and eHealth, Inc. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 Severance Agreement, da ted October 20 , 2022 between John Stelben and eHealth, Inc. 
 10.11 Form of Deferral Election Form for Newly Eligible Individual with Existing Awards 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) November 6, 2015 10.12 Form of Deferral Election Form for Eligible Individual for Award to be Granted in the Next Calendar Year 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) November 6, 2015 10.13 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Current Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) November 8, 2022 10.13.1 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196675) June 11, 2014 10.13.2 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) August 9, 2021 10.13.3 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (Initial Director Grant) under the 2014 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196675) June 11, 2014 10.13.4 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (Annual Director Grant) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196675) June 11, 2014 10.13.5 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (People s Republic of China) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196675) June 11, 2014 10.13.6 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (People s Republic of China) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196675) June 11, 2014 10.13.7 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) March 23, 2015 10.13.8 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) August 8, 2016 10.13.9 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33071) August 8, 2016 10.14 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) June 15, 2020 10.15 Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) October 5, 2022 10.15.1 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) September 23, 2021 10.15.2 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) under the Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) September 23, 2021 10.15.3 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) September 23, 2021 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 10.15.4 Form of Notice of Stock Unit Grant and Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based) Vesting under the Amended and Restated 2021 Inducement Plan 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33071) September 23, 2021 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33071) March 19, 2018 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Francis Soistman, Chief Executive Officer of eHealth, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of J ohn Stelben , Chief Financial Officer of eHealth, Inc., pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a) and 15d 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Francis Soistman Chief Executive Officer of eHealth, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of J ohn Stelben , Chief Financial Officer of eHealth, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 125 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 exhibitsvpseveranceagreemea.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

EHEALTH, INC. SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is by and between eHealth, Inc . (together with its subsidiary, eHealthInsurance Services, Inc., the Company and Gavin Galimi Executive ). 
 1. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT . Executive and the Company agree that Executive s employment with Company constitutes at-will employment. Executive and the Company acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other party, with or without Cause or Good Reason (as each such term is defined in Section 4 below), at the option either of the Company or Executive. However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits depending upon the circumstances of Executive s termination of employment. 
 2. SEVERANCE BENEFITS . 
 (a) Involuntary Termination Other than for Cause or Voluntary Termination for Good Reason . If (i) Executive terminates his employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for Good Reason (as defined herein), or (ii) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) terminates Executive s employment for other than Cause (as defined herein), and Executive signs and does not revoke a standard release of claims with the Company in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as EXHIBIT A (the Release ), then Executive shall receive the following severance benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance Payment . Executive shall receive a single lump-sum cash severance payment (less applicable withholding taxes) in an amount equal to twelve (12) months of Executive s then current annual base salary. 
 (ii) COBRA . Subject to Executive timely electing continuation coverage under Title X of the Consolidated Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), Executive shall receive one-hundred percent (100 Company-paid group health, dental and vision coverage (the Company-Paid Coverage ). If such coverage included Executive s dependents immediately prior to the termination, such dependents shall also be covered at Company expense. Company-Paid Coverage shall continue until the earlier of (i) twelve (12) months following the date of termination, or (ii) the date upon which Executive and his dependents become covered under another employer s group health, dental and vision plans that provide Executive and his dependents with comparable benefits and levels of coverage (such earlier date, the COBRA Termination Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot provide the Company-Paid Coverage without a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s (and Executive s dependents , as applicable) group health, dental and vision coverage in effect on the date of Executive s employment termination (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of 
 1. 

COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made to Executive regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and shall end on the COBRA Termination Date. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination Other than for Cause or Voluntary Termination for Good Reason During the One-Year Period Following a Change in Control . If (i) Executive terminates his employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for Good Reason (as defined herein), or (ii) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) terminates Executive s employment for other than Cause (as defined herein) during the one-year period following a Change in Control, and Executive signs and does not revoke the Release, then in addition to the severance benefits provided in Section 2(a) above, Executive shall receive the following severance benefits from the Company 
 (i) Bonus Payment . Executive shall receive a single lump-sum cash payment (less applicable withholding taxes) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then current target annual bonus. 
 (ii) Equity Award Vesting. One hundred percent (100 of Executive s then outstanding and unvested time-based equity awards (whether stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units or otherwise) shall become vested and shall otherwise remain subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable equity incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the time-based equity awards were granted. Executive s then outstanding and unvested performance-based equity awards, shall vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable equity incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the performance-based equity awards were granted and not pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all performance-based equity awards, including those where performance goals have been achieved but which remain subject to time-based vesting, shall not be considered time-based awards under the terms of this Agreement and shall be governed by the applicable incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the performance-based equity awards were granted. 
 (c) Voluntary Resignation Termination for Cause Death or Disability . If Executive s employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive other than for Good Reason (ii) for Cause by the Company, or (iii) due to Executive s death or Disability (as defined hereunder), then Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company. 
 (d) Exclusive Remedy . The provisions of this Section 2 are intended to be and are Executive s exclusive rights to severance payments and benefits in the event of termination of service. The parties hereto agree that nothing herein is intended to result in duplication of severance or any other benefits. 
 (e) Code Section 409A . 
 2. 

(i) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-l(b)(4) of the regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code (the Treasury Regulations shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of Section 2(e)(ii) below, and consequently shall be paid to Executive promptly following termination as otherwise required by this Agreement. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A), then the cash severance benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement along with any other severance payments or separation benefits that may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits that are otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive s separation from service shall accrue during such six (6) month period and shall become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent payments, if any, shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following his separation from service but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of his date of separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this Section shall be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. 
 (iii) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of Section 2(e)(ii) above. For purposes of this Section 2(e), Section 409A Limit will mean the lesser of two (2) times (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Company s taxable year preceding the Company s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii)(A)(l) or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
 (iv) It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder shall be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A prior to actual payment to Executive. 
 3. 

(v) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, Executive s receipt of severance payments and benefits under this Agreement is conditioned upon Executive signing and not revoking the Release and subject to the Release becoming effective within sixty (60) days following Executive s termination of employment (the Release Period ). No severance will be paid or provided unless the Release becomes effective during the Release Period. Any severance payments to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be paid by the Company to Executive in cash and in full arrears on the date on which the Release becomes effective or such later date as is required to comply with Section 409A provided however, that if the Release Period straddles two calendar years, the severance payments to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be paid on the latest of (A) the date on which the Release becomes effective, (B) the first business day of the calendar year following the year in which Executive terminates employment with the Company or (C) such later date as is required to comply with Section 409A. 
 (vi) With respect to reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided to Executive hereunder (or otherwise) that are not exempt from Section 409A, the following rules shall apply (A) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any one of Executive s taxable years shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefit to be provided in any other taxable year, (B) in the case of any reimbursements of eligible expenses, reimbursement shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred and (C) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 3. GOLDEN PARACHUTE EXCISE TAX BEST RESULTS . If any payment or benefit Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order (A) cash payments shall be reduced first and in reverse chronological order such that the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering such excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced (B) accelerated vesting of stock awards shall be cancelled reduced next and in the reverse order of the date of grant for such stock awards (i.e., the vesting of the most recently granted stock awards will be reduced first) and (C) employee benefits shall be reduced last and in reverse chronological order such that the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering such excise tax will be the first benefit to be reduced. 
 4. 

The Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm or consulting firm to make the determinations required hereunder and perform the foregoing calculations. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or consulting firm required to be made hereunder. 
 The accounting or consulting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and Executive within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company or Executive. If the accounting or consulting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount, it shall furnish the Company and Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. Any good faith determinations of the accounting or consulting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 
 4. DEFITION OF TERMS . The following terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Cause . Cause shall mean (i) Executive s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, (ii) Executive s conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (iii) Executive s continued failure to perform lawfully assigned duties for 30 days after receiving written notification from the Company, (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company, or (v) any other intentional misconduct by Executive that adversely affects the business of the Company in a material manner. 
 (b) Change in Control . Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following, in one or a series of related transactions 
 (i) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities or 
 (ii) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (iii) The consummation of the sale, lease or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets. 
 5. 

(c) Disability . Disability means Executive (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering Company employees, 
 (d) Good Reason . Good Reason means that Executive resigns his employment within 120 days after any of the following is undertaken by the Company (or its acquirer) without Executive s express written consent (i) a reduction in Executive s title, (ii) a material reduction of Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities (ii) any material reduction of Executive s base salary or potential target bonus (other than a proportionate reduction in Executive s base salary or potential bonus that affects all senior management of the Company) or (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services provided that in no instance will the relocation of Executive to a facility or location of thirty-five (35) miles or less from Executive s then current office location (or one of Executive s then-current office locations, if applicable) be deemed material for purposes of this Agreement provided, however, that Good Reason shall not exist unless Executive has provided written notice to the Board of Directors of the purported grounds for the Good Reason within 90 days of its initial existence and the Company has been provided at least 30 days to remedy the condition. 
 5. SUCCESSORS . 
 (a) The Company s Successors . Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Company s business and or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 5(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 (b) Executive s Successors . The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 6. NOTICE . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be effective when given, and shall in any event be deemed to be given upon receipt or, if earlier, (a) five (5) days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service or other applicable postal service, if delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid, (b) upon delivery, if delivered by hand, (c) one (1) business day after the business day of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier, freight prepaid, (d) one (1) business day after the business day of facsimile transmission, if delivered by facsimile transmission with copy by first class mail, postage prepaid, (e) upon transmission, if sent by email, and shall be addressed (i) if to Executive, at his or her last known residential address or email address and (ii) if to the Company, at the address of its principal 
 6. 

corporate offices (attention Secretary), or in any such case at such other address as a party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party pursuant to the provisions above. 
 7. NOTICE OF TERMINATION . Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason or as a result of a voluntary resignation shall be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement. Such notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and shall specify the termination date (which shall be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice). The failure by Executive to include in the notice any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive hereunder or preclude Executive from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing his or her rights hereunder. 
 8. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
 (b) Waiver . No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Executive and the Company regarding Executive s severance agreement with the Company, and supersede in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied), of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (e) Choice of Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). 
 (f) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (g) Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income and employment taxes. 
 7. 

(h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 8. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties has executed this amended and restated Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, effective as of the date set forth below. 
 COMPANY eHealth, Inc. 
 By s Fran Soistman Fran Soistman Title Chief Executive Officer Date September 29, 2022 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s Gavin Galimi Gavin Galimi Date September 29, 2022 

9. 

EXHIBIT A eHealth, Inc. RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 THIS RELEASE OF CLAIMS Agreement is made by and between eHealth, Inc. (the Company ), and _______________ Executive ). 
 WHEREAS , Executive has agreed to enter into a release of claims in favor of the Company upon certain events specified in the Severance Agreement by and between Company and Executive (the Severance Agreement ). 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Termination . Executive s employment from the Company terminated on ___________________________. 
 2. Confidential Information . Executive shall continue to maintain the confidentiality of all confidential and proprietary information of the Company and shall continue to comply with the terms and conditions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement between Executive and the Company. Executive shall return all the Company property and confidential and proprietary information in his possession to the Company on the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
 3. Payment of Salary . Executive acknowledges and represents that the Company has paid all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation, commissions and any and all other benefits due to Executive. 
 4. Release of Claims . Except as set forth in the last paragraph of this Section 4, Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company. Executive, on behalf of himself, and his respective heirs, family members, executors and assigns, hereby fully and forever releases the Company and its past, present and future officers, agents, directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, parents, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns, from, and agrees not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be instituted any legal or administrative proceedings concerning any claim, duty, obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that he may possess arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date of this Agreement including, without limitation, 
 (a) any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive s employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship 
 1. 

(b) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law 
 (c) any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment termination in violation of public policy discrimination breach of contract, both express and implied breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied promissory estoppel negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage unfair business practices defamation libel slander negligence personal injury assault battery invasion of privacy false imprisonment and conversion 
 (d) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, and Labor Code section 201, et seq . and section 970, et seq . and all amendments to each such Act as well as the regulations issued thereunder 
 (e) any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution 
 (f) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination and 
 (g) any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 Executive agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released. This release does not extend to any severance obligations due Executive under the Severance Agreement or to any vested rights to benefits Executive has under any employee benefit plans of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement waives Executive s rights to indemnification or any payments under any fiduciary or directors & officers insurance policy, if any, provided by any act or agreement of the Company, state or federal law or policy of insurance. 
 5. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Executive acknowledges that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Executive and the Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) he has at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) he has seven (7) days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to 
 2. 

revoke the Agreement (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. Any revocation should be in writing and delivered to the Chief People Officer at the Company by close of business on the seventh day from the date that Executive signs this Agreement. 
 6. Civil Code Section 1542 . Executive represents that he is not aware of any claims against the Company other than the claims that are released by this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that he has been advised by legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code 1542, below, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
 Executive, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights he may have thereunder, as well as under any statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 7. No Pending or Future Lawsuits . Executive represents that he has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein. Executive also represents that he does not intend to bring any claims on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein. 
 8. Application for Employment . Executive understands and agrees that, as a condition of this Agreement, he shall not be entitled to any employment with the Company, its subsidiaries, or any successor, and he hereby waives any right, or alleged right, of employment or re-employment with the Company. 
 9. No Cooperation . Executive agrees that he will not counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against the Company and or any officer, director, employee, agent, representative, shareholder or attorney of the Company, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so. 
 10. No Admission of Liability . No action taken by the Company, either previously or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any claims heretofore made or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party. 
 11. Costs . The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees, attorneys fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement. 
 3. 

12. Authority . Executive represents and warrants that he has the capacity to act on his own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through him to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 13. No Representations . Executive represents that he has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Neither party has relied upon any representations or statements made by the other party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 14. Severability . In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision. 
 15. Arbitration . THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES, INC. JAMS ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES JAMS RULES ). THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL CALIFORNIA LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, CALIFORNIA LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
 4. 

THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, along with the Severance Agreement, the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, and Executive s written equity compensation agreements with the Company, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning Executive s separation from the Company. 
 17. No Oral Modification . This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by Executive and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 18. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California. 
 19. Effective Date . This Agreement is effective eight (8) days after it has been signed by both Parties. 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
 21. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims. The Parties acknowledge that 
 (a) They have read this Agreement 
 (b) They have had the opportunity of being represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of their own choice or that they have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel 
 (c) They understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains 
 (d) They are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 
 
 5. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
 eHealth, Inc. 
 Dated By name, title 
 Dated name 

6. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 exhibitsvpseveranceagreeme.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

EHEALTH, INC. SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is by and between eHealth, Inc . (together with its subsidiary, eHealthInsurance Services, Inc., the Company and John Stelben Executive ). 
 1. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT . Executive and the Company agree that Executive s employment with Company constitutes at-will employment. Executive and the Company acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other party, with or without Cause or Good Reason (as each such term is defined in Section 4 below), at the option either of the Company or Executive. However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits depending upon the circumstances of Executive s termination of employment. 
 2. SEVERANCE BENEFITS . 
 (a) Involuntary Termination Other than for Cause or Voluntary Termination for Good Reason . If (i) Executive terminates his employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for Good Reason (as defined herein), or (ii) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) terminates Executive s employment for other than Cause (as defined herein), and Executive signs and does not revoke a standard release of claims with the Company in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as EXHIBIT A (the Release ), then Executive shall receive the following severance benefits from the Company 
 (i) Severance Payment . Executive shall receive a single lump-sum cash severance payment (less applicable withholding taxes) in an amount equal to twelve (12) months of Executive s then current annual base salary. 
 (ii) COBRA . Subject to Executive timely electing continuation coverage under Title X of the Consolidated Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), Executive shall receive one-hundred percent (100 Company-paid group health, dental and vision coverage (the Company-Paid Coverage ). If such coverage included Executive s dependents immediately prior to the termination, such dependents shall also be covered at Company expense. Company-Paid Coverage shall continue until the earlier of (i) twelve (12) months following the date of termination, or (ii) the date upon which Executive and his dependents become covered under another employer s group health, dental and vision plans that provide Executive and his dependents with comparable benefits and levels of coverage (such earlier date, the COBRA Termination Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot provide the Company-Paid Coverage without a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s (and Executive s dependents , as applicable) group health, dental and vision coverage in effect on the date of Executive s employment termination (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of 
 1. 

COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made to Executive regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and shall end on the COBRA Termination Date. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination Other than for Cause or Voluntary Termination for Good Reason During the One-Year Period Following a Change in Control . If (i) Executive terminates his employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for Good Reason (as defined herein), or (ii) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) terminates Executive s employment for other than Cause (as defined herein) during the one-year period following a Change in Control, and Executive signs and does not revoke the Release, then in addition to the severance benefits provided in Section 2(a) above, Executive shall receive the following severance benefits from the Company 
 (i) Bonus Payment . Executive shall receive a single lump-sum cash payment (less applicable withholding taxes) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then current target annual bonus. 
 (ii) Equity Award Vesting. One hundred percent (100 of Executive s then outstanding and unvested time-based equity awards (whether stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units or otherwise) shall become vested and shall otherwise remain subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable equity incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the time-based equity awards were granted. Executive s then outstanding and unvested performance-based equity awards, shall vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable equity incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the performance-based equity awards were granted and not pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all performance-based equity awards, including those where performance goals have been achieved but which remain subject to time-based vesting, shall not be considered time-based awards under the terms of this Agreement and shall be governed by the applicable incentive plan and the award agreements pursuant to which the performance-based equity awards were granted. 
 (c) Voluntary Resignation Termination for Cause Death or Disability . If Executive s employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive other than for Good Reason (ii) for Cause by the Company, or (iii) due to Executive s death or Disability (as defined hereunder), then Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company. 
 (d) Exclusive Remedy . The provisions of this Section 2 are intended to be and are Executive s exclusive rights to severance payments and benefits in the event of termination of service. The parties hereto agree that nothing herein is intended to result in duplication of severance or any other benefits. 
 (e) Code Section 409A . 
 2. 

(i) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-l(b)(4) of the regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code (the Treasury Regulations shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of Section 2(e)(ii) below, and consequently shall be paid to Executive promptly following termination as otherwise required by this Agreement. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A), then the cash severance benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement along with any other severance payments or separation benefits that may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits that are otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive s separation from service shall accrue during such six (6) month period and shall become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent payments, if any, shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following his separation from service but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of his date of separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this Section shall be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. 
 (iii) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of Section 2(e)(ii) above. For purposes of this Section 2(e), Section 409A Limit will mean the lesser of two (2) times (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Company s taxable year preceding the Company s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii)(A)(l) or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
 (iv) It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder shall be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A prior to actual payment to Executive. 
 3. 

(v) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, Executive s receipt of severance payments and benefits under this Agreement is conditioned upon Executive signing and not revoking the Release and subject to the Release becoming effective within sixty (60) days following Executive s termination of employment (the Release Period ). No severance will be paid or provided unless the Release becomes effective during the Release Period. Any severance payments to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be paid by the Company to Executive in cash and in full arrears on the date on which the Release becomes effective or such later date as is required to comply with Section 409A provided however, that if the Release Period straddles two calendar years, the severance payments to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be paid on the latest of (A) the date on which the Release becomes effective, (B) the first business day of the calendar year following the year in which Executive terminates employment with the Company or (C) such later date as is required to comply with Section 409A. 
 (vi) With respect to reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided to Executive hereunder (or otherwise) that are not exempt from Section 409A, the following rules shall apply (A) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any one of Executive s taxable years shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefit to be provided in any other taxable year, (B) in the case of any reimbursements of eligible expenses, reimbursement shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred and (C) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 3. GOLDEN PARACHUTE EXCISE TAX BEST RESULTS . If any payment or benefit Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order (A) cash payments shall be reduced first and in reverse chronological order such that the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering such excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced (B) accelerated vesting of stock awards shall be cancelled reduced next and in the reverse order of the date of grant for such stock awards (i.e., the vesting of the most recently granted stock awards will be reduced first) and (C) employee benefits shall be reduced last and in reverse chronological order such that the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering such excise tax will be the first benefit to be reduced. 
 4. 

The Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm or consulting firm to make the determinations required hereunder and perform the foregoing calculations. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or consulting firm required to be made hereunder. 
 The accounting or consulting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and Executive within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company or Executive. If the accounting or consulting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment, either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount, it shall furnish the Company and Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. Any good faith determinations of the accounting or consulting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 
 4. DEFITION OF TERMS . The following terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Cause . Cause shall mean (i) Executive s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty, (ii) Executive s conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (iii) Executive s continued failure to perform lawfully assigned duties for 30 days after receiving written notification from the Company, (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company, or (v) any other intentional misconduct by Executive that adversely affects the business of the Company in a material manner. 
 (b) Change in Control . Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following, in one or a series of related transactions 
 (i) Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities or 
 (ii) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or 
 (iii) The consummation of the sale, lease or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Company s assets. 
 5. 

(c) Disability . Disability means Executive (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering Company employees, 
 (d) Good Reason . Good Reason means that Executive resigns his employment within 120 days after any of the following is undertaken by the Company (or its acquirer) without Executive s express written consent (i) a reduction in Executive s title, (ii) a material reduction of Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities (ii) any material reduction of Executive s base salary or potential target bonus (other than a proportionate reduction in Executive s base salary or potential bonus that affects all senior management of the Company) or (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services provided that in no instance will the relocation of Executive to a facility or location of thirty-five (35) miles or less from Executive s then current office location (or one of Executive s then-current office locations, if applicable) be deemed material for purposes of this Agreement provided, however, that Good Reason shall not exist unless Executive has provided written notice to the Board of Directors of the purported grounds for the Good Reason within 90 days of its initial existence and the Company has been provided at least 30 days to remedy the condition. 
 5. SUCCESSORS . 
 (a) The Company s Successors . Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Company s business and or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 5(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 (b) Executive s Successors . The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 6. NOTICE . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be effective when given, and shall in any event be deemed to be given upon receipt or, if earlier, (a) five (5) days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service or other applicable postal service, if delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid, (b) upon delivery, if delivered by hand, (c) one (1) business day after the business day of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier, freight prepaid, (d) one (1) business day after the business day of facsimile transmission, if delivered by facsimile transmission with copy by first class mail, postage prepaid, (e) upon transmission, if sent by email, and shall be addressed (i) if to Executive, at his or her last known residential address or email address and (ii) if to the Company, at the address of its principal 
 6. 

corporate offices (attention Secretary), or in any such case at such other address as a party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party pursuant to the provisions above. 
 7. NOTICE OF TERMINATION . Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason or as a result of a voluntary resignation shall be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement. Such notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and shall specify the termination date (which shall be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice). The failure by Executive to include in the notice any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive hereunder or preclude Executive from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing his or her rights hereunder. 
 8. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
 (b) Waiver . No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Executive and the Company regarding Executive s severance agreement with the Company, and supersede in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied), of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (e) Choice of Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). 
 (f) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (g) Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income and employment taxes. 
 7. 

(h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 8. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the parties has executed this amended and restated Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, effective as of the date set forth below. 
 COMPANY eHealth, Inc. 
 By s Fran Soistman Fran Soistman Title Chief Executive Officer Date October 20, 2022 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s John Stelben John Stelben Date October 19, 2022 

9. 

EXHIBIT A eHealth, Inc. RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 THIS RELEASE OF CLAIMS Agreement is made by and between eHealth, Inc. (the Company ), and _______________ Executive ). 
 WHEREAS , Executive has agreed to enter into a release of claims in favor of the Company upon certain events specified in the Severance Agreement by and between Company and Executive (the Severance Agreement ). 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Termination . Executive s employment from the Company terminated on ___________________________. 
 2. Confidential Information . Executive shall continue to maintain the confidentiality of all confidential and proprietary information of the Company and shall continue to comply with the terms and conditions of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement between Executive and the Company. Executive shall return all the Company property and confidential and proprietary information in his possession to the Company on the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
 3. Payment of Salary . Executive acknowledges and represents that the Company has paid all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation, commissions and any and all other benefits due to Executive. 
 4. Release of Claims . Except as set forth in the last paragraph of this Section 4, Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company. Executive, on behalf of himself, and his respective heirs, family members, executors and assigns, hereby fully and forever releases the Company and its past, present and future officers, agents, directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, parents, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns, from, and agrees not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be instituted any legal or administrative proceedings concerning any claim, duty, obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that he may possess arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date of this Agreement including, without limitation, 
 (a) any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive s employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship 
 1. 

(b) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law 
 (c) any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment termination in violation of public policy discrimination breach of contract, both express and implied breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied promissory estoppel negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage unfair business practices defamation libel slander negligence personal injury assault battery invasion of privacy false imprisonment and conversion 
 (d) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Executive Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, and Labor Code section 201, et seq . and section 970, et seq . and all amendments to each such Act as well as the regulations issued thereunder 
 (e) any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution 
 (f) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination and 
 (g) any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 Executive agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released. This release does not extend to any severance obligations due Executive under the Severance Agreement or to any vested rights to benefits Executive has under any employee benefit plans of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement waives Executive s rights to indemnification or any payments under any fiduciary or directors & officers insurance policy, if any, provided by any act or agreement of the Company, state or federal law or policy of insurance. 
 5. Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA . Executive acknowledges that he is waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Executive and the Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) he has at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) he has seven (7) days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to 
 2. 

revoke the Agreement (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. Any revocation should be in writing and delivered to the Chief People Officer at the Company by close of business on the seventh day from the date that Executive signs this Agreement. 
 6. Civil Code Section 1542 . Executive represents that he is not aware of any claims against the Company other than the claims that are released by this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that he has been advised by legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code 1542, below, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
 Executive, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights he may have thereunder, as well as under any statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 7. No Pending or Future Lawsuits . Executive represents that he has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in his name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein. Executive also represents that he does not intend to bring any claims on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein. 
 8. Application for Employment . Executive understands and agrees that, as a condition of this Agreement, he shall not be entitled to any employment with the Company, its subsidiaries, or any successor, and he hereby waives any right, or alleged right, of employment or re-employment with the Company. 
 9. No Cooperation . Executive agrees that he will not counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against the Company and or any officer, director, employee, agent, representative, shareholder or attorney of the Company, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so. 
 10. No Admission of Liability . No action taken by the Company, either previously or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any claims heretofore made or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to Executive or to any third party. 
 11. Costs . The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees, attorneys fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement. 
 3. 

12. Authority . Executive represents and warrants that he has the capacity to act on his own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through him to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 13. No Representations . Executive represents that he has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Neither party has relied upon any representations or statements made by the other party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 14. Severability . In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision. 
 15. Arbitration . THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES, INC. JAMS ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES JAMS RULES ). THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL CALIFORNIA LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, CALIFORNIA LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
 4. 

THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, along with the Severance Agreement, the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, and Executive s written equity compensation agreements with the Company, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning Executive s separation from the Company. 
 17. No Oral Modification . This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by Executive and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 18. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California. 
 19. Effective Date . This Agreement is effective eight (8) days after it has been signed by both Parties. 
 20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
 21. Voluntary Execution of Agreement . This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims. The Parties acknowledge that 
 (a) They have read this Agreement 
 (b) They have had the opportunity of being represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of their own choice or that they have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel 
 (c) They understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains 
 (d) They are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 
 
 5. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
 eHealth, Inc. 
 Dated By name, title 
 Dated name 

6. 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a202210-kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Forms S-3 No. 333-267048 and No. 333-257571) of eHealth, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-248129) pertaining to the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of eHealth, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statements (Forms S-8 No. 333-266682, No. 333-232252 and No. 333-196675) pertaining to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan of eHealth, Inc., and 
 (4) Registration Statements (Forms S-8 No. 333-268253, No. 333-263760 and No. 333-260144) pertaining to the 2021 Inducement Plan of eHealth, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of eHealth, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of eHealth, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of eHealth, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2022yeex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Francis Soistman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of eHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 March 1, 2023 s FRANCIS SOISTMAN Francis Soistman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2022yeex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John Stelben, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of eHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 March 1, 2023 s JOHN STELBEN John Stelben Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2022yeex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of eHealth, Inc. on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Francis Soistman, Chief Executive Officer of eHealth, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-K, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of eHealth, Inc. 
 
 s FRANCIS SOISTMAN Francis Soistman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to eHealth, Inc. and will be retained by eHealth, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a2022yeex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of eHealth, Inc. on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Stelben, Chief Financial Officer of eHealth, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-K, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of eHealth, Inc. 
 
 s JOHN STELBEN John Stelben Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to eHealth, Inc. and will be retained by eHealth, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ehth-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ehth-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ehth-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ehth-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ehth-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

