<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1023313_0000950170-23-007151.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20478857</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311673</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2541835</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10001266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2497771</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4622308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007151.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310090134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007151
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING, ACCOUNTING, RESEARCH, MANAGEMENT [8700]
		IRS NUMBER:				042797789
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21433
		FILM NUMBER:		23721777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 ACORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02140
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176136000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 ACORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02140

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FORRESTER RESEARCH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960919

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007151.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 forr-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on June 30, 2022, was approximat ely . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as o f March 6, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement related to its 2023 Annual Stockholders Meeting to be filed subsequently -- Part III of this Form 10-K. 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 12 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 22 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 55 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 55 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 56 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

SIGNATURES 
 
 61 

2 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, believes, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, or similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Reference is made in particular to our statements about changing stakeholder expectations, migration of our clients into our Forrester Decisions products, product development, holding hybrid events, possible acquisitions, future dividends, future share repurchases, future growth rates, operating income and cash from operations, future deferred revenue, future compliance with financial covenants under our credit facility, future interest expense, anticipated increases in, and productivity of, our sales force and headcount, the adequacy of our cash, and cash flows to satisfy our working capital and capital expenditures, and the anticipated impact of accounting standards. These statements are based on our current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual future activities and results of operations to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements are discussed below under Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Busi ness 
 General 
 Forrester Research, Inc. is a global independent research and advisory firm. We help leaders across technology, customer experience, marketing, sales and product functions use customer obsession to accelerate growth. Through Forrester s proprietary research, consulting, and events, leaders from around the globe are empowered to be bold at work, navigate change, and put their customers at the center of their leadership, strategy, and operations. Our unique insights are grounded in annual surveys of more than 700,000 consumers, business leaders, and technology leaders worldwide, rigorous and objective research methodologies, over 100 million real-time feedback votes, and the shared wisdom of our clients. 
 Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FORR . 
 Market Overview 
 We believe that market dynamics from empowered customers to the COVID-19 pandemic have fundamentally changed business and technology. These dynamics continue to change stakeholder expectations. 
 Consumers and buyers have new demands and requirements. To win, serve, and retain customers in this environment, we believe that companies require a higher level of customer obsession. Customer obsessed firms put their customers at the center of their leadership, strategy, and operations. Our research has shown that customer-obsessed firms grow faster and are more profitable. 
 Organizations and leaders require a continuous stream of guidance and analysis to adapt to these ever-changing behaviors and realities. We believe that there is an increasing need for objective external sources of this guidance and analysis, fueling what we call the golden age of research. 
 Forrester s Strategy and Business Model 
 The foundation of our business model is our ability to help business and technology leaders tackle their most pressing priorities and drive growth through customer obsession. Forrester helps clients solve problems, make decisions, and take action to deliver results. With our proprietary research, consulting, and events, our business model provides multiple sources of value to our clients and creates a system to expand contract value CV ), which we view as our most significant business metric. 
 Generally speaking, we define CV products as those services that our clients use over a year s time and that are renewable periodically, usually on an annual basis. Our CV products primarily consist of our subscription research products, while our non-CV businesses, consulting and events, play critical complementary roles in driving our CV growth. 
 With respect to our clients, we believe that it has become difficult for large companies to run multi-year strategy and change management projects on their own as customers are changing faster and competitors are increasingly aggressive. Multi-year CV product relationships enable us to help our clients formulate their vision for the future and then translate those plans into implementation and outcomes over time. For our investors, we believe that CV growth will result in predictable and profitable revenue streams. 
 Our business model is built on the premise that an increase in CV generates more cash which can then be invested in improving our go-to-market structure (activities including sales, product, marketing and acquisitions) and creating CV products that clients renew year after year repeating the cycle and driving the model forward. We refer to this model as our CV growth engine. 
 3 

Our Products and Services 
 We strive to be an indispensable source that business and technology leaders across functions, including technology, customer experience, digital, marketing, sales, and product, worldwide turn to for ongoing guidance to plan and operate more effectively. 
 We deliver our products and services globally through three business segments Research, Consulting and Events. 
 Research 
 For 40 years, Forrester has been providing objective, independent and data-driven research insights utilizing both qualitative and quantitative data. We adhere to rigorous, unbiased research methodologies that are transparent and publicly available to ensure consistent research quality across markets, technologies, and geographies. 
 Our primary subscription research services include Forrester Decisions, Forrester Research, and SiriusDecisions Research. This portfolio of research services is designed to provide business and technology leaders with a proven path to growth through customer obsession. Key content available via online access includes: 
 future trends, predictions, and market forecasts; 

deep consumer and business buyer data and insights; 

curated best practice models and tools to run business functions; 

operational and performance benchmarking data; and 

technology and service market landscapes and vendor evaluations. 

Our research services also include time with our analysts to apply research to their context. 
 Launched in 2021, Forrester Decisions is a portfolio of standardized research services combining key features of Forrester Research with key features of SiriusDecisions Research. We intend to migrate our existing clients that purchase Forrester Research and SiriusDecisions Research products to the Forrester Decisions products, and as of January 1, 2023, Forrester Decisions will be our only subscription research product that will be available for most new clients. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of our CV was composed of Forrester Decisions products. 
 Consulting 
 Our Consulting business includes consulting projects and advisory services. We deliver focused insights and recommendations to assist clients in developing and executing their technology and business strategies. Our consulting projects help clients with challenges addressed in our published research. Our consulting projects include conducting maturity assessments, prioritizing best practices, developing strategies, building business cases, selecting technology vendors, structuring organizations, developing content marketing strategies and collateral, and sales tools. Consulting plays an important role in supporting our CV growth, as we have found that clients that purchase consulting projects from us renew their CV contracts at higher rates compared to clients that do not purchase consulting. 
 Events 
 We host multiple events across North America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region throughout the year. Forrester Events are thoughtfully designed and curated experiences to provide clients with insights and actionable advice to achieve accelerated business growth. Forrester Events focus on business imperatives of significant interest to clients, including business-to-business marketing, sales and product leadership, customer experience, security and risk, new technology and innovation, and data strategies and insights. One of the primary purposes of our Events business is to help drive our CV growth, and we have found that prospective clients that have attended one of our events convert into clients at higher rates compared to those that have not attended an event. 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020 and 2021 we began offering our events as live virtual experiences. These virtual events allowed us to offer added attendee benefits such as on demand sessions, more networking opportunities and more content, leading to higher attendee engagement. In 2022 we held all of our events as hybrid events, consisting of both in-person and virtual experiences. We currently plan to hold all of our events in 2023 and beyond as hybrid events. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We believe we have a strong alignment across our sales, marketing and product functions. 
 4 

We sell our products and services through our direct sales force in various locations in North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. Our sales organization is organized into groups based on client size, geography, and market potential. Our Premier groups focus on our largest vendor and end user clients across the globe while our Core group focuses on small to mid-sized vendor clients. Our European and Asia Pacific groups focus on both end user and vendor clients in their respective geographies. Our International Business Development group sells our products and services through independent sales representatives in select international locations. We also have a group dedicated to event sales. 
 We employed 709 sales personnel as of December 31, 2022 compared to 637 sales personnel employed as of December 31, 2021. 
 We also sell select Research products directly online through our website. 
 Our marketing activities are designed to elevate the Forrester brand, differentiate and promote Forrester s products and services, improve the client experience, and drive growth. We achieve these outcomes by combining the value of reputation, demand generation, customer engagement, and sales and customer success enablement programs to deliver multichannel campaigns and high-quality digital experiences. Our customer success organization conducts post-sale engagement activities that are designed to align to client outcomes, accelerate time to value, and drive higher retention. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our products and services were delivered to more than 2,700 client companies. No single client company accounted for more than 4 of our 2022 revenues. 
 Pricing and Contracts 
 We report our revenue from client contracts in three categories of revenue: (1) research, (2) consulting, and (3) events. We classify revenue from subscriptions to, and licenses of, our research products and services as research revenue. We classify revenue from our consulting projects and standalone advisory services as consulting revenue. We classify revenue from tickets to and sponsorships of events as events revenue. 
 Contract pricing for annual subscription-based products is principally a function of the number of licensed users at the client. Pricing of contracts is a fixed fee for the consulting project or shorter-term advisory service. We periodically review and increase the list prices for our products and services. 
 We track contract value as a significant business indicator. Contract value is defined as the value attributable to all of our recurring research-related contracts. Contract value is calculated as the annualized value of all contracts in effect at a specific point in time, without regard to how much revenue has already been recognized. Contract value increased 3 to 353.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 343.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Competition 
 We believe our focus on helping business and technology leaders use customer obsession to drive growth sets us apart from our competition. In addition, we believe we compete favorably due to: 
 our ability to offer forward-looking research, tools and frameworks as well as hands-on guidance; 

our focus on providing teams within our clients' organizations with the confidence to execute effectively with end-to-end guidance, valuable knowledge, know-how, and a shared vocabulary; 

our use of rigorous research methodologies to offer objective insights; and 

our brand promise to be on your side and by your side, meaning that we strive to be obsessed about our clients' needs and priorities and aligned to their strategies. 

Our principal direct competitors include other independent providers of research and advisory services, such as Gartner, as well as marketing agencies, general business consulting firms, survey-based general market research firms, providers of peer networking services, and digital media measurement services. In addition, our indirect competitors include the internal planning and marketing staffs of our current and prospective clients, as well as other information providers such as electronic and print publishing companies. We also face competition from free sources of information available on the Internet, such as Google. Our indirect competitors could choose to compete directly against us in the future. In addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry into certain segments of our market, and new competitors could readily seek to compete against us in one or more of these market segments. Increased competition could adversely affect our operating results through pricing pressure and loss of market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. 
 5 

Intellectual Property 
 Our proprietary research, methodologies and other intellectual property play a significant role in the success of our business. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, confidentiality, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. We actively monitor compliance by our employees, clients and third parties with our policies and agreements relating to confidentiality, ownership, and the use and protection of Forrester s intellectual property. 
 Employees 
 Attracting, retaining, and developing the best and brightest talent around the globe is critical to the ongoing success of our company. As of December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 2,033 persons. Of these employees, 1,487 were in the United States and Canada; 298 in Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ); and 248 in the Asia Pacific region. 
 Culture. Our culture emphasizes certain key values including client, courage, collaboration, integrity, and quality that we believe are critical to deliver Forrester s unique value proposition of helping business and technology leaders use customer obsession to drive growth. In addition, we seek to foster a culture where employees can be creative, feel supported and empowered, and are encouraged to think boldly about new ideas. As a reflection of these efforts, in 2022, for the fifth time in six years, Forrester was honored with a Glassdoor Employees Choice Award, recognizing the Best Places to Work in 2022. 
 Diversity and Inclusion (D I) . We focus on attracting, hiring, and the inclusion of all backgrounds and perspectives, with the goals of improving employee retention and engagement, strengthening the quality of our research, and improving client retention and customer experience. We field regular all-employee surveys to measure our progress against our goals. In 2022, in addition to the ongoing activities of our D I Council and regional D I Networks, examples of our efforts with respect to D I included: 
 launching companywide inclusion training for employees and managers; 

expanding our global and regional D I events and celebrating diversity heritage and awareness months through events and discussions; and 

our continuation of various partnerships to attract and access more talent from underrepresented groups. 

Learning and Development . We have a robust learning and development program and celebrate and enrich the Forrester culture through frequent recognition of achievements. To keep employees and teams connected and inspired to do their best work in a distributed work environment, we have enhanced the learning and development opportunities for our employees across a broad range of initiatives including new hire and onboarding, D I, and leadership training. 
 Available Information 
 Forrester Research Inc. was incorporated in Massachusetts on July 7, 1983 and reincorporated in Delaware on February 16, 1996. Forrester s corporate offices are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
 Our Internet address is www.forrester.com. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor information section of our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file documents electronically. 
 6 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 We operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment that involves risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations and financial condition. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 Risk Factors Specific to our Business 
 A Decline in Renewals or Demand for Our Subscription-Based Research Services. Our success depends in large part upon retaining (on both a client company and dollar basis) and enriching existing subscriptions for our Research products and services, including the migration of our existing clients from our legacy Forrester Research and SiriusDecisions products into our new Forrester Decisions portfolio of services. Future declines in client retention and wallet retention, or failure to generate demand for and new sales of our subscription-based products and services, including Forrester Decisions, due to competition, changes in our offerings, or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Demand for Our Consulting Services. Consulting revenues comprised 28 of our total revenues in 2022 and 32 of our total revenues in 2021. Consulting engagements generally are project-based and non-recurring. A decline in our ability to fulfill existing or generate new consulting engagements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Business May be Adversely Affected by the Economic Environment. Our business is in part dependent on technology spending and is impacted by economic conditions such as inflation, slowing growth, rising interest rates, threat of recession and supply chain issues that may impact us and our customers. The economic environment may materially and adversely affect demand for our products and services. If conditions in the United States and the global economy were to lead to a decrease in technology spending, or in demand for our products and services, this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Although we do not have any employees or material client relationships in Russia or Ukraine, if the Russian military invasion of Ukraine that commenced in February 2022 were to escalate or spread to other regions, there may be negative effects on both the United States and the global economy that could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Our International Operations Expose Us to a Variety of Operational Risks which Could Negatively Impact Our Results of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, we have clients in approximately 79 countries and approximately 21 of our revenues come from international sales. Our operating results are subject to the risks inherent in international business activities, including general political and economic conditions in each country, challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations, changes in regulatory requirements, compliance with numerous foreign laws and regulations, differences between U.S. and foreign tax rates and laws, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, difficulty of enforcing client agreements, collecting accounts receivable and protecting intellectual property rights in international jurisdictions, and potential disruptions caused by foreign wars and conflicts. Furthermore, we rely on local independent sales representatives in some international locations. If any of these arrangements are terminated by our representatives or us, we may not be able to replace the arrangement on beneficial terms or on a timely basis, or clients sourced by the local sales representative may not want to continue to do business with us or our new representative. 
 Ability to Develop and Offer New Products and Services. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to offer new products and services. These new products and services must successfully gain market acceptance by anticipating and identifying changes in client requirements and changes in the technology industry and by addressing specific industry and business organization sectors. The process of internally researching, developing, launching, and gaining client acceptance of a new product or service, or assimilating and marketing an acquired product or service, is risky and costly. We may not be able to introduce new, or assimilate acquired, products or services successfully. Our failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to maintain a competitive position in our market and continue to grow our business. 
 Loss of Key Management . Our future success will depend in large part upon the continued services of a number of our key management employees. The loss of any one of them, in particular George F. Colony, our founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, could adversely affect our business. 
 The Ability to Attract and Retain Qualified Professional Staff. Our future success will depend in large measure upon the continued contributions of our senior management team, research professionals, consultants, and experienced sales and marketing personnel. Thus, our future operating results will be largely dependent upon our ability to retain the services of these individuals and to attract additional professionals from a limited pool of qualified candidates. Our future success will also depend in part upon the effectiveness of our sales leadership in hiring and retaining sales personnel and in improving sales productivity. We experience competition in hiring and retaining professionals from developers of Internet and emerging-technology products, other research firms, management consulting firms, print and electronic publishing companies, and financial services companies, many of which have substantially greater ability, either through cash or equity, to attract and compensate professionals. If we lose professionals or are unable to attract new talent, we will not be able to maintain our position in the market or grow our business. 
 7 

Failure to Anticipate and Respond to Market Trends. Our success depends in part upon our ability to anticipate rapidly changing technologies and market trends and to adapt our research and consulting services, and other related products and services to meet the changing needs of our clients. The technology and commerce sectors that we analyze undergo frequent and often dramatic changes. The environment of rapid and continuous change presents significant challenges to our ability to provide our clients with current and timely analysis, strategies, and advice on issues of importance to them. Meeting these challenges requires the commitment of substantial resources. Any failure to continue to provide insightful and timely analysis of developments, technologies, and trends in a manner that meets market needs could have an adverse effect on our market position and results of operations. 
 We Have Outstanding Debt Which Could Materially Restrict our Business and Adversely Affect our Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Results of Operations. In December of 2021, we entered into an amendment of our existing credit agreement to eliminate our term loan facility, increase the available amount of our revolving credit facility to 150.0 million, and extend the maturity date to December 2026 (as so amended, the Facility ). As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding debt of 50.0 million under the Facility (refer to Note 4 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information). The obligations incurred under this Facility could impair our future financial condition and operating results. In addition, the affirmative, negative, and financial covenants of the Facility could limit our future financial flexibility. A failure to comply with these covenants could result in acceleration of all amounts outstanding, which could materially impact our financial condition unless accommodations could be negotiated with our lenders. No assurance can be given that we would be successful in doing so, or that any accommodations that we were able to negotiate would be on terms as favorable as those currently. The outstanding debt may limit the amount of cash or additional credit available to us, which could restrain our ability to expand or enhance products and services, respond to competitive pressures or pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital. 
 Competition. We compete principally in the market for research and advisory services, with an emphasis on customer behavior and customer experience, and the impact of technology on our clients business and service models. Our principal direct competitors include other independent providers of research and advisory services, such as Gartner, as well as marketing agencies, general business consulting firms, survey-based general market research firms, providers of peer networking services, and digital media measurement services. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial and marketing resources than we do. In addition, our indirect competitors include the internal planning and marketing staffs of our current and prospective clients, as well as other information providers such as electronic and print publishing companies. We also face competition from free sources of information available on the Internet, such as Google. Our indirect competitors could choose to compete directly against us in the future. In addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry into certain segments of our market, and new competitors could readily seek to compete against us in one or more of these market segments. Increased competition could adversely affect our operating results through pricing pressure and loss of market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. 
 Fluctuations in Our Operating Results. Our revenues and earnings may fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, and which may affect our stock price. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 Trends in technology and research and advisory services spending in the marketplace and general economic conditions. 

The timing and size of new and renewal subscriptions for our products and services from clients. 

The utilization of our advisory services by our clients. 

The timing of revenue-generating events sponsored by us. 

The introduction and marketing of new products and services by us and our competitors. 

The hiring and training of new research professionals, consultants, and sales personnel. 

Changes in demand for our research and advisory services. 

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

An increase in the interest rates applicable to our outstanding debt obligations. 

As a result, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could have an adverse effect on the market price for our common stock. Factors such as announcements of new products, services, offices, acquisitions or strategic alliances by us, our competitors, or in the research and professional services industries generally, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. The market price for our common stock may also be affected by movements in prices of stocks in general. 
 Concentration of Ownership . Our largest stockholder is our Chairman and CEO, George F. Colony, who owns approximately 39 of our outstanding stock. This concentration of ownership enables Mr. Colony to strongly influence or effectively control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation, adoption or amendment of equity plans, and approval of significant transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, consolidations, and sales or 
 8 

purchases of assets. This concentration of ownership may also limit the liquidity of our stock. As a result, efforts by stockholders to change the direction, management, or ownership of Forrester may be unsuccessful, and stockholders may not be able to freely purchase and sell shares of our stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We Face Risks from Network Disruptions or Security Breaches that Could Damage Our Reputation and Harm Our Business and Operating Results. We face risks from network disruptions or security breaches caused by computer viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, acts of vandalism by third parties, or terrorism. To date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business, operations, products, services or customers. However, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers may not detect or prevent such security breaches. Any such compromise of our information security could result in the unauthorized publication of our confidential business or proprietary information, cause an interruption in our operations, result in the unauthorized release of customer or employee data, result in a violation of privacy or other laws, expose us to a risk of litigation, or damage our reputation, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Failure to Enforce and Protect our Intellectual Property Rights. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, confidentiality, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. Unauthorized third parties may obtain or use our proprietary information despite our efforts to protect it. The laws of certain countries do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States and accordingly we may not be able to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized use or distribution, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Privacy Laws. Privacy laws and regulations, and the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations, in the U.S, Europe and other countries around the world where we conduct business are sometimes inconsistent and frequently changing. This includes, but is not limited to, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the California Privacy Rights Act. Compliance with these laws, or changing interpretations and application of these laws, could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to take action in a manner that would be adverse to our business. 
 Taxation Risks . We operate in numerous jurisdictions around the world. A portion of our income is generated outside of the United States and is taxed at lower rates than rates applicable to income generated in the U.S. or in other jurisdictions in which we do business. Our effective tax rate in the future, and accordingly our results of operations and financial position, could be adversely affected by changes in applicable tax law or if more of our income becomes taxable in jurisdictions with higher tax rates. 
 We Face Risks Related to Health Epidemics That Could Adversely Impact Our Business . Our business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, impacting the markets and communities in which we and our clients operate. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the business and financial markets, and there remains uncertainty about the duration of this disruption on both a nationwide and global level, as well as the ongoing effect on our business. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are uncertain and unpredictable. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation and potential effects on our business and operations. While the spread and impact of COVID-19 has stabilized, there is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics will not occur. 
 Any Weakness Identified in Our System of Internal Controls by Us and Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that companies evaluate and report on their systems of internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm must report on its evaluation of those controls. There can be no assurance that no weakness in our internal control over financial reporting will occur in future periods, or that any such weakness will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, including our ability to report our financial results in a timely manner. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 We have not received written comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission that remain unresolved. 
 Item 2. P roperties 
 Our corporate headquarters building is comprised of approximately 190,000 square feet of office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts, substantially all of which is currently occupied by the Company. This facility accommodates research, marketing, sales, consulting, technology, and operations personnel. The lease term of this facility expires February 28, 2027. 
 We also rent office space in San Francisco, New York City, McLean (VA), Nashville, Norwalk (CT), London, New Delhi, Singapore, and Sydney. In addition, we lease office space on a relatively short-term basis in various other locations in North America, Europe, and Asia. 
 9 

We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current needs and that additional facilities are available for lease to meet future needs. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and civil and regulatory claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. It is our policy to record accruals for legal contingencies to the extent that we have concluded that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, and to expense costs associated with loss contingencies, including any related legal fees, as they are incurred. 
 We believe that we have meritorious defenses in connection with our current lawsuits and material claims and disputes and intend to vigorously contest each of them. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have a material adverse effect on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 In our opinion based upon information currently available to us, while the outcome of these legal proceedings and claims is uncertain, the likely results of these lawsuits, claims and disputes are not expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, although the effect could be material to our consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows for any interim reporting period. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 10 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FORR . On November 27, 2018, in conjunction with the announcement of the acquisition of SiriusDecisions, Forrester announced the indefinite suspension of its quarterly dividend program beginning in 2019. The actual declaration of any potential future dividends, and the establishment of the per share amount and payment dates for any such future dividends, are subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 As of March 6, 2023 there were approximately 24 stockholders of record of our common stock. On March 6, 2023 the closing price of our common stock was 34.09 per share. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an aggregate 585.0 million to purchase common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased approximately 17.0 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 510.0 million. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock under the stock repurchase program. 
 See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information on our equity compensation plans. 
 The following graph contains the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock during the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 with the cumulative return during the same period for the Russell 2000 and the S P 600 Small Cap Information Technology Index, and assumes that the dividends, if any, were reinvested. 
 11 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 12 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 We derive revenues from subscriptions to our Research products and services, licensing electronic reprints of our Research, performing consulting projects and advisory services, and hosting events. We offer contracts for our Research products that are typically renewable annually and payable in advance. Subscription products are recognized as revenue over the term of the contract. Accordingly, a substantial portion of our billings are initially recorded as deferred revenue. Reprints include an obligation to deliver a customer-selected research document and certain usage data provided through an on-line platform, which represents two performance obligations. We recognize revenue for the performance obligation for the data portion of the reprint ratably over the license term. We recognize revenue for the performance obligation for the research document at the time of providing access to the document. Billings for licensing of reprints are initially recorded as deferred revenue. Clients purchase consulting projects and advisory services independently and/or to supplement their access to our subscription-based products. Consulting project revenues, which are based upon fixed-fee agreements, are recognized as the services are provided. Advisory service revenues, such as speeches and advisory days, are recognized when the service is complete or the customer receives the agreed upon deliverable. Billings attributable to consulting projects and advisory services are initially recorded as deferred revenue. Events revenues consist of ticket and sponsorship sales for a Forrester-hosted event. Billings for events are also initially recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue upon completion of each event. 
 Our primary operating expenses consist of cost of services and fulfillment, selling and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Cost of services and fulfillment represents the costs associated with the production and delivery of our products and services, including salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for all personnel that produce and deliver our products and services, including all associated editorial, travel, and support services. Selling and marketing expenses include salaries, sales commissions, bonuses, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, travel expenses, promotional costs, and other costs incurred in marketing and selling our products and services. General and administrative expenses include the costs of the technology, operations, finance, and human resources groups and our other administrative functions, including salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation expense. Overhead costs such as facilities, net of sublease income, and annual fees for cloud-based information technology systems are allocated to these categories according to the number of employees in each group. 
 Our key metrics focus on our contract value CV products. We are focusing on CV products as these products are our most profitable products and historically our contracts for CV products have renewed at high rates (as measured by our client retention and wallet retention metrics). Our CV products make up essentially all of our research revenues. 
 We calculate CV at the foreign currency rates used for internal planning purposes each year. For comparative purposes, we have recast historical CV at the current year foreign currency rates. We have included the recast CV metric below for the year ended December 31, 2021, and we have also provided recast CV amounts dating back to the fourth quarter of 2020, on the investor relations section of our website. 
 Contract value, client retention, wallet retention, and number of clients are metrics that we believe are important to understanding our research business. We define these metrics as follows: 
 Contract value (CV) is defined as the value attributable to all of our recurring research-related contracts. Contract value is calculated as the annualized value of all contracts in effect at a specific point in time, without regard to how much revenue has already been recognized. Contract value primarily consists of subscription-based products for which revenue is recognized on a ratable basis, except for the entitlements embedded in our subscription products, such as event tickets and advisory sessions, for which the revenue is recognized when the item is delivered. Contract value also includes our reprint products, as these products are used throughout the year by our clients and are typically renewed. 

Client retention represents the percentage of client companies (defined as all clients that buy a CV product) at the prior year measurement date that have active contracts at the current year measurement date. 

Wallet retention represents a measure of the CV we have retained with clients over a twelve-month period. Wallet retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing the annualized contract value of our current clients, who were also clients a year ago, by the total annualized contract value from a year ago. 

Clients is calculated at the enterprise level as all clients that have an active CV contract. 

Client retention and wallet retention are not necessarily indicative of the rate of future retention of our revenue base. A summary of our key metrics is as follows (dollars in millions): 
 13 

As of 

Absolute 

Percentage 

December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Contract value 

353.4 

343.0 

10.4 

3 

Client retention 

74 

78 

(4) points 

Wallet retention 

94 

102 

(8) points 

Number of clients 

2,778 

3,005 

(227) 

(8) 

Contract value increased 3 during 2022 and this represents an 11-point decrease from the 14 growth in contract value that we generated during 2021. The decline in our CV growth rate was primarily due to a significant decline in our retention metrics and client count during 2022. The decrease in our retention rates and number of clients is primarily attributable 1) macroeconomic conditions affecting our client base including a) funding and budget pressure on our smaller technology clients and b) the uncertain economic conditions caused by high inflation, increasing interest rates, geopolitical turbulence, and the threat of recession, and 2) the ongoing transition of our client base to our Forrester Decisions product platform that was launched in August 2021. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of our CV was composed of our Forrester Decisions products, and we anticipate achieving approximately two-thirds of our CV in Forrester Decisions products by the end of 2023. The ongoing macroeconomic conditions and product transition are anticipated to pressure our key metrics through the first half of 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including but not limited to, those related to our revenue recognition, goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets, and income taxes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, data available at the time the estimates are made, and various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We consider the following accounting estimates to be those that require the most subjective judgment or that involve uncertainty that could have a material impact on our financial statements. If actual results differ significantly from management s estimates and projections, there could be a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition . We generate revenues from subscriptions to our Research products and services, licensing electronic reprints of our Research, performing consulting projects and advisory services, and hosting events. We execute contracts that govern the terms and conditions of each arrangement. Revenues are recognized when an approved contract with a customer exists, the fees, payment terms, and rights regarding the products or services to be transferred can be identified, it is probable we will collect substantially all of the consideration for the products and services expected to be provided, and we have transferred control of the products and services to the customer. We continually evaluate customers ability and intention to pay by reviewing factors including the customer s payment history, our ability to mitigate credit risk, and experience selling to similarly situated customers. Although write-offs of customer receivables have not been significant during the last three years 0.7 million, 0.3 million, and 0.9 million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively), if our customers' financial condition were to deteriorate unexpectedly, we could experience a significant increase in our expense. 

Our contracts may include either a single promise (referred to as a performance obligation) to transfer a product or service or a combination of multiple promises to transfer products or services. We evaluate the existence of multiple performance obligations within our products and services by using judgment to determine if: (1) the customer can benefit from each contractual promise on its own or together with other readily available resources; and (2) the transfer of each contractual promise is separately identifiable from other promises in a contract. When both criteria are met, each promise is accounted for as a separate performance obligation. Revenues from contracts that contain multiple products or services are allocated among the separate performance obligations on a relative basis according to their standalone selling prices. We obtain the standalone selling prices of our products and services based upon an analysis of standalone sales of these products and services. When there is an insufficient history of standalone sales, we use judgment to estimate the standalone selling price, taking into consideration available market conditions, factors used to set list prices, pricing of similar products, and internal pricing objectives. Standalone selling prices are typically analyzed and updated on an annual basis, or as business conditions change. 
 14 

Consulting project revenues are recognized over time as the services are provided, based on an input method that calculates the total hours expended compared to the estimated hours required to satisfy the performance obligation. This method requires the use of judgement in determining the required number of hours to complete the project. 
 We are required to estimate the amount of prepaid performance obligations that will expire unused and recognize revenue for that estimate over the same period the related rights are exercised by our customers. This assessment requires judgment, including estimating the percentage of prepaid rights that will go unexercised and anticipating the impact that future changes to products, pricing, and customer engagement will have on actual expirations. We update the estimates used to recognize unexercised rights on a quarterly basis. 
 Goodwill, Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets . As of December 31, 2022, we had 291.7 million of goodwill and intangible assets with finite lives recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

When acquiring a business, as of the acquisition date, we determine the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is required to be assessed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that there may be an impairment. An impairment assessment requires evaluating the potential impairment at the reporting unit level using either a qualitative assessment, to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, or a quantitative analysis, to determine and compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, or a combination of both. Judgement is required in determining the use of a qualitative or quantitative assessment, as well as in determining each reporting unit s estimated fair value as it requires us to make estimates of market conditions and operational performance, including projected financial results, discount rates, control premium, and valuation multiples for key financial metrics. 
 Absent an event that indicates a specific impairment may exist, we have selected November 30th as the date to perform the annual goodwill impairment test. We completed the annual goodwill impairment testing as of November 30, 2022 utilizing a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair values of each of our reporting units was less than their respective carrying values and concluded that no impairments existed. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that goodwill is impaired. Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Intangible assets with finite lives as of December 31, 2022 consist of acquired customer relationships, acquired technology, and acquired trademarks and were valued according to the future cash flows they were estimated to produce or the estimated costs to replace the assets. These assigned values are amortized on a basis which best matches the periods in which the economic benefits are expected to be realized. Tangible assets with finite lives consist of property and equipment, which are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Other long-lived assets consist primarily of operating lease right-of-use assets as described under Leases in the critical accounting policies and estimates footnote found in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 We continually evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate the estimated remaining useful life of any of our intangible assets, tangible assets, or operating lease right-of-use assets may warrant revision, or that the carrying value of these assets may be impaired. To compute whether these assets have been impaired, we estimate the undiscounted future cash flows for the estimated remaining useful life of the assets and compare that to the carrying value. To the extent that the future cash flows are less than the carrying value, the assets are written down to their estimated fair value. 
 During 2022, we recorded 3.7 million of right-of-use asset impairments and 1.3 million of leasehold improvement impairments related to closing one floor of our offices located at 150 Spear Street, San Francisco, California. During 2020, we recorded 2.3 million of right-of-use asset impairments and 1.1 million of leasehold improvement impairments related to a facility lease we no longer used as a result of the integration of an acquired entity from 2019. 
 Income Taxes . We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, operating loss carryforwards (from acquisitions) and U.S. capital losses (through December 31, 2021). Such amounts are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in the tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred taxes to an amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed for some portion or all of a net deferred income tax asset. Judgment is required in considering the relative impact of negative and positive evidence. In arriving at these judgments, the weight given to the potential effect of negative and positive evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we maintained a valuation allowance of 1.0 million and 1.1 million, respectively, primarily relating to foreign net operating loss carryforwards from an acquisition and as of December 31, 2021, also from U.S. capital losses from our investment in technology-related private equity funds. During 2020, we recognized an income tax benefit in the amount of 1.0 million 

15 

from the utilization of a capital loss carryforward, and the reversal of the related valuation allowance, due to a sale of an investment within the private equity fund. 

Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Income as a percentage of total revenues for the years noted. 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Research revenues 

65.9 

65.8 

Consulting revenues 

28.4 

31.6 

Events revenues 

5.7 

2.6 

Total revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of services and fulfillment 

41.6 

40.8 

Selling and marketing 

33.8 

34.6 

General and administrative 

12.6 

11.7 

Depreciation 

1.7 

1.9 

Amortization of intangible assets 

2.5 

3.1 

Integration costs 

0.1 

Restructuring costs 

1.7 

Income from operations 

6.1 

7.8 

Interest expense 

(0.5) 

(0.9) 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.2) 

Gains on investments, net 

0.1 

Income before income taxes 

5.7 

6.7 

Income tax expense 

1.6 

1.7 

Net income 

4.1 

5.0 

16 

2022 compared to 2021 
 Revenues 

Absolute 

Percentage 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

(dollars in millions) 

Total revenues 

537.8 

494.3 

43.5 

9 

Research revenues 

354.5 

325.3 

29.1 

9 

Consulting revenues 

152.6 

156.1 

(3.5) 

(2) 

Events revenues 

30.7 

12.9 

17.9 

139 

Revenues attributable to customers outside of the U.S. 

111.7 

112.7 

(1.0) 

(1) 

Percentage of revenue attributable to customers outside of the U.S. 

21 

23 

(2) points 

Total revenues increased 9 during 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 10 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. Revenues from customers outside of the U.S. decreased 1 during 2022 compared to the prior year, and increased by 5 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. 
 Research revenues are recognized as revenue primarily on a ratable basis over the term of the contracts, which are generally twelve-month periods. Research revenues increased 9 during 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 10 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The increase in revenues was primarily due to the combined effect of strong CV growth of 14 during 2021 and lower CV growth of 3 during 2022. Due to the ongoing macroeconomic conditions and the Forrester Decisions product transition (as discussed under our key metrics above), we anticipate our CV growth rate to further decline in the range of flat to low single digits through the first half of 2023. 
 Consulting revenues decreased 2 during 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased by 1 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a decrease in delivery of advisory services by our research analysts as they shifted more of their efforts to developing and delivering our CV products, which have been partially offset by an increase in delivery of consulting services by our consulting organization. 
 Events revenues increased 139 during 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 142 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The increase in revenues was primarily due an increase in both sponsorship revenues and paid ticket attendance, primarily due to the return of in-person attendance at our events. All of our events during 2022 were held as hybrid events, consisting of both in-person and virtual experiences, while all of our events during 2021 were held as virtual events. 
 Refer to the Segment Results section below for a discussion of revenue and expenses by segment. 
 Cost of Services and Fulfillment 

Absolute 

Percentage 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Cost of services and fulfillment (dollars in millions) 

223.8 

201.8 

22.0 

11 

Cost of services and fulfillment as a percentage of total revenues 

42 

41 

1 point 

Service and fulfillment employees (at end of period) 

920 

822 

98 

12 

Cost of services and fulfillment expenses increased 11 in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 13 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The increase was primarily due to (1) a 8.9 million increase in event expenses due to the return of in-person attendance at our events, (2) a 7.4 million increase in compensation and benefit costs due to an increase in headcount, benefit costs, and merit increases, which were partially offset by lower incentive bonus costs, (3) a 2.4 million increase in stock compensation expense, (4) a 1.7 million increase in travel and entertainment expenses due to the return of in-person attendance at our events and increased general business travel, and (5) a 0.8 million increase in professional services costs primarily due to an increase in contractor costs. 
 17 

Selling and Marketing 

Absolute 

Percentage 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Selling and marketing expenses (dollars in millions) 

181.9 

170.9 

11.0 

6 

Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues 

34 

35 

(1) point 

Selling and marketing employees (at end of period) 

804 

720 

84 

12 

Selling and marketing expenses increased 6 in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 8 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The increase was primarily due to (1) a 9.4 million increase in compensation and benefit costs due to an increase in headcount, commissions expense, benefit costs, and merit increases, which were partially offset by lower incentive bonus costs, (2) a 1.1 million increase in stock compensation expense, and (3) a 0.9 million decrease in allocated facilities costs. 
 General and Administrative 

Absolute 

Percentage 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

General and administrative expenses (dollars in millions) 

67.7 

58.1 

9.6 

17 

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues 

13 

12 

1 point 

General and administrative employees (at end of period) 

309 

239 

70 

29 

General and administrative expenses increased 17 in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased by 19 when excluding the effect of changes in foreign currencies. The increase was primarily due to (1) a 3.5 million increase in compensation and benefit costs due to an increase in headcount, benefit costs, and merit increases, which were partially offset by lower incentive bonus costs, (2) a 3.3 million increase in professional services costs due to an increase in legal and contractor costs, (3) a 1.0 million increase in stock compensation expense, and (4) a 0.9 million increase in software costs. 
 Depreciation 
 Depreciation expense was consistent in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization expense decreased by 2.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized in 2021. We expect amortization expense related to our intangible assets to be approximately 11.9 million for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 Restructuring 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we incurred restructuring costs of 9.3 million. Approximately 5.0 million of the costs related to an impairment of the right-of-use asset and leasehold improvements for the closing of one floor of our offices located at 150 Spear Street, San Francisco, California. In addition, we incurred 4.3 million of costs for severance and related benefits for the termination, in January 2023, of approximately 4 of our employees across various geographies and functions to streamline operations. Approximately all of the 4.3 million of the severance and related benefit costs incurred during 2022 are expected to be paid in 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our borrowings and realized gains and losses on the related interest rate swap. Interest expense decreased by 1.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower average outstanding borrowings. The benefit from lower outstanding borrowings was partially offset by an increase in the annualized interest rate on our borrowings during 2022. We expect interest expense in 2023 to be essentially consistent with 2022. 
 18 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of gains and losses on foreign currency, gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts, and interest income. Other income (expense), net increased by 1.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a decrease in foreign currency losses and an increase in interest income. 
 Gains on Investments, Net 
 Gains on investments, net primarily represents our share of equity method investment gains and losses from our technology-related investment funds. Gains on investments, net increased 0.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to an increase in investment gains generated by the underlying funds. 
 Income Tax Expense 

Absolute 

Percentage 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Provision for income taxes (dollars in millions) 

8.9 

8.3 

0.6 

7 

Effective tax rate 

29 

25 

4 points 

The increase in the effective tax rate during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased non-deductible stock compensation, an increase in foreign subsidiary income subject to U.S. tax in 2022, and an increase in non-deductible expenses related to meals and entertainment in 2022 that did not occur in 2021. These increases were partially offset by a benefit related to a change in tax legislation during 2022. 
 Segment Results 
 We operate in three segments: Research, Consulting, and Events. These segments, which are also our reportable segments, are based on our management structure and how management uses financial information to evaluate performance and determine how to allocate resources. Our products and services are delivered through each segment as described below. 
 The Research segment includes the revenues from all of our research products as well as consulting revenues from advisory services (such as speeches and advisory days) delivered by our research organization. Research segment costs include the cost of the organizations responsible for developing and delivering these products in addition to the cost of the product management organization that is responsible for product pricing and packaging and the launch of new products. 
 The Consulting segment includes the revenues and the related costs of our project consulting organization. The project consulting organization delivers a majority of our project consulting revenue and certain advisory services. 
 The Events segment includes the revenues and the costs of the organization responsible for developing and hosting in-person and virtual events. As of January 1, 2022, we realigned our events sales costs from selling and marketing expense to the Events segment as they now fall under the Events management structure. The 2021 amounts have been revised to conform to the current presentation. 
 We evaluate reportable segment performance and allocate resources based on segment revenues and expenses. Segment expenses include the direct expenses of each segment organization and exclude selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation expense, adjustments to incentive bonus compensation from target amounts, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and integration costs, interest and other income (expense), and gains on investments. The accounting policies used by the segments are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements. We do not review or evaluate assets as part of segment performance. Accordingly, we do not identify or allocate assets by reportable segment. 
 19 

Research Segment 

Consulting Segment 

Events Segment 

Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 

Research revenues 

354,453 

354,453 

Consulting revenues 

41,559 

111,028 

152,587 

Events revenues 

30,747 

30,747 

Total segment revenues 

396,012 

111,028 

30,747 

537,787 

Segment expenses 

(133,566) 

(56,889) 

(21,801) 

(212,256) 

Year over year revenue change 

6 

2 

139 

9 

Year over year expense change 

13 

10 

72 

16 

Research Segment 

Consulting Segment 

Events Segment 

Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 (In thousands) 

Research revenues 

325,340 

325,340 

Consulting revenues 

47,247 

108,867 

156,114 

Events revenues 

12,861 

12,861 

Total segment revenues 

372,587 

108,867 

12,861 

494,315 

Segment expenses 

(118,155) 

(51,770) 

(12,709) 

(182,634) 

Research segment revenues increased 6 during 2022 compared to 2021. Research product revenues within this segment increased 9 , which was primarily due to the combined effect of strong CV growth of 14 during 2021 and lower CV growth of 3 during 2022. Consulting product revenues within this segment decreased 12 primarily due to decreased delivery of consulting and advisory services by our research analysts as they shifted more of their efforts to developing and delivering our CV products. 
 Research segment expenses increased 13 during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to (1) a 13.5 million increase in compensation and benefit costs primarily due to an increase in headcount, benefit costs, and merit increases and (2) a 1.1 million increase in travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Consulting segment revenues increased 2 during 2022 compared to 2021 due to demand for our content marketing and strategy consulting offerings. 
 Consulting segment expenses increased 10 during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to (1) a 3.6 million increase in compensation and benefit costs primarily due to an increase in headcount, benefit costs, and merit increases and (2) a 1.5 million increase in professional services primarily due to an increase in contractor costs. 
 Event segment revenues increased 139 during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in revenues was due to an increase in both sponsorship revenues and paid ticket attendance, primarily due to the return of in-person events. 
 Event segment expenses increased 72 during 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in event expenses due to the return of in-person attendance at our events. 
 A detailed description and analysis of the fiscal year 2020 year-over-year changes can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily through funds generated from operations. Research revenues, which constituted 66 of our revenues during 2022, are generally renewable annually and are typically payable in advance. We generated cash from operating activities of 39.4 million and 107.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 67.6 million decrease in cash provided from operations during 2022 was primarily due to 1) a 50.9 million decrease in cash generated from accounts receivable and deferred revenue due to an increase in deferred revenue during the 2021 period from client billings in excess of revenue that did not recur in the 2022 period, 2) a 26.5 million increase in cash used for accrued expenses resulting from the payout of year end incentive compensation, and 3) a 14.5 million reduction in cash used for working capital (excluding accounts receivable, deferred revenue and accrued expenses). 
 During 2022, we used cash in investing activities of 6.8 million, which consisted of 5.7 million of purchases of property and equipment, primarily consisting of computer software and equipment, and 1.4 million in net purchases of marketable investments. During 2021, we used cash in investing activities of 29.3 million, which consisted of 18.6 million in net purchases of marketable 
 20 

investments and 10.7 million of purchases of property and equipment, primarily consisting of computer software, leasehold improvements and equipment. 
 During 2022, we used 38.9 million of cash from financing activities primarily due to 25.0 million of discretionary repayments of our revolving credit facility and 15.1 million for purchases of our common stock, partially offset by 1.2 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our stock-based incentive plans. During 2021, we used 49.1 million of cash from financing activities primarily due to 34.4 million of repayments of our debt, which consisted of 9.4 million of required payments on our term loan and 25.0 million of discretionary payments on our revolving credit facility, 20.1 million for purchases of our common stock, as well as 3.4 million in taxes paid related to net share settlements of restricted stock units, partially offset by 9.2 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our stock-based incentive plans. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining stock repurchase authorization was approximately 75.0 million. 
 On December 21, 2021, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into an amendment of our existing credit facility, dated as of January 3, 2019, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and the lenders party thereto (the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Existing Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, (a) increase the aggregate principal amount of revolving credit commitments (the Revolving Credit Facility from 75.0 million to 150.0 million and eliminate the existing term loan facility, (b) extend the scheduled maturity date of the revolving credit commitments to December of 2026, (c) reduce (i) the applicable margin with respect to revolving loans to, at Forrester s option, (i) between 1.25 and 1.75 per annum for loans based on LIBOR and (ii) between 0.25 and 0.75 per annum for loans based on the applicable base rate, in each case, based on Forrester s consolidated total leverage ratio, (d) reduce the commitment fee applicable to undrawn revolving credit commitments to between 0.30 and 0.20 per annum based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, (e) replace the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenant under the Existing Credit Agreement with a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.50:1.00 and (f) include a covenant limiting the amount of capital expenditures in each fiscal year. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement permits an increase in commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount up to 50.0 million, subject to approval by the Administrative Agent and certain customary terms and conditions. Additional information is provided in Note 4 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on December 21, 2026. There was a balance of 50.0 million outstanding on the facility at December 31, 2022. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain customary restrictive loan covenants, including among others, financial covenants that apply a maximum leverage ratio, minimum interest coverage ratio, and maximum annual capital expenditures. The negative covenants limit, subject to various exceptions, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens on assets, merge, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve any part of the Company, sell assets, change fiscal year, or enter into certain transactions with affiliates and subsidiaries. We were in full compliance with the covenants as of December 31, 2022 and expect to continue to be in compliance through the next 12 months. 
 Additional future contractual cash obligations extending over the next 12 months and beyond primarily consist of operating lease payments. We lease office space under non-cancelable operating lease agreements (refer to Note 5 Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). The remaining duration of non-cancelable office space leases ranges from less than 1 year to 8 years. Remaining lease payments within one year, within two to three years, within four to five years, and after five years from December 31, 2022 are 16.5 million, 30.1 million, 17.7 million, and 8.7 million, respectively. 
 In addition to the contractual cash commitments included above, we have other payables and liabilities that may be legally enforceable but are not considered contractual commitments. See Note 14 Certain Balance Sheet Accounts in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our payables and liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable investments of 123.3 million. This balance includes 81.4 million held outside of the U.S. If the cash outside of the U.S. is needed for operations in the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. state taxes and may be required to pay withholding taxes to foreign jurisdictions to repatriate these funds. However, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these funds for our U.S. operations. We believe that our current cash balance and cash flows from operations will satisfy working capital, financing activities, and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months and to meet our known long-term cash requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial condition. 
 21 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The following discussion about our market risk disclosures involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates on our variable-rate debt. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange . On a global level, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as we enter into normal business transactions that may be in currencies other than the local currency of our subsidiaries, including the Euro, British Pound, and other foreign currencies. During 2022, we entered into several foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and we may continue to enter into hedging agreements in the future. In addition, transactions and account balances between our U.S. and foreign subsidiaries expose us to currency exchange risk. This exposure may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We incurred foreign currency exchange losses of 0.2 million, 1.4 million, and 0.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk . As of December 31, 2022, we had 50.0 million in total debt principal outstanding. See Note 4 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations. 
 All of our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was based on a floating base rate of interest, which exposes us to increases in interest rates. As an indication of our potential exposure to changes in interest rates, a hypothetical 25 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates on our debt could change our annual pretax interest expense for the following 12-month period by approximately 0.1 million. 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and maintain liquidity while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, we maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable investments in a variety of securities during the course of the year, which may include U.S. government agencies, municipal notes and bonds, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, and money market funds. The securities, other than money market funds, are classified as available-for-sale and consequently are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. If interest rates rise, the market value of our investments may decline, which could result in a realized loss if we are forced to sell an investment before its scheduled maturity. We have the ability to hold our fixed income investments until maturity (without giving effect to any future acquisitions or mergers). Therefore, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by a sudden change in market interest rates on our securities portfolio. In addition, given the short maturities and investment grade quality of the portfolio holdings at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not materially affect the fair value of our cash and cash equivalents. 
 The following table provides information about our investment portfolio, for which all of the securities are denominated in U.S. dollars. For investment securities, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by maturity date. Principal amounts by maturity dates (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Corporate obligations 

11,982 

3,815 

1,906 

Federal obligations 

1,985 

Total 

11,982 

5,800 

1,906 

Weighted average interest rates 

3.45 

2.88 

2.53 

22 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial St atements and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements listed in the following Index to Financial Statements are filed as a part of this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 24 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 26 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 27 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 28 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 31 

23 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Forrester Research, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Forrester Research, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 24 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Identification of Distinct Performance Obligations 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates all of its revenues from contracts with customers, which totaled 537.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Performance obligations within a contract are identified based on the products and services promised to be transferred in the contract. When a contract includes more than one promised product or service, management must apply judgment to determine whether the promises represent multiple performance obligations or a single, combined performance obligation. This evaluation requires management to determine if the promises are both capable of being distinct, where the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources readily available, and are distinct within the context of the contract, where the transfer of products or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. When both criteria are met, each promised product or service is accounted for as a separate performance obligation. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification of distinct performance obligations, is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating evidence related to management s identification of the distinct performance obligations. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the identification of performance obligations. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for identifying distinct performance obligations within contracts with customers and evaluating the revenue recognition impact of contractual terms and conditions by examining contracts on a test basis. 

/s/ 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 25 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable investments (Note 2) 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (Note 1, 14) 

Deferred commissions 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities (Note 14) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5, 15) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value 

Authorized - shares; issued and outstanding - 

Common stock, par value 

Authorized - shares 

Issued - and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Outstanding - and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock - and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 26 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues: 

Research 

Consulting 

Events 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of services and fulfillment 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Integration costs 

Restructuring costs 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Gains on investments, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic income per common share 

Diluted income per common share 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

27 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation 
 
 () 

() 

Net change in market value of interest rate swap 

() 

Net change in market value of investments 
 
 () 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

28 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Treasury Stock 

Other 

Total 

Number of 

0.01 Par 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Number of 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Value 

Capital 

Earnings 

Shares 

Cost 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Cumulative effect adjustment due to adoption of new accounting pronouncement, net of tax 

() 

() 

Net income 

Net change in interest rate swap, net of tax 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Net change in interest rate swap, net of tax 

Net change in marketable investments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under stock plans, including tax effects 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Net change in interest rate swap, net of tax 

Net change in marketable investments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 29 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Impairment of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Net gains from investments 
 
 () 

() 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Operating lease right-of-use assets amortization and impairments 

Amortization of deferred financing fees 

Amortization of premium (discount) on investments 
 
 () 

Foreign currency losses 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 () 

Deferred revenue 
 
 () 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Purchases of marketable investments 
 
 () 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable investments 

Proceeds from sales of marketable investments 

Other investing activity 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments on borrowings 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

() 

Deferred acquisition payments 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee equity incentive plans 

Taxes paid for net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 () 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 () 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 30 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

consumers, business leaders, and technology leaders worldwide, rigorous and objective research methodologies, over million r eal-time feedback votes, and the shared wisdom of our clients. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for reporting on Form 10-K. The Company s fiscal year is the twelve months from January 1 through December 31 and all references to 2022, 2021, and 2020 refer to the fiscal year unless otherwise noted. Principles of Consolidations The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Forrester and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Management Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Forrester considers the more significant of these estimates to be revenue recognition, ongoing impairment reviews of goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets, and income taxes. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 , the Company adopted Topic 326 using the modified retrospective method in which prior periods are not adjusted and the cumulative effect of applying the standard is recorded at the date of initial application. The Company recorded a cumulative effect adjustment of million to decrease retained earnings as a result of adopting the standard. The allowance for expected credit losses on accounts receivable for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and adoption impact is summarized in Note 14 - Certain Balance Sheet Accounts . When evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for expected credit losses, the Company makes judgments regarding the collectability of accounts receivable based, in part, on the Company s historical loss rate experience, customer concentrations, management s expectations of future losses as informed by current economic conditions, and changes in customer payment terms. If the expected financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. If the expected financial condition of the Company s customers were to improve, the allowances may be reduced accordingly. The Company adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment on . The standard simplified the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and required that instead, an entity should perform its goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. The adoption of this standard did not impact the Company s financial position or results of operations. The Company adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement on . The standard modified the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements under Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement , including changes to transfers between fair value levels, and Level 3 fair value measurements. Changes required upon adoption of this standard are included in Note 8 Fair Value Measurements and did not impact the Company s financial position or results of operations. The Company adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software: Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract on using the prospective method . The standard aligned the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 
 or less to be cash equivalents. The Company s portfolio of investments may at any time include securities of U.S. government agencies, municipal notes and bonds, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, and money market funds. Marketable investments are classified as current assets as they are available for use in current operations. Forrester accounts for all marketable investments as available-for-sale securities and as such, the marketable investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses (not related to credit losses) recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Realized gains and losses on securities are included in earnings and are determined using the specific identification method. The Company conducts periodic reviews to identify and evaluate each investment that has an unrealized loss, in accordance with the meaning of other-than-temporary impairment and its application to certain investments, as required under the accounting standards. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities that are determined to be temporary, and not related to credit loss, are recorded, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any other-than-temporary impairment losses on its available-for-sale securities. The Company did not own any marketable investments during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company did not realize any gains or losses from the Company's available-for-sale securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Restricted cash classified in other assets (1): 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in statement of cash flows 

(1) Restricted cash consists of collateral required for leased office space. The short-term or long-term classification regarding the collateral for the leased office space is determined in accordance with the expiration of the underlying leases. 

single customer accounted for greater tha n of revenues or 4 o f accounts receivable in any of the periods presented. Forrester does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 t consummate a business combination during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 . 
 as the date for performing the annual goodwill impairment test. Goodwill impairment charges have t been required for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 million and million of long-lived asset impairment charges during 2022 and 2020, respectively (refer to Note 5 Leases ). impairment charges were recorded during 2021 . 
 
 million, million, and million of foreign exchange losses durin g 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes revenue when a customer obtains control of promised products or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. The Company follows the five-step model prescribed under Topic 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. Revenues are presented net of any sales or value added taxes collected from customers and remitted to the government. The Company accounts for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the fees, payment terms and rights of the parties regarding the products or services to be transferred are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable that substantially all of the consideration for the products and services expected to be transferred is collectible. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intention to pay for services expected to be transferred, which is based on factors including the customer s payment history, management s ability to mitigate exposure to credit risk (for example, requiring payment in advance of the transfer of products or services, or the ability to stop transferring promised products or services in the event a customer fails to pay consideration when due), and experience selling to similarly situated customers. Since the transaction price is fixed and defined as part of entering into a contract, and generally does not change, variable consideration is insignificant. Performance obligations within a contract are identified based on the products and services promised to be transferred in the contract. When a contract includes more than one promised product or service, the Company must apply judgment to determine whether the promises represent multiple performance obligations or a single, combined performance obligation. This evaluation requires the Company to determine if the promises are both capable of being distinct, where the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources readily available, and are distinct within the context of the contract, where the transfer of products or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. When both criteria are met, each promised product or service is accounted for as a separate performance obligation. In cases where the promises are distinct, the Company is further required to evaluate if the promises are a series of products and services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer (referred to as the series guidance). When the Company determines that promises meet the series guidance, they are accounted for as a single, combined performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative basis according to their standalone selling prices. The Company determines standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the Company does not have a history of selling a performance obligation, management applies judgment to estimate the standalone selling price, taking into consideration available information, including market conditions, factors considered to set list prices, pricing of similar products, and internal pricing objectives. The corresponding allocated revenues are recognized when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied, as discussed further below. Research revenues The majority of research revenues are annual subscriptions to our research, including access to a designated portion of our research and, depending on the type of license, unlimited analyst inquiry or guidance sessions, an executive coach or advisor, peer offerings, and unlimited participation in Forrester webinars, all of which are delivered throughout the contract period. The Company has concluded that these promises represent a stand ready obligation to provide a daily information service, in which the services are the same each day, every day is distinct, and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the Company transfers control throughout the contract period. Accordingly, these subscriptions meet the requirements of the series guidance and are each accounted for as a single performance obligation. The Company recognizes revenue ratably over the contract term, using an output measure of time elapsed. Certain of the research products include advisory services and/or an event ticket, which are accounted for as a separate performance obligation and are recognized at the point in time the service is completed, the final deliverable is transferred to the customer, or the event occurs. Research revenues also include sales of electronic reprints, which are written research documents prepared by Forrester s analysts and hosted via an on-line platform. Reprints include a promise to deliver a customer-selected research document and certain usage data provided through the on-line platform, which represents two performance obligations. The Company satisfies the performance obligation for the research document by providing access to the electronic reprint and accordingly recognizes revenue at that point in time. The Company satisfies the performance obligation for the data portion of the reprint on a daily basis and accordingly recognizes revenue over time. Consulting revenues Consulting revenues consists of consulting projects and advisory services. Consulting project revenues consist of the delivery of focused insights and recommendations that assist customers with their challenges in developing and executing strategies around technology, customer experience, and digital transformation. Projects are fixed-fee arrangements that are generally completed over two weeks to . The Company has concluded that each project represents a single performance obligation as each is a single promise to deliver a customized engagement and deliverable. For the majority of these services, either practically or contractually, the work performed and delivered to the customer has no alternative use to the Company. Additionally, Forrester maintains an enforceable right to payment at all times throughout the contract. The Company utilizes an input method and recognizes revenue over time, based on hours expended relative to the total estimated hours required to satisfy the performance obligation. The input method closely aligns with how control of interim deliverables is transferred to the customer throughout the engagement and is also the method used internally to price the project and assess operational performance. If the Company were to enter into an agreement where it does not have an enforceable right to payment at all times, revenue would be recognized at the point in time the project is completed. Advisory services revenues are short-term presentations or knowledge sharing sessions (which can range from one hour to ), such as speeches and advisory days. Each is a promise for a Forrester analyst to deliver a deeper understanding of Forrester s published research and represents a single performance obligation. Revenue is recognized at the point in time the service is completed or the final deliverable is transferred to the customer, which is when the customer has received the benefit(s) of the service. Events revenues Events revenues consist of either ticket or sponsorship sales for Forrester-hosted events. Each is a single promise that either allows entry to, or grants the right to promote a product or service at, a specific event. The Company concluded that each of these represents a single performance obligation. The Company recognizes revenue at the completion of the event, which is the point in time when the customer has received the benefit(s) from attending or sponsoring the event. Prepaid performance obligations Prepaid performance obligations (including event tickets, reprints, consulting projects, and advisory services) on non-cancellable contracts, for which the Company estimates will expire unused, are recognized in proportion to the pattern of related rights exercised by the customer. This assessment requires judgment, including estimating the percentage of prepaid rights that will go unexercised and anticipating the impact that future changes to products, pricing, and customer engagement will have on actual expirations. The Company updates estimates used to recognize unexercised rights on a quarterly basis. Contract modifications Consulting contracts are occasionally modified to update the scope of the services purchased. Since a consulting project is a single performance obligation that is only partially satisfied at the modification date, the updated project requirements are not distinct and the modification is accounted for as part of the existing contract. The effect of the modification on the transaction price and the Company s measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either an increase or decrease) on a cumulative catch-up basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an immaterial amount of cumulative catch-up adjustments. Refer to Note 13 Operating Segment and Enterprise Wide Reporting for a summary of disaggregated revenue by geographic region. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities contract assets as of December 31, 2022. The majority of the Company s contracts are non-cancelable. However, for contracts that are cancelable by the customer, the Company does not record a receivable when it issues an invoice. The Company records accounts receivable on these contracts only up to the amount of revenue earned but not yet collected. In addition, since the majority of the Company s contracts are for a duration of and payment is expected within from the transfer of products and services, the Company does not adjust its receivables or transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component. 
 million a nd million of revenue, respectively, related to its deferred revenue balance at January 1 of each such period. Approx imately million of reve nue is expected to be recognized during the next months from remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 . 
 elected the practical expedient to account for these costs at a portfolio level as the Company s contracts are similar in nature and the amortization model used closely matches the amortization expense that would be recognized on a contract-by-contract basis. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized to earnings over the initial contract term, which is the same period the related revenue is recognized. Amortization of the expense related to deferred commissions wa s million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively, and is recorded in selling and marketing expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred commissions at each balance sheet date and there were impairments recorded during 2022, 2021, or 2020 . 
 The Company considers various economic factors when making this determination, including, but not limited to, the significance of leasehold improvements incurred in the office space, the difficulty in replacing the asset, underlying contractual obligations, and specific characteristics unique to a particular lease. Subsequent to entering into a lease arrangement, the Company reassesses the certainty of exercising options to extend or terminate a lease. When it becomes reasonably certain that the Company will exercise an option that was not included in the lease term, the Company accounts for the change in circumstances as a lease modification, which results in the remeasurement of the ROU asset and lease liability as of the modification date. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term based on the total lease payments (which include initial direct costs and lease incentives). The expense is included in operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are fixed charges stated in an agreement and primarily include payments for parking at the leased office facilities. The Company accounts for the lease and fixed payments for non-lease components as a single lease component under Topic 842, which increases the amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. Most of the Company s lease agreements also contain variable payments, primarily maintenance-related costs, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the measurement of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not material. 
 million, million, and million, respectively. These expenses consisted primarily of online marketing and is included in selling and marketing expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

options were granted in 2022, 2021, or 2020): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life 
 
 Years 

Years 

Years 

Expected volatility 

Weighted average fair value 

Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of Forrester s common stock as well as management s expectations of future volatility over the expected term of the awards granted. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rate with an equivalent remaining term. The expected term calculation is based upon the option period of the employee stock purchase plan. The unamortized fair value of stock-based awards as of December 31, 2022 wa s million w ith a weighted average remaining recognition perio d of year s. 
 to 

Computer software 
 
 to 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

to 

Technology 
 
 to 

Trademarks 
 
 to Years 

Weighted average common equivalent shares 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Options and restricted stock units excluded from diluted weighted average share calculation as effect would have been anti-dilutive 

As of December 31, 2022 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Market 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

Corporate obligations 

() 

Federal agency obligations 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Market 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

Corporate obligations 

() 

Total 

() 

Realized gains and losses on investments are included in earnings and are determined using the specific identification method. There were realized gains or losses on marketable investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Federal agency obligations 

Total 

Federal agency obligations 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or Greater 

Market 

Unrealized 

Market 

Unrealized 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Corporate obligations 

Total 

Translation adjustments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Translation adjustments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

he Company performed its annual impairment test as of November 30, 2022 utilizin g a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair values of each of its reporting units was less than their respective carrying values, and concluded that no impairments existed. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had accumulated goodwill impairment losses and the Consulting reporting unit had a negative carrying value. 

Technology 

Trademarks 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Gross 

Net 

Carrying 

Accumulated 

Carrying 

Amount 

Amortization 

Amount 

Amortizable intangible assets: 

Customer relationships 

Technology 

Trademarks 

Total 

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was approxi mately milli on, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million to million and eliminate the existing term loan facility, (b) extend the scheduled maturity date of the revolving credit commitments to December of 2026 , (c) reduce (i) the applicable margin with respect to revolving loans to, at Forrester s option, (i) between and per annum for loans based on LIBOR and (ii) between and per annum for loans based on the applicable base rate, in each case, based on Forrester s consolidated total leverage ratio, (d) reduce the commitment fee applicable to undrawn revolving credit commitments to between and per annum based on the Company's consolidated total leverage ratio, (e) and (f) include a covenant limiting the amount of capital expenditures made by the Company in each fiscal year. On December 21, 2021, the Company converted the million outstanding term loan amounts under the Existing Credit Agreement to million outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility as the lenders remained the same under both facilities. The Amended Credit Agreement permits the Company to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount up to million, subject to approval by the Administrative Agent and certain customary terms and conditions. The Company may voluntarily prepay revolving loans under the Amended Credit Agreement at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage reimbursement requirements for LIBOR-based loans. No interim amortization payments are required to be made under the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amended Credit Agreement provides that once LIBOR ceases to exist in 2023, the benchmark rate for the Revolving Credit Facility will automatically transfer from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Up to million of the Revolving Credit Facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit, and any drawings under the letters of credit must be reimbursed within one business day. As of December 31, 2022, million in letters of credit were issued under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company incurred million in costs related to the issuance of the Revolving Credit Facility under the Amended Credit Agreement, which are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility and are included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Amended Credit Agreement was accounted for as a debt modification and thus existing debt issuance costs were written off to interest expense as a result of the modification. Existing Credit Agreement Prior to December 21, 2021, the Company had a credit facility that provided for a million Term Loan A facility and a million Revolving Credit Facility. The term loan amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement were repaid when the Company entered into the Amended Credit Agreement on December 21, 2021. Outstanding Borrowings 

(1) , which consisted of LIBOR of plus a margin of . 

 (2) mil lion of available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Facility (not including the expansion feature) as of December 31, 2022 . 

 (3) an d , respectively. 

The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain customary restrictive loan covenants, including among others, financial covenants that apply a maximum leverage ratio, minimum interest coverage ratio, and maximum annual capital expenditures. The negative covenants limit, subject to various exceptions, the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens on assets, merge, consolidate, liquidate or dissolve any part of the Company, sell assets, change fiscal year, or enter into certain transactions with affiliates and subsidiaries. The Company was in full compliance with the covenants as of December 31, 2022. The Facility also contains customary events of default, representations, and warranties. All obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Company s existing and future, direct and indirect, material wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, other than certain excluded subsidiaries, and are collateralized by a first priority lien on substantially all tangible and intangible assets, including intellectual property, and all of the capital stock of the Company and its subsidiaries (limited to of the voting equity of certain subsidiaries). 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Sublease income 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Total lease cost 

Operating ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Short-term operating lease liabilities (1) 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

(1) 

The Company s leases do not contain residual value guarantees, material restrictions or covenants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company subleased one of its facilities in San Francisco, California. The sublease agreement expires in 2024 and (i) does not include renewal and termination options, (ii) provides for customary escalations of lease payments in the normal course of business, and (iii) grants the subtenant certain allowances, such as free rent. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of ROU asset impairments and million of leasehold improvement impairments related to closing one floor of its offices located at 150 Spear Street, San Francisco, California. The space had been vacant prior to the Company electing to permanently reduce its office space. The impairments are included in restructuring costs in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Du ring the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded million of ROU asset impairments and million of leasehold improvement impairments related to a facility lease from the SiriusDecisions acquisition in 2019 that the Company no longer used as a result of the integration of SiriusDecisions. The impairments are included in integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The leasehold improvements were originally recorded in property and equipment, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result of the impairments, the ROU asset and leasehold improvements were required to be recorded at their estimated fair value as Level 3 non-financial assets. The fair value of the asset group was determined using a discounted cash flow model, which required the use of estimates, including projected cash flows for the related assets, the selection of a discount rate used in the model, and regional real estate industry data. The fair value of the asset group was allocated to the ROU asset and leasehold improvements based on their relative carrying values. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company received a variable incentive payment of million from one of its landlords to terminate the related office space lease early. This amount was recognized as a reduction in variable lease expense. The Compa ny did not have any lease impairments or abandonments during 2021. 

 , with an initial notional amount of million. The Company paid a base fixed rate of and in return received the greater of: (1) 1-month LIBOR, rounded up to the nearest 1/16 of a percent, or (2) . The swap had been designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge of the forecasted interest payments on the Company s debt. The swap was considered to be a highly effective hedge of the designated interest rate risk for the entire contract period and changes in the fair value of the swap were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Foreign Currency Forwards The Company enters into a limited number of foreign currency forward exchange contracts to mitigate the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on transactions entered into in the normal course of business that are denominated in foreign currencies that differ from the local functional currency. These contracts generally have short durations and are recorded at fair value with both realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income because the Company does not designate these contracts as hedges for accounting purposes. During 2022, the Company entered into ten foreign currency forward exchange contracts, all of which settled by December 31, 2022. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, there are no amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2021, the Company entered into seven foreign currency forward exchange contracts, all of which settled by December 31, 2021. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2021, there are no amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2020, the Company entered into three foreign currency forward exchange contracts, all of which settled by December 31, 2020. The Company s derivative counterparties are investment grade financial institutions. The Company does not have any collateral arrangements with its derivative counterparties and the derivative contracts do not contain credit risk related contingent features.) 

() 

() 

Other income (expense ), net (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

Level 3 Fair value based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and such inputs are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Marketable investments (2) 

Total Assets 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Total 

Assets: 

Money market funds (1) 

Marketable investments (2) 

Total Assets 

Liabilities: 

Interest rate swap (3) 

() 

() 

Total Liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not transfer assets or liabilities between levels of the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, there have been no changes to the valuation techniques for Level 2 assets and liabilities. Level 3 activity consisted entirely of the contingent purchase price related to the acquisition of FeedbackNow during 2018.) 

Fair value adjustment of contingent purchase price (1) 

() 

Payment of contingent purchase price (2) 

Foreign exchange effect 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

(1) 

 (2) million was paid to the sellers during the fourth quarter of 2020. 

45 

Foreign 

Total 

State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: 

State tax provision, net of federal benefit 

Foreign tax rate differential 

() 

() 

() 

Stock compensation 

() 

Withholding taxes 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Foreign subsidiary income subject to U.S. tax 

() 

() 

Change in tax legislation 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Effective tax rate 

The increase in the effective tax rate during 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased non-deductible stock compensation, an increase in foreign subsidiary income subject to U.S. tax in 2022, and an increase in non-deductible expenses related to meals and entertainment in 2022 that did not occur in 2021. These increases were partially offset by a benefit related to a change in tax legislation in 2022. 

Net operating loss and other carryforwards 

Stock compensation 

Lease liability 

Gross deferred tax asset 

Less - valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Sub-total 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Goodwill and intangible assets 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-term net deferred tax assets wer e million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Long-term net deferred tax liabilities were mil lion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has fully utilized its U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards. The Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwa rds of approximately million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. Approximately million of the foreign net o perating loss carryforwards relate to a prior acquisition, the utilization of which is subject to limitation under the tax law of the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has U.S. federal and state capital loss carryforward s. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed for some portion or all of a net deferred income tax asset. Judgment is required in considering the relative impact of negative and positive evidence. In arriving at these judgments, the weight given to the potential effect of negative and positive evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Although realization is not assured, based upon the Company s historical taxable income and projections of the Company s future taxable income over the periods during which the deferred tax assets are deductible and the carryforwards expire, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances, as discussed below. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained a valuation allowance of approxima tely milli on and million, respectively, primarily relating to foreign net operating loss carryforwards from an acquisition, and as of December 31, 2021, also from U.S. capital losses from the Company s investment in technology-related private equity funds. 

Additions 

Deductions 

() 

() 

() 

Change in tax legislation 

Translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Deferred tax valuation allowance at December 31 

The Company will generally be free of additional U.S. federal tax consequences on additional unremitted foreign earnings that have been subject to U.S. tax primarily through GILTI or would be eligible for a dividends received deduction for earnings distributed after January 1, 2018. Notwithstanding the U.S. taxation of these amounts, the Company intends to continue to invest all of its unremitted earnings of millio n, as well as the capital in these subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. unless there are opportunities in the future to repatriate in a tax efficient manner. The Company does not expect to incur any material, additional taxes related to such amounts.	 The Company utilizes a two-step process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken on a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax position should be recognized in the financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Translation adjustments 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not expect the liability for unrecognized tax benefits to change materially within the next 12 months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense and such amounts were not significant in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Accrued interest and penalties were insignificant at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. Generally, the Company is no longer subject to U.S., state, local, and foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities in its major jurisdictions for years before 2016, except to the extent of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards from those years. Major taxing jur isdictions include the U.S., the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Switzerland. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no jurisdictions under audit. 

 shares of par value preferred stock. The Board of Directors has full authority to issue this stock and to fix the voting powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges, liquidation preferences, and the number of shares constituting any series or designation of such series. Treasury Stock As of December 31, 2022, Forrester s Board of Directors has authorized an aggre gate milli on to purchase common stock under the Company s stock repurchase program. The shares repurchased may be used, among other things, in connection with Forrester s equity incentive and purchase plans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased approximatel y million share s of common stock at an aggregate cos t of million . Dividends The Company does t currently pay cash dividends on its common stock . Equity Plans The Company maintains the Forrester Research, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan ). The Equity Incentive Plan, which runs until May 2026, provides for the issuance of stock-based awards, including incentive stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NSOs ), and restricted stock units RSUs to purchase up to shares authorized in the plan a nd shares r eturned from prior plans. Under the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan, ISOs may not be granted at less than fair market value on the date of grant (and in no event less than par value). Options and RSUs generally vest annually over and options expire after years. future awards can be granted or issued under prior plans and there is a maximum amount of awards issuable under the plan to the Company s non-employee Directors. RSUs granted to non-employee directors vest quarterly over . Options and RSUs granted under the Equity Incentive Plan immediately vest upon certain events, as described in the plan. As of December 31, 2022, approximate ly million share s were available for future grant of awards under the Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022 , options remain o utstanding under prior plans. Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock units represent the right to receive share of Forrester common stock when the restrictions lapse and the vesting conditions are met. RSUs are valued on the date of grant based upon the value of the Company s stock on the date of grant less the present value of dividends expected to be paid during the requisite service period. Shares of Forrester s common stock are delivered to the grantee upon vesting, subject to a reduction of shares for payment of withholding taxes. The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020 w as , , and , respectively. The value of RSUs vested and converted to common stock, based on the value of Forrester s common stock on the date of vesting, w as million , million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock Options 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021, and 2020 wa s million , million, and million, respectively. stock options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In May 2022, stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which provided for an additional shares of common stock, par value per share, to be granted under the plan. The Comp any's Third Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Stock Purchase Plan ), provides for the issuance of up to million shares of common stock and as of December 31, 2022, approximate ly million shares remain available for issuance. With certain limited exceptions, all employees of Forrester whose customary employment is more than 20 hours per week, including officers and directors who are employees, are eligible to participate in the Stock Purchase Plan. Purchase periods under the Stock Purchase Plan are in length and commence on each successive March 1 and September 1. Stock purchased under the Stock Purchase Plan is required to be held for before it is able to be sold. During each purchase period the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased by an employee is limited to the number of shares equal to divided by the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the purchase period. An employee may elect to have up to deducted from his or her compensation for the purpose of purchasing shares under the Stock Purchase Plan. The price at which the employee s shares are purchased is the lower of: (1) of the closing price of the common stock on the day that the purchase period commences, or (2) of the closing price of the common stock on the day that the purchase period terminates. 

August 31, 2022 

February 28, 2021 

August 31, 2021 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss AOCL )) 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation (1) 

Unrealized loss before reclassification, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Reclassification to income, net of tax of (2) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation (1) 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) before reclassification, net of tax of 

() 

Reclassification to income, net of tax of (2) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation (1) 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) before reclassification, net of tax of 

() 

3 

Reclassification to income, net of tax of (2) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) The Company does not record tax provisions or benefits for the net changes in foreign currency translation adjustments as it intends to permanently reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. 

 (2) Reclassification is related to the Company s interest rate swap (cash flow hedge) and was recorded in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 6 Derivatives and Hedging . 

million, million, million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

 of its employees across various geographies and functions to streamline operations. The Company record ed millio n of severance and related costs for this action in the fouth quarter of 2022. The Company also recorded a restructuring charge of milli on during the fourth quarter of 2022 related to closing one floor of its offices located at 150 Spear Street, San Francisco, California, of which million related to an impairment of a right-of-use asset and million related to an impairment of leasehold improvements. Approximately all million of the severance and related benefit costs incurred during 2022 are expected to be paid in 2023. 

 50 

million and million, respectively, an d is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s investments are accounted for using the equity method as the investments are limited partnerships and the Company has an ownership interest in excess of . Accordingly, the Company records its share of the investee s operating results each period, which are included in gains on investments, net in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company recorded million and million in gains from its non-marketable investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively, and gains were immaterial during 2021. The Company uses the cumulative earnings approach to classify distributions received from equity method investments. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, distributions were received from the funds. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million was distributed from the funds to the Company. This amount was included within other investing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as it was considered a return on investment. 

 segments: Research, Consulting, and Events. These segments, which are also the Company's reportable segments, are based on the management structure of the Company and how the chief operating decision maker uses financial information to evaluate performance and determine how to allocate resources. The Company s products and services are delivered through each segment as described below. The Research segment includes the revenues from all of the Company s research products as well as consulting revenues from advisory services (such as speeches and advisory days) delivered by the Company s research organization. Research segment costs include the cost of the organizations responsible for developing and delivering these products in addition to the costs of the product management organization responsible for product pricing and packaging, and the launch of new products. The Consulting segment includes the revenues and the related costs of the Company s project consulting organization. The project consulting organization delivers a majority of the Company s project consulting revenue and certain advisory services. The Events segment includes the revenues and the costs of the organization responsible for developing and hosting in-person and virtual events. As of January 1, 2022, the Company realigned its events sales costs from selling and marketing expense to the Events segment as they now fall under the Events management structure. The 2021 and 2020 amounts have been revised to conform to the current presentation. The Company evaluates reportable segment performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and expenses. Segment expenses include the direct expenses of each segment organization and exclude selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation expense, adjustments to incentive bonus compensation from target amounts, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring and integration costs, interest and other income (expense), and gains on investments. The accounting policies used by the segments are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements. The Company does not review or evaluate assets as part of segment performance. Accordingly, the Company does not identify or allocate assets by reportable segment. 

Consulting revenues 

Events revenues 

Total segment revenues 

Segment expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Selling, marketing, administrative and other expenses 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets 

() 

Restructuring costs 

() 

Interest expense, other income, and gains on investments 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Research Segment 

Consulting Segment 

Events Segment 

Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Research revenues 

Consulting revenues 

Events revenues 

Total segment revenues 

Segment expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Selling, marketing, administrative and other expenses 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets 

() 

Integration costs 

() 

Interest expense, other expense, and gains on investments 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Research Segment 

Consulting Segment 

Events Segment 

Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Research revenues 

Consulting revenues 

Events revenues 

Total segment revenues 

Segment expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Selling, marketing, administrative and other expenses 

() 

Amortization of intangible assets 

() 

Integration costs 

() 

Interest expense, other expense, and gains on investments 

() 

Income before income taxes 

United Kingdom 

Europe (excluding United Kingdom) 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

Europe (excluding United Kingdom) 

United Kingdom 

Canada 

Asia Pacific 

Other 

Total 

2022 

2021 

2020 

United States 

Europe (excluding United Kingdom) 

United Kingdom 

Canada 

Asia Pacific 

Other 

Total 

52 

Computer software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 
 
 () 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

The Company incurs costs to develop or obtain internal use computer software used for its operations, and certain of these costs meeting the criteria in ASC 350 Internal Use Software (as updated by ASU No. 2018-15, refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies are capitalized and amortized over their useful lives. The entire balance in the computer software category above consists of these costs. Amortization of capitalized internal use software costs to taled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included in depreciation expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities: 

Taxes 

Lease liability 

Other 

Total 

Non-Current Liabilities: 

Other 

Total 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: 

Cumulative effect adjustment of adopting Topic 326 (1) 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Write-offs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Translation adjustments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Balance, end of year 

(1) 

53 

54 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company, 2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and 3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other I nformation 
 On March 8, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our bylaws to clarify procedures relating to our existing advance notice bylaws and any potential nomination of directors under Rule 14a-19 Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including as to the maximum number of nominees a stockholder may nominate and the impact of noncompliance with Rule 14a-19 by a stockholder who provides notice of nomination pursuant to Rule 14a-19. 
 A copy of our bylaws marked to show the changes approved by our Board is filed as Exhibit 3.4 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and an unmarked copy of our bylaws incorporating the changes approved by our Board is filed as Exhibit 3.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable 
 
 55 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers, and Corporate Governance 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information about our executive officers as of March 10, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

George F. Colony 

69 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

Ryan D. Darrah 

51 
 
 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

L. Christian Finn 

52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Carrie Johnson 

47 
 
 Chief Product Officer 

Mike Kasparian 

47 
 
 Chief Information Officer 

Sharyn Leaver 

48 
 
 Chief Research Officer 

Sarah Le Roy 

54 
 
 Chief People Officer 

Shirley Macbeth 

51 
 
 Chief Marketing Officer 

Steven Peltzman 

54 
 
 Chief Business Technology Officer 

Nate Swan 

57 
 
 Chief Sales Officer 

George F. Colony , Forrester s founder, has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since the Company s inception in July 1983, and as President since September 2001 and from 1983-2000. 
 Ryan D. Darrah began serving as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary in March 2017. Previously, he was the Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company. Prior to joining the Company in 2007, Mr. Darrah served as General Counsel and Secretary of Sports Loyalty Systems, Inc. and ProfitLogic, Inc. 
 L. Christian Finn became the Company s Chief Financial Officer in September 2021. Prior to joining Forrester, he was Vice President FP A and Global Procurement of LogMeIn, Inc., a software as a service company focused on unified communications and collaboration, from September 2015 to September 2021. Prior to joining LogMeIn, from 2011 to 2015 Mr. Finn was with Nuance Communications, Inc., most recently serving as the Chief Financial Officer of its Healthcare division. 
 Carrie Johnson became Forrester s Chief Product Officer in January 2022. Previously, she served as Chief Research Officer from November 2018 until January 2022, Senior Vice President, Research from August 2015 to November 2018, and Vice President, Group Director from October 2013 to August 2015. Ms. Johnson joined Forrester in 1998. 
 Mike Kasparian began serving as Chief Information Officer in May 2018. Previously he served as Vice President, Information Technology from 2011 to May 2018. Mr. Kasparian joined Forrester in 2001. 
 Sharyn Leaver began serving as the Company's Chief Research Officer in January 2022. Previously she served as Senior Vice President, Research, from November 2018 to January 2022, and Vice President and Group Research Director from October 2013 to November 2018. Ms. Leaver joined Forrester in 2001. 
 Sarah Le Roy became the Company's Chief People Officer in April 2022. Prior to joining Forrester, she was Chief Human Resources Officer of RSA Security, a computer and network security company based in Bedford, Massachusetts, from December 2020 to April 2022. Prior to joining RSA, from 2019 to 2020 Ms. Le Roy was Chief Human Resources Officer of Decision Resources Group based in Burlington, Massachusetts and from 2018 to 2019 she was Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, of Lantheus Medical Imaging based in Billerica, Massachusetts. 
 Shirley Macbeth became the Company s Chief Marketing Officer in March 2020. Prior to joining Forrester, she was Senior Vice President, Corporate Marketing, of ACI Worldwide, a publicly traded payment systems company, from October 2011 to March 2020. 
 Steven Peltzman joined Forrester as its Chief Business Technology Officer in September 2011. From 2001 to 2011, Mr. Peltzman was the Chief Information Officer of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. Prior to that, Mr. Peltzman served as the Chief Technology Officer at MarketMedical.com and as the vice president of technology at Earthweb and was an officer in the United States Air Force. 
 Nate Swan became Forrester s Chief Sales Officer in January 2023. Prior to joining Forrester, he was Vice President of Sales at OneTrust LLC, a software as a service company focused on privacy management software platforms, from January to December 2022. Prior to joining OneTrust, from June to September 2021, Mr. Swann was Chief Sales Officer of Ideal Image, and from 1997 until June of 2021, he was with Gartner, Inc., most recently as Senior Vice President, Sales Learning and Development. 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covers all employees, officers and directors, including our principal executive, financial and accounting officers. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found on our web site, www.forrester.com . 
 56 

We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, that relates to a substantive amendment or material departure from a provision of the Code, by posting such information on our Internet website at www.forrester.com . We also intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market regarding waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our Internet website at www.forrester.com . 
 The remainder of the response to this item is contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Election of Directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance , all of which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The response to this item is contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The response to this item is contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, the number of options issued under our equity incentive plans and the number of shares available for future issuance under these plans: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)(1) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

771,072 
 
 (1) 
 
 35.58 

2,136,068 
 
 (2) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

771,072 

35.58 

2,136,068 

(1) Includes 682,122 restricted stock units that are not included in the calculation of the weighted average exercise price. 

(2) Includes, as of December 31, 2022, 1,412,830 shares available for issuance under our Equity Incentive Plan and 723,238 shares that are available for issuance under our Stock Purchase Plan. 

The shares available under our Equity Incentive Plan are available to be awarded as restricted or unrestricted stock or stock units. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The response to this item is contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Information with Respect to Board of Directors , Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Related Person Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The response to this item is contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Independent Auditors Fees and Other Matters and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 57 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 
 a. Financial Statements . See Index to Financial Statement herein. 
 b. Financial Statement Schedules . None. 
 c. Exhibits . A complete listing of exhibits required is given in the Exhibit Index herein, which precedes the exhibits filed with this report. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 
 
 Not applicable. 

58 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 26, 2018, by and among Forrester Research, Inc., Supernova Acquisition Corp., SiriusDecisions, Inc., the Founder Stockholders named therein, and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Stockholder Representative 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Forrester Research, Inc. (see Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1A filed on November 5, 1996) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Forrester Research, Inc. (see Exhibit 3.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Forrester Research, Inc. 

3.4(1) 
 
 Amendments to Amended and Restated By-Laws Effective March 8, 2023 

3.5(1) 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Forrester Research, Inc. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate for Shares of Common Stock, .01 par value, of Forrester Research, Inc. (see Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1A filed on November 5, 1996) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Common Stock 

10.01+ 
 
 Registration Rights and Non-Competition Agreement (see Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 26, 1996) 

10.02+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

10.03+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan 

10.04+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Certificate (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.05+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Certificate (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.06+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Stock Option Certificate (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.07+(1) 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.08+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.09+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Directors with One-Year Vesting (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.10+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Certificate with Non-Solicitation Covenant (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.11+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Certificate with Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition Covenant (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement with Non-Solicitation Covenant (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement with Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition Covenant (Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan) 

10.14+(1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Cash Incentive Plan 

10.15+ 
 
 Executive Quarterly Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the 2021 Form 10-K) 

10.16 
 
 Forrester Research, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 

10.17 
 
 Lease of Premises at Cambridge Discovery Park, Cambridge, Massachusetts dated as of September 29, 2009 from BHX, LLC, as Trustee of Acorn Park I Realty Trust to the Company 

10.18 
 
 First Amendment of Lease dated as of December 21, 2009 by 200 Discovery Park, LLC, successor to BHX, LLC, as Trustee of Acorn Park I Realty Trust, and the Company 

10.19 
 
 Agreement Regarding Project Rights dated as of September 29, 2009, by BHX, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company, as Trustee of Acorn Park I Realty Trust, a Massachusetts nominee trust, and the Company 

59 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment of Lease dated as of February 8, 2012 by 200 Discovery Park, LLC and the Company 

10.21 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2019, among the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 

10.22 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, among the Company, as borrower, SiriusDecisions, Inc. and Whitcomb Investments, Inc., each as subsidiary guarantors, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 

21(1) 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1(1) 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1(1) 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

31.2(1) 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

32.1(2) 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2(2) 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE(1) 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104(1) 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) Filed herewith. 

(2) Furnished herewith. 

+ Denotes management contract or compensation arrangements. 
 60 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ GEORGE F. COLONY 

George F. Colony 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity In Which Signed 
 
 Date 

/s/ GEORGE F. COLONY George F. Colony 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ L. CHRISTIAN FINN L. Christian Finn 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ SCOTT R. CHOUINARD Scott R. Chouinard 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ YVONNE L. WASSENAAR Yvonne L. Wassenaar 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ ROBERT M. GALFORD Robert M. Galford 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ GRETCHEN TEICHGRAEBER Gretchen Teichgraeber 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ DAVID J. BOYCE David J. Boyce 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ ANTHONY J. FRISCIA Anthony J. Friscia 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ NEIL BRADFORD Neil Bradford 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ JEAN BIRCH Jean Birch 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

/s/ WARREN ROMINE Warren Romine 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 10, 2023 

61 

<EX-3>
 2
 forr-ex3_4.htm
 EX-3.4

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.4 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS OF FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 May 23, 2017 
 March 8, 2023 

ARTICLE 1 STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1.1 Place of Meetings . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the corporation. 
 
 1.2 Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held at 10:00 a.m. on the second Tuesday in May each year (unless that day be a legal holiday in the place, if any, where the meeting is to be held in which case the meeting shall be held at the same hour on the next succeeding day not a legal holiday) or at such other date and time as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President and stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 1.3 Special Meeting . Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time only by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (or, if there is no Chief Executive Officer, the President) or the Board of Directors. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. 
 
 1.4 Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise provided by law, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notices of all meetings shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and vote at such meeting. The notice of a special meeting shall state, in addition, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 
 1.5 Voting List . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place, if any, of the meeting during the whole time of the meeting, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger of the corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this Section 1.5 or the books of the corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders. 
 
 1.6 Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 1.7 Adjournments . Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned to any other time and to any other place, if any, at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these By-Laws, either by the stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote, although less than a quorum, or, if no stockholder is present, by any officer entitled to preside at or to act as Secretary of such meeting. It shall not be necessary to notify any stockholder of any adjournment of less than 30 days if the time and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is taken, unless after the adjournment a 
 1 
 
 new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 
 1.8 Voting and Proxies . Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote held of record by such stockholder and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held, unless otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may vote or express such consent or dissent in person or may authorize another person or persons to vote or act for him by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by applicable law. No such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from the date of its execution, unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. 
 
 1.9 Action at Meeting . When a quorum is present at any meeting, the holders of a majority of the stock present or represented and voting on a matter (or if there are two or more classes of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each such class, the holders of a majority of the stock of that class present or represented and voting on a matter) shall decide any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders at such meeting, except when a different vote is required by express provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. Any election of a director by stockholders shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at the election. 
 
 1.10 Nomination of Directors . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation (1) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.10 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting or special meeting and (2) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.10. 
 
 In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the corporation. 
 
 To be timely, In addition to a stockholder complying with the provisions of Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act , to be timely, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or be mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the corporation (a) in the case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation; provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first; and (b) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders of the corporation called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or a special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and home address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, 
 2 
 
 with respect to stock of the corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act , and the rules and regulations thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of the stockholder giving the notice and the name and principal place of business of such beneficial owner; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting or special meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 
 If (I) any stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (II) such stockholder or the beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf the notice is made subsequently (x) notifies the corporation that such stockholder or beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf the notice is made no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of the election or reelection of such proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act or (y) then fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, then the corporation shall disregard any proxies solicited for such proposed nominee(s) (subject to applicable law). Upon request by the corporation, if a stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or the beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf such notice is made shall deliver to the Secretary, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting date, reasonable evidence that the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act have been satisfied. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) may not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting, and no stockholder shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in this Section 1.10. 
 
 3 
 
 A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at an annual meeting or special meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting or special meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such annual meeting or special meeting. 
 
 No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.10. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation. 
 
 1.11 Notice of Business at Annual Meetings . At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (iii) otherwise properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder of the corporation who (i) is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.11 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, if such business relates to the election of directors of the corporation, the procedures in Section 1.10 must be complied with. If such business relates to any other matter, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 A stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) the class and number of all shares of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (iii) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person and the number of shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (iv) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation and (v) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; (c) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such 
 4 
 
 business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (d) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (e) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.11 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary of the corporation at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 and except that any stockholder proposal which complies with Rule 14a-8 of the proxy rules (or any successor provision) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and which is to be included in the corporation s proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders, shall be deemed to comply with the requirements of this Section 1.11. 
 
 The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.11, and if he should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 
 1.12 Action without Meeting . At any time during which a class of capital stock of the corporation is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 
 1.13 Organization . The Chairman of the Board, or in his absence the Vice Chairman of the Board designated by the Chairman of the Board, or the President, in the order named, shall call meetings of the stockholders to order, and act as chairman of such meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may appoint any stockholder to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board. The Secretary of the corporation shall act as secretary at all meetings of the stockholders; but in the absence of the Secretary at any meeting of the stockholders, the presiding officer may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 1.14 Conduct of Meetings . The Board of Directors of the corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. 

ARTICLE 2 DIRECTORS 
 
 2.1 General Powers . The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors, who may exercise all of the powers of the corporation except as otherwise provided by law, the 
 5 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. In the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board until the vacancy is filled. 
 
 2.2 Number; Election and Qualification . The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, but in no event shall such number of directors be less than three. The number of directors may be decreased at any time and from time to time by a majority of the directors then in office, but only to eliminate vacancies existing by reason of the death, resignation, removal or expiration of the term of one or more directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders by such stockholders as have the right to vote on such election. Directors need not be stockholders of the corporation. 
 
 2.3 Terms of Office . Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the term of office of each director who is in office immediately prior to the closing of the polls for the election of directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders shall expire at such time. From and after the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, each director shall be elected to serve for a term ending on the date of the next annual meeting of the stockholders; provided, that the term of each director shall be subject to the election and qualification of his or her successor and to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 2.4 Vacancies . Except as otherwise provided for or fixed by or pursuant to the provisions of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation relating to the rights of the holders of any class or series of the corporation s preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, any vacancy in the Board of Directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, shall be filled only by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 
 
 2.5 Resignation . Any director may resign by delivering his written resignation to the corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. 
 
 2.6 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of a regular meeting, the date of which has been so publicized, shall not be required. 
 
 2.7 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, designated in a call by the Chairman of the Board, the President or one-third or more in number of the directors, or by one director in the event that there is only a single director in office. 
 
 2.8 Notice of Special Meetings . Notice of any special meeting of directors shall be given to each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice shall be duly given to each director (i) by giving notice to such director in person or by telephone at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) by sending a telegram, telecopy or telex, electronic transmission, or delivering written notice by hand, to his last known business or home address at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, or (iii) by mailing written notice to his last known business or home address at least 72 hours in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a special meeting of the Board of Directors need not specify the purposes of the meeting. 
 
 2.9 Meetings by Telephone Conference Calls . Directors or any members of any committee designated by the directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 2.10 Quorum . A majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In the event one or more of the directors shall be disqualified to vote at any meeting, then the required quorum shall be reduced by one for each such director so disqualified; provided , however , that in no case shall less than one-third (1/3) of the number of directors so fixed pursuant to Section 2.2 constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, a majority of the directors present may 
 6 
 
 adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 
 2.11 Action at Meeting . At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of those present shall be sufficient to take any action, unless a greater number is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. 
 
 2.12 Action by Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent to the action in writing, and the written consents are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. 
 
 2.13 Removal . A director of the corporation may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of directors at a meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose of removing such director. 
 
 2.14 Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board of Directors may from time to time request. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these By-Laws for the Board of Directors. 
 
 2.15 Compensation of Directors . Directors may be paid such compensation for their services and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at meetings as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation or any of its parent or subsidiary corporations in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 OFFICERS 
 
 3.1 Enumeration . The officers of the corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers with such other titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, including a Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman of the Board, and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers as it may deem appropriate. 
 
 3.2 Election . The President, Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board of Directors at such meeting or at any other meeting. 
 
 3.3 Qualification . No officer need be a stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 
 3.4 Tenure . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, each officer shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote choosing or appointing him, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 3.5 Resignation and Removal . Any officer may resign by delivering his written resignation to the corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified 
 7 
 
 to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. The Board of Directors may remove any officer at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 3.6 Vacancies . The Board of Directors may fill any vacancy occurring in any office for any reason and may, in its discretion, leave unfilled for such period as it may determine any offices other than those of President, Treasurer and Secretary. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 3.7 Chairman of the Board and Vice Chairman of the Board . The Board of Directors may appoint a Chairman of the Board. If the Board of Directors appoints a Chairman of the Board, he shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are assigned to him by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors appoints a Vice Chairman of the Board, he shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chairman of the Board and shall perform such other duties and possess such other powers as may from time to time be vested in him by the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.8 President . The President shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, have general charge and supervision of the business of the corporation. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, he shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, if he is a director, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors has designated the Chairman of the Board or another officer as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation. The President shall perform such other duties and shall have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 
 
 3.9 Vice Presidents . Any Vice President shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, the Vice President (or if there shall be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the President and when so performing shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Board of Directors may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.10 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries . The Secretary shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of the Secretary, including without limitation the duty and power to give notices of all meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, to attend all meetings of stockholders and the Board of Directors and keep a record of the proceedings, to maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required, to be custodian of corporate records and the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents. 
 
 Any Assistant Secretary shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary. 
 
 In the absence of the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors, the person presiding at the meeting shall designate a temporary secretary to keep a record of the meeting. 
 
 3.11 Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers . The Treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the President. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of Treasurer, including without limitation the duty and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation, to deposit funds of the corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these By-Laws, to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board of Directors, to make proper accounts of such funds and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the corporation. 
 
 The Assistant Treasurers shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Treasurer may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the 
 8 
 
 Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer. 
 
 3.12 Salaries . Officers of the corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 4.1 Issuance of Stock . Unless otherwise voted by the stockholders and subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the corporation or the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the corporation held in its treasury may be issued, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by vote of the Board of Directors in such manner, for such consideration and on such terms as the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 4.2 Certificates of Stock . The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman or Vice Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
 4.3 Transfers . Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificate, or otherwise in force, certificated shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the corporation by the surrender to the corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate therefor properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary transfer stamps affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the board of directors or the transfer agent of the corporation may reasonably require. Uncertificated shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the corporation upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of the uncertificated shares, an instruction from an approved source duly authorized by such owner or from an attorney lawfully constituted. Except as may be otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to receive notice and to vote or to give any consent with respect thereto and to be held liable for such calls and assessments, if any, as may lawfully be made thereon, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of the corporation. 
 
 4.4 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe, including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and the giving of such indemnity as the Board of Directors may require for the protection of the corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. 
 
 4.5 Record Date . The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action. Such record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action to which such record date relates. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting is held. The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating to such purpose. 
 9 

A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 4.6 Record Owner . The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 5.1 Fiscal Year . Except as from time to time otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, the fiscal year of the corporation shall begin on the first day of January in each year and end on the last day of December in each year. 
 
 5.2 Corporate Seal . The corporate seal shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 5.3 Notice; Waiver of Notice . If mailed, notice to a stockholder of the corporation shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to a stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders of the corporation may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, a waiver of such notice either in writing signed by the person entitled to such notice or such person s duly authorized attorney, or by telegraph, cable or any other available method, whether before, at or after the time stated in such waiver, or the appearance of such person or persons at such meeting in person or by proxy, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. 
 
 5.4 Voting of Securities . Except as the directors may otherwise designate, the President or Treasurer may waive notice of, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or attorney-in-fact for this corporation (with or without power of substitution) at, any meeting of stockholders or shareholders of any other corporation or organization, the securities of which may be held by this corporation. 
 
 5.5 Evidence of Authority . A certificate by the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, or a temporary Secretary, as to any action taken by the stockholders, directors, a committee or any officer or representative of the corporation shall, as to all persons who rely on the certificate in good faith, be conclusive evidence of such action. 
 
 5.6 Certificate of Incorporation . All references in these By-Laws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as amended or restated and in effect from time to time. 
 
 5.7 Transactions with Interested Parties . No contract or transaction between the corporation and one or more of the directors or officers, or between the corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of the directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors which authorizes the contract or transaction or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: 
 
 (1) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; 
 
 (2) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or 
 
 10 
 
 (3) The contract or transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors or the stockholders. 
 
 Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 
 
 5.8 Severability . Any determination that any provision of these By-Laws is for any reason inapplicable, illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these By-Laws. 
 
 5.9 Pronouns . All pronouns used in these By-Laws shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person or persons may require. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 AMENDMENTS 
 
 6.1 By the Board of Directors . These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present. 
 
 6.2 By the Stockholders . These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, provided notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new By-Laws shall have been stated in the notice of any regular or special meeting called for such purpose. 
 11 

</EX-3>

<EX-3>
 3
 forr-ex3_5.htm
 EX-3.5

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.5 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS OF FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 March 8, 2023 

ARTICLE 1 STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1.1 Place of Meetings . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the corporation. 
 
 1.2 Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held at 10:00 a.m. on the second Tuesday in May each year (unless that day be a legal holiday in the place, if any, where the meeting is to be held in which case the meeting shall be held at the same hour on the next succeeding day not a legal holiday) or at such other date and time as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President and stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 1.3 Special Meeting . Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time only by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (or, if there is no Chief Executive Officer, the President) or the Board of Directors. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. 
 
 1.4 Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise provided by law, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notices of all meetings shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and vote at such meeting. The notice of a special meeting shall state, in addition, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 
 1.5 Voting List . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place, if any, of the meeting during the whole time of the meeting, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger of the corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this Section 1.5 or the books of the corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders. 
 
 1.6 Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 1.7 Adjournments . Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned to any other time and to any other place, if any, at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these By-Laws, either by the stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote, although less than a quorum, or, if no stockholder is present, by any officer entitled to preside at or to act as Secretary of such meeting. It shall not be necessary to notify any stockholder of any adjournment of less than 30 days if the time and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is taken, unless after the adjournment a 
 1 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 
 1.8 Voting and Proxies . Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote held of record by such stockholder and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held, unless otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may vote or express such consent or dissent in person or may authorize another person or persons to vote or act for him by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by applicable law. No such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from the date of its execution, unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. 
 
 1.9 Action at Meeting . When a quorum is present at any meeting, the holders of a majority of the stock present or represented and voting on a matter (or if there are two or more classes of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each such class, the holders of a majority of the stock of that class present or represented and voting on a matter) shall decide any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders at such meeting, except when a different vote is required by express provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. Any election of a director by stockholders shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at the election. 
 
 1.10 Nomination of Directors . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation (1) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.10 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting or special meeting and (2) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.10. 
 
 In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the corporation. 
 
 In addition to a stockholder complying with the provisions of Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), to be timely, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or be mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the corporation (a) in the case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation; provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first; and (b) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders of the corporation called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or a special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and home address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, 
 2 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of the stockholder giving the notice and the name and principal place of business of such beneficial owner; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting or special meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 
 If (I) any stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (II) such stockholder or the beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf the notice is made subsequently (x) notifies the corporation that such stockholder or beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf the notice is made no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of the election or reelection of such proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act or (y) then fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, then the corporation shall disregard any proxies solicited for such proposed nominee(s) (subject to applicable law). Upon request by the corporation, if a stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or the beneficial owner, as applicable, on whose behalf such notice is made shall deliver to the Secretary, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting date, reasonable evidence that the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act have been satisfied. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) may not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting, and no stockholder shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in this Section 1.10. 
 
 3 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at an annual meeting or special meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting or special meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such annual meeting or special meeting. 
 
 No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.10. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation. 
 
 1.11 Notice of Business at Annual Meetings . At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (iii) otherwise properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder of the corporation who (i) is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.11 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, if such business relates to the election of directors of the corporation, the procedures in Section 1.10 must be complied with. If such business relates to any other matter, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 A stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) the class and number of all shares of the corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (iii) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person and the number of shares of stock of the corporation held by each such nominee holder, (iv) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation and (v) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the corporation; (c) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such 
 4 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (d) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (e) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.11 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary of the corporation at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 and except that any stockholder proposal which complies with Rule 14a-8 of the proxy rules (or any successor provision) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and which is to be included in the corporation s proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders, shall be deemed to comply with the requirements of this Section 1.11. 
 
 The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.11, and if he should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 
 1.12 Action without Meeting . At any time during which a class of capital stock of the corporation is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 
 1.13 Organization . The Chairman of the Board, or in his absence the Vice Chairman of the Board designated by the Chairman of the Board, or the President, in the order named, shall call meetings of the stockholders to order, and act as chairman of such meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may appoint any stockholder to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board. The Secretary of the corporation shall act as secretary at all meetings of the stockholders; but in the absence of the Secretary at any meeting of the stockholders, the presiding officer may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 1.14 Conduct of Meetings . The Board of Directors of the corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. 

ARTICLE 2 DIRECTORS 
 
 2.1 General Powers . The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors, who may exercise all of the powers of the corporation except as otherwise provided by law, the 
 5 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. In the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board until the vacancy is filled. 
 
 2.2 Number; Election and Qualification . The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, but in no event shall such number of directors be less than three. The number of directors may be decreased at any time and from time to time by a majority of the directors then in office, but only to eliminate vacancies existing by reason of the death, resignation, removal or expiration of the term of one or more directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders by such stockholders as have the right to vote on such election. Directors need not be stockholders of the corporation. 
 
 2.3 Terms of Office . Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the term of office of each director who is in office immediately prior to the closing of the polls for the election of directors at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders shall expire at such time. From and after the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, each director shall be elected to serve for a term ending on the date of the next annual meeting of the stockholders; provided, that the term of each director shall be subject to the election and qualification of his or her successor and to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 2.4 Vacancies . Except as otherwise provided for or fixed by or pursuant to the provisions of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation relating to the rights of the holders of any class or series of the corporation s preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, any vacancy in the Board of Directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, shall be filled only by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 
 
 2.5 Resignation . Any director may resign by delivering his written resignation to the corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. 
 
 2.6 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of a regular meeting, the date of which has been so publicized, shall not be required. 
 
 2.7 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, designated in a call by the Chairman of the Board, the President or one-third or more in number of the directors, or by one director in the event that there is only a single director in office. 
 
 2.8 Notice of Special Meetings . Notice of any special meeting of directors shall be given to each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice shall be duly given to each director (i) by giving notice to such director in person or by telephone at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) by sending a telegram, telecopy or telex, electronic transmission, or delivering written notice by hand, to his last known business or home address at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, or (iii) by mailing written notice to his last known business or home address at least 72 hours in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a special meeting of the Board of Directors need not specify the purposes of the meeting. 
 
 2.9 Meetings by Telephone Conference Calls . Directors or any members of any committee designated by the directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 2.10 Quorum . A majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In the event one or more of the directors shall be disqualified to vote at any meeting, then the required quorum shall be reduced by one for each such director so disqualified; provided , however , that in no case shall less than one-third (1/3) of the number of directors so fixed pursuant to Section 2.2 constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, a majority of the directors present may 
 6 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 
 2.11 Action at Meeting . At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of those present shall be sufficient to take any action, unless a greater number is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. 
 
 2.12 Action by Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent to the action in writing, and the written consents are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. 
 
 2.13 Removal . A director of the corporation may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of directors at a meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose of removing such director. 
 
 2.14 Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board of Directors may from time to time request. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these By-Laws for the Board of Directors. 
 
 2.15 Compensation of Directors . Directors may be paid such compensation for their services and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at meetings as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation or any of its parent or subsidiary corporations in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 OFFICERS 
 
 3.1 Enumeration . The officers of the corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers with such other titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, including a Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman of the Board, and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers as it may deem appropriate. 
 
 3.2 Election . The President, Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board of Directors at such meeting or at any other meeting. 
 
 3.3 Qualification . No officer need be a stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 
 3.4 Tenure . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, each officer shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote choosing or appointing him, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 3.5 Resignation and Removal . Any officer may resign by delivering his written resignation to the corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified 
 7 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. The Board of Directors may remove any officer at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 3.6 Vacancies . The Board of Directors may fill any vacancy occurring in any office for any reason and may, in its discretion, leave unfilled for such period as it may determine any offices other than those of President, Treasurer and Secretary. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 3.7 Chairman of the Board and Vice Chairman of the Board . The Board of Directors may appoint a Chairman of the Board. If the Board of Directors appoints a Chairman of the Board, he shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are assigned to him by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors appoints a Vice Chairman of the Board, he shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chairman of the Board and shall perform such other duties and possess such other powers as may from time to time be vested in him by the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.8 President . The President shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, have general charge and supervision of the business of the corporation. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, he shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, if he is a director, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors has designated the Chairman of the Board or another officer as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation. The President shall perform such other duties and shall have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 
 
 3.9 Vice Presidents . Any Vice President shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, the Vice President (or if there shall be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the President and when so performing shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Board of Directors may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.10 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries . The Secretary shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of the Secretary, including without limitation the duty and power to give notices of all meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, to attend all meetings of stockholders and the Board of Directors and keep a record of the proceedings, to maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required, to be custodian of corporate records and the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents. 
 
 Any Assistant Secretary shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary. 
 
 In the absence of the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors, the person presiding at the meeting shall designate a temporary secretary to keep a record of the meeting. 
 
 3.11 Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers . The Treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the President. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of Treasurer, including without limitation the duty and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation, to deposit funds of the corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these By-Laws, to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board of Directors, to make proper accounts of such funds and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the corporation. 
 
 The Assistant Treasurers shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Treasurer may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the 
 8 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer. 
 
 3.12 Salaries . Officers of the corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 4.1 Issuance of Stock . Unless otherwise voted by the stockholders and subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the corporation or the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the corporation held in its treasury may be issued, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by vote of the Board of Directors in such manner, for such consideration and on such terms as the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 4.2 Certificates of Stock . The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman or Vice Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
 4.3 Transfers . Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificate, or otherwise in force, certificated shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the corporation by the surrender to the corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate therefor properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary transfer stamps affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the board of directors or the transfer agent of the corporation may reasonably require. Uncertificated shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the corporation upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of the uncertificated shares, an instruction from an approved source duly authorized by such owner or from an attorney lawfully constituted. Except as may be otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to receive notice and to vote or to give any consent with respect thereto and to be held liable for such calls and assessments, if any, as may lawfully be made thereon, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of the corporation. 
 
 4.4 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe, including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and the giving of such indemnity as the Board of Directors may require for the protection of the corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. 
 
 4.5 Record Date . The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action. Such record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action to which such record date relates. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting is held. The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating to such purpose. 
 9 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 4.6 Record Owner . The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 5.1 Fiscal Year . Except as from time to time otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, the fiscal year of the corporation shall begin on the first day of January in each year and end on the last day of December in each year. 
 
 5.2 Corporate Seal . The corporate seal shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 5.3 Notice; Waiver of Notice . If mailed, notice to a stockholder of the corporation shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to a stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders of the corporation may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, a waiver of such notice either in writing signed by the person entitled to such notice or such person s duly authorized attorney, or by telegraph, cable or any other available method, whether before, at or after the time stated in such waiver, or the appearance of such person or persons at such meeting in person or by proxy, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. 
 
 5.4 Voting of Securities . Except as the directors may otherwise designate, the President or Treasurer may waive notice of, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or attorney-in-fact for this corporation (with or without power of substitution) at, any meeting of stockholders or shareholders of any other corporation or organization, the securities of which may be held by this corporation. 
 
 5.5 Evidence of Authority . A certificate by the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, or a temporary Secretary, as to any action taken by the stockholders, directors, a committee or any officer or representative of the corporation shall, as to all persons who rely on the certificate in good faith, be conclusive evidence of such action. 
 
 5.6 Certificate of Incorporation . All references in these By-Laws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as amended or restated and in effect from time to time. 
 
 5.7 Transactions with Interested Parties . No contract or transaction between the corporation and one or more of the directors or officers, or between the corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of the directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors which authorizes the contract or transaction or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: 
 
 (1) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; 
 
 (2) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or 
 
 10 
 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 (3) The contract or transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors or the stockholders. 
 
 Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 
 
 5.8 Severability . Any determination that any provision of these By-Laws is for any reason inapplicable, illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these By-Laws. 
 
 5.9 Pronouns . All pronouns used in these By-Laws shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person or persons may require. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 AMENDMENTS 
 
 6.1 By the Board of Directors . These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present. 
 
 6.2 By the Stockholders . These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, provided notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new By-Laws shall have been stated in the notice of any regular or special meeting called for such purpose. 
 11 

</EX-3>

<EX-10>
 4
 forr-ex10_07.htm
 EX-10.07

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.07 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (Performance-Based) 
 Issued Pursuant to the Forrester Research, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [ Date ] 
 
 [ Insert name and address of Participant ] 
 
 Dear [ name of Participant ]: 
 
 	The undersigned (the Participant (i) acknowledges that he/she has received an award (the Award of performance-based restricted stock units PSUs from Forrester Research, Inc. (the Company under the Forrester Research, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the terms set forth below in this agreement (the Agreement and (ii) agrees with the Company as follows: 
 
 1. Effective Date; Restricted Stock Unit Award . Provided the Company receives this Agreement duly signed by the Participant by [ Date ], this Agreement shall take effect [ Date ], which is the date of grant of the Award (the Grant Date ). The Award gives the Participant the conditional right to receive, without payment but subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, one share of Stock with respect to each PSU subject to this Award (the Shares ). Subject to adjustment as set forth in the Plan, the target number of PSUs subject to this Award is xxxx Target PSUs [ and the maximum number of PSUs subject to this Award is xxx of the Target PSUs ]. 
 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting . 
 
 This Award shall vest, [ subject to satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth in Appendix A and after giving effect to any reduction or increase in the number of PSUs subject to the Award as set forth in Appendix A ], on [ insert vesting date or schedule ] (the Vesting Date ), provided that the Participant on such date is and has been continuously employed by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company since the date of this Agreement. 
 
 	3. Delivery of Shares . Subject to Section 5 below, the Company shall, on or as soon as reasonably practicable following the Vesting Date (but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the calendar year containing such Vesting Date), effect delivery of the Shares with respect to the vested portion of the Award to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s death after vesting of all or portion of the Award, to the person to whom the Award has passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution). 
 
 	4. Dividends; Equity Interest . The Award shall not be interpreted to bestow upon the Participant any equity interest or ownership in the Company or any of its subsidiaries prior to the 
 1 

date on which the Company delivers Shares to the Participant. The Participant is not entitled to vote any Shares by reason of the granting of this Award or to receive or be credited with any dividends that may be declared and payable on any Share prior to the payment date with respect to such Share. The Participant shall have the rights of a shareholder only as to those Shares, if any, that are actually delivered under the Award. 
 
 5. Certain Tax Matters. The Participant expressly acknowledges that because this Award consists of an unfunded and unsecured promise by the Company to deliver Shares in the future, subject to the terms hereof, it is not possible to make a so-called 83(b) election with respect to the Award. The Company shall, and the Participant expressly authorizes the Company to, satisfy the federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other tax withholding obligations arising in connection with the vesting of this Award or any portion thereof by having shares of Stock withheld from the Shares deliverable to the Participant upon vesting of all or any portion of the Award, up to the greatest number of whole shares with an aggregate fair market value sufficient to satisfy the minimum required withholding applicable to the amount so vesting. 
 
 6. Nontransferability . Neither this Award nor any rights with respect thereto may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, except as the administrator may otherwise determine. 
 
 7. Reservation of Shares . The Company hereby agrees that at all times there shall be reserved for issuance and/or delivery such number of Shares as shall be required for issuance or delivery upon vesting of the Award. 
 
 8. Effect on Employment Rights . Nothing contained herein shall be construed to confer upon the Participant any right to be continued in the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or derogate from the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to retire, request the resignation of, or discharge the Participant at any time, with or without cause. The rights of the Participant are limited to those expressed herein and in the Plan and are not enforceable against the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, except to the extent set forth herein. 
 
 9. Exclusion from Pension and Incentive Computations . By acceptance of the grant of the Award, the Participant hereby agrees that any income realized upon the vesting of the Award, or upon the disposition of the Shares delivered upon vesting, is special incentive compensation and will not be taken into account as wages, salary, or compensation in determining the amount of any payment under any pension, retirement, incentive, profit-sharing, bonus, or deferred compensation plan of the Company or its subsidiaries . 
 
 10. Legal Requirements . Without limiting the generality of Section 8 of the Plan, the Company may postpone the issuance and delivery of Shares after vesting of the Award until (a) the admission of such Shares to listing on any stock exchange or exchanges on which Shares of the Company of the same classes are then listed and (b) the completion of such registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal law, rule or regulation as the Company shall determine to be necessary or advisable. 
 
 11. Amendment . The Compensation Committee may, with the consent of the Participant in the case of an amendment that adversely affects the Participant's rights under the Award, at 
 2 

any time or from time to time, amend the terms and conditions of the Award. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing. 
 
 12. Notices . Any notice which either party hereto may be required or permitted to give to the other shall be in writing, and may be delivered personally or by mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: to the Company, at its office at 60 Acorn Park Drive, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02140, or at such other address as the Company by notice to the Participant may designate in writing from time to time; to the Participant, at the address shown below his signature on this Agreement, or at such other address as the Participant by notice to the Company may designate in writing from time to time. Notices shall be effective upon receipt. 
 
 13. Personal Data . Participant agrees, understands and acknowledges that by signing this Agreement, Participant has given his/her voluntary and explicit consent to the Company to process personal data and/or sensitive personal data concerning the Participant, including but not limited to the information provided in this Agreement and any changes thereto, other necessary or appropriate personal and financial data relating to Participant and Participant s Award, participation in the Plan, and the Shares acquired upon vesting of the Award. Participant also hereby gives his or her explicit and voluntary consent to the Company to transfer any such personal data and/or sensitive personal data or information outside the country or jurisdiction in which the Participant works or is employed in order for the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Award and the Plan. Participant acknowledges that the Company and any subsidiary may make such personal data available to one or more third parties selected by the Company or the Administrator who provide services to the Company relating to the Award and the Plan. Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has been informed of his or her right of access to his or her personal data by contacting his or her strategic growth representative. Participant understands and acknowledges that the transfer of the personal data is important to the administration of the Award and the Plan and that failure to consent to the transmission of such data may limit his or her participation in the Plan. 
 
 14. Incorporation of Plan; Interpretation . The Award and this Agreement are issued pursuant to and are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms, conditions, and definitions of which are hereby incorporated as though set forth at length, and the receipt of a copy of which the Participant hereby acknowledges by his signature below. A determination of the Compensation Committee as to any questions which may arise with respect to the interpretation of the provisions of this Award and of the Plan shall be final. The Compensation Committee may authorize and establish such rules, regulations, and revisions thereof not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as it may deem advisable. 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 Forrester Research, Inc . 

By: 					 
 
 Participant 
 
 Name of Participant: _____________________		Date: _______________ 
 
 Address of Participant: ____________________________________________________ 
 
 			______________________________________________________ 
 4 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 forr-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 FORRESTER RESEARCH, INC. 
 60 Acorn Park Drive 
 Cambridge, MA 02140 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE CASH INCENTIVE PLAN 
 On February 6, 2023 the Compensation and Nominating Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of Forrester Research, Inc. (the Company approved this Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan ), originally adopted by the Committee on February 10, 2010 and first amended and restated on March 19, 2013. 
 1. Purpose of the Plan 
 The purpose of this Plan is to reward the executive officers of the Company for their contributions toward the achievement of certain Company financial and strategic goals and, if determined by the Committee, for their individual performance. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term Company , as used in this Plan, includes any of the Company s present or future parent or subsidiary corporations or entities. The term Plan year will mean the calendar year. 
 2. Administration 
 The Committee will administer and have final authority on all matters relating to the Plan. The Committee may interpret and construe the Plan, decide all matters arising under or in connection with the Plan, and reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan in the manner and to the extent it deems appropriate to carry into effect the Plan. The Committee may amend, suspend, revoke or terminate the Plan at any time. All payouts under the Plan are subject to the prior approval of the Committee. Decisions by the Committee will be in the Committee s sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan. 
 3. Eligibility 
 All of the Company s executive officers, and such other key employees as the Committee designates, will be eligible to participate in the Plan. Each executive officer and other designated employee, if any, is deemed a Participant in the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, Participants must be employed by the Company on the applicable date of payout in order to receive a bonus, if any, under this Plan; provided that the Committee may provide for payment of a prorated bonus under the Plan in the case of an employee who first becomes a Plan Participant during the course of a Plan year, or in the case of a Participant who ceases to be eligible to participate in the Plan prior to the applicable payout date. 
 
 4. Plan Overview; Target Bonus; Performance Components 
 Each Plan year the Committee will designate those Participants eligible to earn a target bonus amount Target Bonus under the Plan and each Participant s Target Bonus. Actual bonus payouts will be based on Company Performance (as defined below) for the applicable Plan year, modified upward or downward, if the Committee so determines, for Team Performance and/or Individual Performance (as defined below). The relative weightings of Team Performance and Individual Performance for any Plan year will be determined by the Committee for each Participant and may vary among Participants. 

4.1 
 Company Performance. Company performance levels are set annually in a matrix derived from the Company s operating plan for the Plan year, with the matrix approved by the Committee during the first quarter of the Plan year Company Performance ), subject to adjustment, in the Committee s discretion, to the extent deemed necessary or appropriate under the circumstances (for example, in the event of an acquisition or divestiture or a significant restructuring charge). 

4.2 
 Team Performance. Within a reasonable period of time after the commencement of each Plan year, after taking into consideration the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee may assign team performance goals applicable to all Participants, with each team performance goal assigned a weight representing the percentage of the total bonus payout for that year attributable to achievement of such goal Team Performance ). Performance relative to each Team Performance 

goal, if any, will be scored on a scale of 0.00 to 1.50, with a score of 1.00 representing target performance. The Committee may amend or modify any Team Performance goal or the weight assigned to a goal, or substitute a goal in place of an existing goal, to the extent equitable under the circumstances (for example, in the event of an acquisition or divestiture or a significant restructuring charge). 

4.3 
 Individual Performance. If the Committee determines that the bonus payout for any particular year will be subject to adjustment based on achievement of one or more individual performance goals, the Chief Executive Officer will recommend to the Committee individual performance goals for Participants reporting directly to him, and within a reasonable period of time after the commencement of each Plan year, the Committee will approve goals for each Participant, with each individual performance goal assigned a weight representing the percentage of the total bonus payout for that year attributable to the achievement of such goal Individual 

Performance ). Each Participant s performance relative to each Individual Performance goal will be scored on a scale of 0.00 to 1.50, with a score of 1.00 representing target performance. The Committee may amend or modify any Individual Performance goal or the weight assigned to a goal, or substitute a goal in place of an existing goal, to the extent equitable under the circumstances (for example, in the event a Participant s role or responsibilities change during the year). 

5. Participant Scores; Bonus Payouts. Within a reasonable period of time after the Company has reported financial results for the Plan year, the Committee will review and approve, and each Participant will receive, a scored assessment of his or her performance relative to each Team Performance goal, if any, and Individual Performance goal, if any, which will result in a personal score Personal Score for each Participant. Each Participant s Personal Score will be applied to the Company Performance level for the year to determine the percentage of the Participant s Target Bonus, if any, payable to such Participant for the applicable Plan year. 
 Bonus payouts, if any, under the Plan, will be determined and paid in a single cash lump sum following the end of the applicable Plan year, as soon as practicable after final determination of the Company Performance level and each Participant s Personal Score, and in any event no later than March 15th following the end of the applicable Plan year, provided the Participant remains employed by the Company on such payout date. 
 Nothing in the Plan shall be construed as limiting the right of the Company to grant, or for the Committee to approve, incentive awards in addition to or in lieu of a bonus granted or paid under the Plan. 
 6. Change in a Participant s Employment Circumstances. If a Participant is unable to complete any Individual Performance goal because (i) the Participant takes an authorized leave of absence, (ii) the Participant becomes disabled and qualifies for short-term or long-term disability benefits under the Company s disability plans, (iii) the Participant dies during a Plan year, or (iv) there occurs any other extraordinary event beyond the reasonable control of the Participant, then the Committee may equitably adjust the Participant s Individual Performance score to credit progress towards the Participant s Individual Performance goals. 
 7. Miscellaneous 
 7.1 No Right to Employment or other Status. This Plan does not give, and will not be construed as giving, any Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with any Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided otherwise in the Plan, and except as may be otherwise provided in any applicable written agreement between a Participant and the Company. 
 7.2 Non-U.S. Participants . The Company may modify the procedures set forth herein with respect to bonus payouts for Participants who are non-U.S. nationals or who are employed outside of the United States in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 7.3 Governing Law . This Plan will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision. 
 7.4 Section 409A of the Code . Payments under the Plan are intended to constitute short-term deferrals for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
 
 guidance issued under Section 409A of the Code, and shall be construed accordingly. Notwithstanding the above, neither the Company, nor any subsidiary, nor the Committee, nor any person acting on behalf of the Company, any subsidiary, or the Committee, shall be liable to any participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any participant by reason of any acceleration of income, or any additional tax, asserted by reason of the failure of a payment to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 7.5 Tax Withholding . All payments under the Plan shall be subject to reduction for applicable tax and other legally or contractually required withholdings. 
 7.6 Plan to be Unfunded, Etc . The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded incentive compensation arrangement. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to the Plan, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind. A participant s right to receive a bonus shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All bonuses shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such bonuses. There shall not vest in any Participant or beneficiary any right, title, or interest in and to any specific assets of the Company. 
 7.7 Amendment and Termination. The Company may terminate the Plan at any time and may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time, with or without retroactive effect, including without limitation amendments that change the form or timing of bonus payments hereunder. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 forr-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Active subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

Name of Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization 

Forrester Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Forrester Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Forrester International S. r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Forrester Market Advisory (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Forrester Research Australia Pty Limited 
 
 Australia 

Forrester Research B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Forrester Research (Canada) Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Forrester Research India Private Limited 
 
 India 

Forrester Research Israel Limited 
 
 Israel 

Forrester Research Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Forrester Research SAS 
 
 France 

Forrester Research S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 

Forrester Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Forrester Sweden AB 
 
 Sweden 

Forrester Switzerland GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

SiriusDecisions, Inc. SiriusDecisions Europe Ltd. SiriusDecisions UK Ltd. Whitcomb Investments, Inc. 
 
 Delaware Delaware United Kingdom Massachusetts 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 forr-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-225817, 333-189089, 333-159563, 333-136109, 333-16905, 333-99749, 333-214359 and 333-265230) of Forrester Research, Inc. of our report dated March 10, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 forr-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, George F. Colony, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Forrester Research, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ GEORGE F. COLONY 

George F. Colony 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

Date: March 10, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 forr-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, L. Christian Finn, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Forrester Research, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ L. CHRISTIAN FINN 

L. Christian Finn 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial officer) 

Date: March 10, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 forr-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of Forrester Research, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2) the information contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ GEORGE F. COLONY 

George F. Colony 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 10, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 forr-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of Forrester Research, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2) the information contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ L. CHRISTIAN FINN 

L. Christian Finn 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: March 10, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 forr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 forr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 forr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 forr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 forr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

