<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_928054_0000928054-23-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11011830</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239842</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1787928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3855443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2677715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2240000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000928054-23-000052.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322190235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000928054-23-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLOTEK INDUSTRIES INC/CN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000928054
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				900023731
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13270
		FILM NUMBER:		23754105

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8846 N. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY W.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7138499911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8846 N. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY W.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77064

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000928054-23-000052.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 ftk-20221231.htm
 10-K

ftk-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 
 
 FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark: 
 if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to o 240.10D-1(b). . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (based on the closing market price on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 was approximately million. At March 21, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 3 
 PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 26 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 68 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 69 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 69 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 70 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 73 
 SIGNATURES 
 74 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), and in particular, Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but instead represent the current assumptions and beliefs regarding future events of Flotek Industries, Inc. Flotek or the Company ), many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside the Company s control. Such statements include estimates, projections, and statements related to the Company s business plan, objectives, expected operating results, and assumptions upon which those statements are based. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 The forward-looking statements relate to future industry trends and economic conditions, forecast performance or results of current and future initiatives and the outcome of contingencies and other uncertainties that may have a significant impact on the Company s business, future operating results and liquidity. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by words including, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, estimate, commit, budget, aim, potential, schedule, continue, intend, expect, plan, forecast, target , think , likely , project and similar expressions, or future-tense or conditional constructions such as will, may, should, could and would, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. The Company cautions that these statements are merely predictions and are not to be considered guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may also include statements regarding the anticipated performance under long-term supply agreements or amendments thereto and the potential value thereof or revenue thereafter. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied. 
 A detailed discussion of potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report and in subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company has no obligation, and we disclaim any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events, except as required by law. 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 Flotek creates unique solutions to reduce the environmental impact of energy on air, water, land and people. A technology-driven, specialty green chemistry and data company, Flotek helps customers across industrial and commercial markets improve their environmental performance. The Company serves specialty chemistry needs for both domestic and international energy markets. 
 The Company s Chemistry Technologies CT segment designs, develops, manufactures, packages and distributes green, specialty chemicals that help their customers meet their environmental, social and governance ESG and operational goals, aiming to enhance the profitability of hydrocarbon producers. 
 The Company s Data Analytics DA segment aims to enable users to maximize the value of their hydrocarbon associated processes by providing analytics associated with their hydrocarbon streams in seconds rather than minutes or days. The real-time access to information prevents waste, reduces reprocessing and allows users to pursue automation of their hydrocarbon streams to increase their profitability. 
 The Company was initially incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia in 1985. In October 2001, the Company changed its corporate domicile to the State of Delaware. In December 2007, the Company s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the stock ticker symbol FTK. Annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are posted to the Company s website, www.flotekind.com , as soon as practicable subsequent to electronically filing or furnishing to the SEC. Information contained in the Company s website is not to be considered as part of any regulatory filing. 
 
 3 

As used herein, Flotek, the Company, we, our and us refers to Flotek Industries, Inc. and/or the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries. The use of these terms is not intended to connote any particular corporate status or relationship. 
 Recent Developments 
 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement with ProFrac Services, LLC (the Initial ProFrac Agreement upon issuance of 10 million in aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes (the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to ProFrac Holdings LLC. Under the Initial ProFrac Agreement, ProFrac Services, LLC was obligated to order chemicals from the Company at least equal to the greater of (a) the chemicals required for 33 of ProFrac Services, LLC s hydraulic fracturing fleets and (b) a baseline measured by the first ten hydraulic fracturing fleets deployed by ProFrac Services, LLC during the term of the Initial ProFrac Agreement. If the minimum volumes are not achieved in any given year, ProFrac Services LLC shall pay to the Company, as liquidated damages an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25 of the difference between (i) the aggregate purchase price of the quantity of products comprising the minimum purchase obligation and (ii) the actual purchased volume during such calendar year. The Initial ProFrac Agreement has a term of 3 years from April 1, 2022. 
 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Initial ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement and collectively the ProFrac Agreement upon issuance of 50 million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable. The Initial ProFrac Agreement was amended to (a) increase ProFrac Services LLC s minimum purchase obligation for each year to the greater of 70 of ProFrac Services LLC s requirements and a baseline measured by ProFrac Services LLC s first 30 hydraulic fracturing fleets, and (b) increase the term to 10 years. 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 dated February 2, 2022. The Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 has an effective date of January 1, 2023. The ProFrac Agreement was amended to (1) provide a ramp-up period from January 1, 2023 to May 31, 2023 for ProFrac Services, LLC to increase the number of active hydraulic fracturing fleets to 30 fleets, (2) waive any liquidated damages payment relating to any potential order shortfall prior to January 1, 2023, (3) add additional fees to certain products, and (4) provide margin increases based on revenue percentages from non-ProFrac customers. The Company believes the net present value of the economic benefit attributable to the Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 will exceed the value of the liquidated damages payments that would have been received for the period from April 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, the Convertible Notes Payable and certain Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable previously issued on February 2, 2022 were converted upon maturity into 10,355,840 shares of common stock and 25,366,561 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase common stock for a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 per share exercisable subject to the limitations on exercise described therein. All of the holders elected to receive shares of common stock upon conversion except for Profrac Holdings LLC, which elected to receive the Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company announced the departure of John W. Gibson, Jr. from his role as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, effective January 19, 2023. Mr. Gibson also stepped down from his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company. Mr. Gibson s departure was treated as a termination without cause. 
 
 Mr. Gibson s departure as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company was not due to any disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 
 
 The Board has an active search process underway to select a permanent Chief Executive Officer of the Company. During the transition period, Harsha V. Agadi, who has served as a member of the Board since July 2020, will serve as the Company s interim Chief Executive Officer. 
 Description of Operations and Segments 
 The Company s operations have two business segments, CT and DA, which are both supported by the Company s Research Innovation R I advanced laboratory capabilities. Financial information about the Company s operating segments and geographic concentration is provided in Note 19, Business Segment, Geographic and Major Customer and Supplier Information in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 

4 

Chemistry Technologies 
 
 The Company s CT segment provides sustainable, optimized chemistry solutions that maximize our customer s value by elevating their ESG performance, lowering operational costs, and delivering improved return on invested capital. The Company s proprietary green chemistries, specialty chemistries, logistics, and technology services enable its customers to pursue improved efficiencies and performance throughout the life cycle of its desired chemical applications program. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, packages, distributes and markets optimized chemistry solutions that accelerate existing sustainability practices to reduce the environmental impact of energy on the air, water, land and people. 
 
 Customers of the CT segment include those of energy related markets, such as our related party ProFrac Services, LLC, with whom we have a long-term supply agreement, as well as consumer and industrial applications. Major integrated oil and gas companies, oilfield services companies, independent oil and gas companies, national and state-owned oil companies, geothermal energy companies, solar energy companies and advanced alternative energy companies benefit from our best-in-class technology, field operations, and continuous improvement exercises that go beyond existing sustainability practices 
 
 Data Analytics 
 The DA segment delivers real-time information and insights to our customers to enable optimization of operations and reduction of emissions and their carbon intensity. Real-time composition and physical properties are delivered simultaneously on their refined fuels, natural gas liquids (NGLs), natural gas, crude oil, and condensates using the industry s only field-deployable, in-line optical near-infra-red spectrometer that generates no emissions. The instrument's response is processed with advanced chemometrics modeling, artificial intelligence, and machine learning algorithms to deliver these valuable insights every 15 seconds. 
 
 Our customers in North America include the supermajors, some of the largest midstream companies and large gas processing plants as well as ProFrac Services, LLC, to whom twenty JP3 units are expected to be deployed in 2023. We have developed a line of Verax analyzers for deployment internationally in hazardous locations and harsh weather conditions. 
 Research Innovation 
 R I supports the acceleration of ESG solutions for both business segments through green chemistry formulation and Environmental Protection Agency EPA regulatory guidance, technical support, basin and reservoir studies, data analytics and new technology projects. The purpose of R I is to supply the Company s business segments with enhanced products and services that generate current and future revenues, while advising Company management on opportunities concerning technology, environmental and industry trends. The R I facilities support advances in chemistry performance, detection, optimization and manufacturing. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of research and development expense. The Company expects that its 2023 research and development investment will continue to support new product development, especially in support of enhanced ESG standards, increased adoption of green chemistry and conventional customization initiatives for its clients. 
 Seasonality 
 Overall, operations generally are not significantly affected by seasonality; however, weather conditions can cause delays in clients activity levels. Certain working capital components build and recede throughout the year in conjunction with established purchasing and selling cycles that can impact operating results and financial position. The sale of the Company s products and performance of the Company s services can be susceptible to both weather and naturally occurring phenomena, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the severity and duration of winter temperatures in North America, which impacts natural gas storage levels, drilling activity, commodity prices and operations at the Company s facilities; 
 material deviations from normal seasonality for an extended period can impact access to operations, reduced performance at manufacturing facilities, inability to deploy required personnel, supply chain interruptions, facility damage and customer activity levels; 
 the timing and impact of hurricanes upon coastal and offshore operations; and 
 the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics or similar phenomena, which may impact seasonal purchasing and selling cycles. 
 
 5 

Product Demand and Marketing 
 Demand for the Company s energy-focused product s and services in both the CT and DA segments is driven by energy supply and demand, as well as operator desire to deploy improved ESG solutions. Demand for the Company s energy chemistry products and services is dependent on levels of conventional and unconventional oil and natural gas well drilling and completion activity, both domestically and internationally. 
 
 The Company markets its products to end user customers using both direct and indirect sales channels. These sales channels are accessed using a mix of in-house sales professionals as well as certain contractual agency agreements. The Company also actively participates in industry trade shows, both live and virtual, publishes articles in industry publications, and participates in podcasts and creates other online content to educate the market on its product and service offerings. While the Company s primary marketing efforts remain focused in North America, resources and efforts are also deployed on emerging international markets, especially in the Middle East. 
 
 Product revenues include significant sales to related parties as described in Note 18, Related Party Transactions in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 
 Facilities and Offices 
 
 See Part 1, Item 2 - Properties , for information regarding our manufacturing, warehouse and research facilities and sales offices. 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company endeavors to protect its intellectual property, both within and outside of the U.S. The Company considers patent protection for all products and methods deemed to have commercial significance and that may qualify for patent protection. The decision to pursue patent protection is dependent upon several factors, including whether patent protection can be obtained, cost effectiveness, and alignment with operational and commercial interests. The Company believes its patent and trademark portfolio, combined with confidentiality agreements, EPA registrations and licensing, trade secrets, proprietary designs, and manufacturing and operational expertise, are sufficient to protect its intellectual property and provide continued strategic advantage. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 136 granted patents, including 111 patents in our CT segment and 24 patents in our DA segment. In addition, the Company also had 13 pending patent applications filed in the U.S. and abroad, including 9 for the CT segment and 4 for the DA segment. The patents of the CT segment cover various chemical compositions and methods of use. The patents of the DA segment cover various systems and methods of use for online determination of chemical composition and data analysis. In addition, the Company had 50 registered trademarks in the U.S. and abroad, covering a variety of its goods and services. 
 Competition 
 Our ability to compete is dependent upon the Company s ability to differentiate its products and services by providing superior quality and service, and maintaining a competitive cost structure with sufficient and reliable access to raw material supplies. Activity levels in the oilfield goods and services industry are impacted by current and expected oil and natural gas prices, oil and natural gas drilling activity, production levels, customer drilling and completion-designated capital spending, and customer commitment to improved ESG performance. The unpredictability of the energy industry and commodity price fluctuations create both increased risk and opportunity for the products and services of both the Company and its competitors. The DA segment faces competition from other providers of equipment and services for real-time information in the upstream, midstream, refining and distribution market. 
 Raw Materials 
 Materials and components used in the Company s servicing and manufacturing operations, as well as those purchased for sale, are generally avail able on the open market from multiple sources. When able, the Company uses multiple suppliers, both domestically and internationally, to purchase raw materials on the open market. The prices paid for raw materials vary based on availability, weather, other commodity price fluctuations, contractual obligations, tariffs, duties on imported materials, foreign currency exchange rates, business cycle position and global demand. Higher prices for chemistries and certain raw materials could adversely impact future sales, contract fulfillment and product margins. The Company is diligent in its efforts to identify alternate suppliers in its contingency planning utilizing competitive bidding practices to proactively reduce costs and potential supply shortages. During 2022, the Company worked to broaden the technical specifications of some products to help ensure that required molecules could be sourced from more than one supplier. 
 
 6 

The DA segment currently sources spectrometers from a single supplier. Due to long lead times, supply chain disruption could adversely impact the results of the segment in 2023 and the years beyond. 
 Government Regulations 
 The Company is subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including laws related to the environment, occupational safety, health, transportation and trade within the U.S. and other countries in which the Company does business. These laws and regulations strictly govern the manufacture, storage, transportation, sale, use and disposal of chemistry products. The Company strives to ensure full compliance with all regulatory requirements. 
 The Company continually evaluates the environmental impact of its operations and attempts to identify potential liabilities and costs of any environmental remediation, litigation or associated claims. Several products of the CT segment are considered hazardous materials. In the event of a leak or spill in association with Company operations, the Company could be exposed to risk of material cost, net of insurance proceeds, if any, to remediate any contamination. To the Company s knowledge, no environmental claims are currently being litigated or investigated. 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 Flotek s vision is to create solutions to reduce the environmental impact of energy on air, water, land and people. Our mission is to be the collaborative ESG partner of choice for sustainable chemistry technology and digital analytics solutions. We believe that green chemistry and digital transformation reduce the total cost of ownership and environmental risk of our customers and can transform business by reducing carbon footprints, energy consumption, emissions and overall environmental impact. 
 
 We have green, sustainable chemistry at our core, and we focus on providing responsible specialty chemistry solutions that are environmentally friendly and cost-competitive. Our products offered by our CT segment displace harmful chemicals such as benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylenes (BTEX) in energy production, and our logistics and delivery methodology results in lower product usage and lower carbon emissions due to delivery. The analyzers produced by our DA segment are a closed-loop system, meaning that samples of potentially harmful gasses and fluids do not need to be routinely taken and flared, as is the case with gas chromatographs. This results in lower emissions. In addition, our analyzers ability to determine the mixing of two batches of product transmix in real-time results in less time, energy and resources spent processing the transmix. 
 Human Capital 
 
 Employee Overview 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 146 employees, exclusive of existing worldwide agency relationships. None of the Company s employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and labor relations are generally good. 
 
 Employees Health, Safety Environment 
 
 The Company is committed to acting with care to protect the health and safety of people, resources and the environment. Each employee is responsible for working towards the health, safety and environment HSE goals, as they are not isolated to certain individuals or roles. We aim to hold each other accountable to a high standard. Thus, every employee is empowered and expected to stop any activity, big or small, that could jeopardize people, the environment or assets. 
 
 Our safety, health and environmental goals are designed to sustain our drive to zero incidents. As a result, safety is woven into the fabric of the Company, from our robust training programs, to our safety moments that begin team meetings, to our Hazardous Observation Card program. Our training program is fundamental to operating safely and protecting people and the environment. The Company maintains a robust health, safety and environmental training program that includes both classroom and online curriculum. We assign specific trainings to employees based on their role and function within the Company. Additionally, the Company s field and plant personnel complete more than 24 hours of training annually. We continuously monitor all operational activities and update training programs as needed to ensure the curriculum remains relevant and effective for minimizing risk and protecting our employees and the environment. 

7 

We have a strong commitment to safety in all aspects of our operations through training, safety culture, and tracking of key safety metrics. In 2022, the Company recorded a Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) of 0.397. The TRIR is a key safety performance metric which calculates the number of recordable incidents per full-time workers during a one-year period. 
 
 Compensation: Wages Benefits 
 
 The Company s compensation programs are designed to provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location. We align our programs to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve high-impact results that create value for all of our stakeholders. In addition to competitive base wages, all employees are eligible for a discretionary bonus, which is based upon individual performance and triggered by company performance, subject to the Company s liquidity position. 
 
 Benefits are a key component of our compensation program. We engage an outside benefits consulting firm to independently evaluate the effectiveness and competitiveness of our employee benefits program, as well as to tailor our program to the unique needs of the Company s employee base. 
 
 All full-time employees are eligible for comprehensive health insurance, including medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance and vision insurance. Additionally, the Company offers flexible spending and health savings accounts, life and disability/accident coverage, telemedicine, critical illness insurance and paid leave. Eligible employees may elect to participate in the Company s employee stock purchase plan and retirement plans, including its 401(k) plan in the U.S. and its Registered Retirement Savings Plan in Canada. The Company currently matches 401(k) contributions at of up to of an employee s compensation. The Company also offers access to online and personalized financial planning services as a component of its retirement plan benefit. 
 
 The Company continues to prioritize mental health and wellness for employees, maintaining an ongoing dialogue with employees and providing resources through its employee assistance program, which is available to all employees and their families. 
 
 Outlook 
 Our business is subject to numerous variables which impact our outlook and expectations given the shifting conditions of the industry. We have based our outlook on the market conditions we perceive today. Changes often occur. 
 Energy 
 Going into 2023 we believe that we are in the early years of a tight supply cycle for oil and gas triggered by a long period of underinvestment in energy development, infrastructure and new sources of oil and gas production. While the demand for oil and gas could fluctuate depending on the macroeconomic condition, we believe that this tight supply cycle could last and could provide support to high oil prices for multiple years. We expect that the strongest potential growth throughout 2023 will likely come from independent, rather than large major exploration and production companies. Independent exploration and production companies operate the majority of U.S. land rigs and react quickly to changing commodity prices. In the current commodity price environment, we expect these companies to increase activity and the larger companies to have modest spending increases in the year ahead. 
 
 Digital Analytics 
 
 The use of data and digital analytics is a growing trend in all industries where technology is leveraged to analyze large datasets of operational information to improve performance, as well as for predictive maintenance, advanced safety measures and reduced environmental impact of operations. We believe Verax analyzers have gained a foothold in North American markets for critical applications where compositional information is needed in real-time. The technology delivers insight on valuable operational data like vapor pressure, boiling point, flash point, octane level, API gravity, viscosity, BTU and more, simultaneously. We continue to work with our customers to identify further facilities and applications where our technology has the highest value. To drive recurring revenue, we continue to build on the modular nature of our sensor and analysis packages with new data processing techniques that enhance the value of our installations. AIDA (Automated Interface Detection Algorithm) provides real-time detection of interfaces in a liquids pipeline without the need for additional sampling or chemometric modeling. The application can identify products such as refined fuels, crude and NGLs with its advanced machine learning algorithms and detect interfaces real-time versus traditional lab analysis. We believe this allows customers to cut batches quickly and accurately, reduce transmix and minimize off-spec product that requires downgrades. We are also gaining traction leveraging the Verax in applications where operators and service companies are using field gas as a substitute for 
 
 8 

diesel in dual fuel engines as the market moves to Tier 4 equipment and eFleets. Analyzing this in real-time allows companies to maximize the substitution rate while lowering emissions, reducing fuel consumption/costs, and protecting the equipment from damage. 
 
 ESG 
 
 ESG-focused solutions continue to be an emphasis for the Company as the energy, industrial and consumer markets are seeking to accelerate their focus on sustainability and minimized impact on the environment. We anticipate the Company s products and services could offer a significant benefit to businesses seeking to improve their ESG performance, including improving safety, reliability and efficiency of their operations. The Company offers sustainable chemistry solutions, tailoring product selection to enable operational efficiencies, improve water management and reduce greenhouse gas emissions for its customers in the exploration and production sector of the oil and gas industry. Further, the Company s patented line of Complex nano-Fluid (also known as CnF products are formulated with highly effective, plant-based solvents offering safer, renewable and sustainable alternatives to toxic BTEX-based (benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene) chemicals. Additionally, we believe the Company s real-time sensor technology helps to enable process and operational efficiencies, minimize waste and processing and reduce emissions. 
 
 We believe the industry focus on maintaining a social license to operate provides the platform to accelerate the sale of our products and services that we believe can help the customer achieve a greener goal. We believe the performance driven ESG focus of the Company assists in reducing environmental liabilities and improving returns for our customers. 
 
 Supply Chain 
 
 The principal supply issues facing our industry for the next twelve months will include: 
 Fluctuating freight costs for shipping to our customers; 
 Availability of raw materials; 
 Delays due to port congestion; 
 Labor shortages; and 
 Demand forecasting. 
 
 All bidding will require the risk of shipping costs and delays to be factored into proposals. Trucking availability and pricing will impact North American opportunities while sea-freight costs will impact sales of North American manufactured goods being delivered internationally for the foreseeable future. The import of raw materials from China will also incur price increases. Accelerating tensions between China and the U.S. could also result in supply disruption. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The impacts of COVID-19 pandemic continue to affect the U.S. and global economy. We believe our protocols and processes established to maintain business continuity with COVID-19 have proven robust enough to diminish concern about business disruption unless new variants emerge. The pandemic has already affected and may continue to affect the U.S. economy, including capital expenditures of our customers. In addition, depending upon the length and severity of the pandemic, which cannot be predicted, we may experience disruptions to business operations in the future if new COVID-19 variants emerge. 
 
 Available Information and Website 
 The Company s website is www.flotekind.com . Annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available (see the Investor Relations section of the Company s website), as soon as reasonably practicable, subsequent to electronically filing or otherwise providing reports to the SEC. Corporate governance materials, including but not limited to our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, bylaws, certain policies, and code of business conduct and ethics are also available on the website. A copy of corporate governance materials is also available upon written request to the Company. 
 The SEC maintains the www.sec.gov website, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other registrant information filed electronically with the SEC. 
 The Company filed, or furnished, as applicable, all principal executive officer and financial officer certifications as required under Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 with this Annual Report. Information with respect to the 
 
 9 

Company s executive officers and directors is incorporated herein by reference to information to be included in the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 The Company has disclosed and will continue to disclose any changes or amendments to the Company s code of business conduct and ethics as well as waivers to the code of ethics applicable to executive management by posting such changes or waivers on the Company s website in the Corporate Governance section under Investor Relations or in filings with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and prospects are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Readers of this Annual Report should not consider any descriptions of these risk factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Company. These factors should be carefully considered together with the other information contained in this Annual Report and the other reports and materials filed by the Company with the SEC. Further, many of these risks are interrelated and, as a result, the occurrence of certain risks could trigger and/or exacerbate other risks. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity or prospects. 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements discuss Company prospects, expected revenue, expenses and profits, strategic and operational initiatives, and other activities. Forward-looking statements also contain suppositions regarding future oil and natural gas industry and other conditions, both domestically and internationally. The Company s results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including r isks described below and elsewhere. See Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Business 
 
 The Company s business is largely dependent upon its customers spending in the oil and gas industry. Spending could be adversely affected by industry conditions or by new or increased governmental regulations; global economic conditions; lingering sentiment surrounding the pandemic; the availability of credit; and oil and natural gas prices. 
 
 Demand for and prices of the Company s products are subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 global demand for energy as a result of population growth, economic development, and general economic and business conditions; 
 the timing and rate of economic recovery from the effects of the pandemic; 
 the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC to set and maintain production levels and the impact of non-OPEC producers on global supply; 
 availability and quantity of natural gas storage; 
 import and export volumes and pric ing of liquefied n atural gas; 
 domestic and international refining activity; 
 pipeline capacity to critical markets and out of producing regions; 
 political and economic uncertainty, sociopolitical unrest including the current conflict in Ukraine and ongoing sanctions imposed on Russia; 
 cost of exploration, production and transport of oil and natural gas; 
 sustained market adoption of green chemistry solutions; 
 technological advances impacting energy production and consumption; 
 interest rates; 
 weather conditions; and 
 foreign exchange rates. 
 
 The volatility of commodity prices and the consequential effect on the activities of the Company s target customer base could adversely impact the activity levels of the Company s customers. 
 
 Demand for the Company s goods and services may be adversely impacted if volatile economic conditions weaken customer expenditures, specifically as it concerns the continued adoption of chemistry solutions with lower overall impact on the environment. It is difficult to predict the pace of industry growth, the direction of oil and natural gas prices, the direction and magnitude of economic activity, the demand for professional chemistry products, and to what extent these conditions could affect the Company. However, reduced cash flow and capital availability could adversely impact the financial condition of the 
 
 10 

Company s customers, which could result in customer project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delay in, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to the Company. This could cause a negative impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, if key suppliers were to experience significant cash flow constraints or become insolvent as a result of such conditions, a reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies could occur, adversely impacting the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The Company s inability to develop and/or introduce new products or differentiate existing products could have an adverse effect on its ability to be responsive to customers needs and could result in a loss of customers, as well as adversely affecting the Company s future success and profitability. 
 
 The industries in which the Company does business are characterized by technological advancements that have historically resulted in, and will likely continue to result in, substantial improvements in the scope and quality of specialty chemistries and analytical services. Consequently, the Company s future success is dependent, in part, upon the Company s continued ability to timely develop innovative products and services. Successful introduction of new technology requires time and resources, and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to commercialize new technology in a timely manner. If the Company fails to successfully develop and introduce innovative products and services that appeal to customers, or if existing or new market competitors develop superior products and services, the Company s revenue and profitability could deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s inability to develop green alternatives to existing conventional products could result in loss of customers, as well as adversely affecting the Company s future success and profitability. 
 
 The Company develops, markets and produces certain green alternatives to many existing products. If these green alternatives do not perform as well as existing conventional products, or if existing or new market competitors develop superior products, the Company s revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 Reduced unconventional oil and gas drilling could lessen the positive effects of a general recovery of the oil and gas industry. 
 
 The majority of the Company s product offerings in its CT segment, other than professional chemistry products, are used in unconventional oil and gas operations. The Company has a small exposure to conventional oil and gas operations through activity in the Middle East and little or no exposure to the offshore sector. In the event that an industry recovery is disproportionately driven by conventional and offshore oil and gas operations, the Company may not have a resulting increase in its operational results. 
 
 The Company s business, financial condition, operating results and ability to grow and compete may be affected adversely if adequate capital is not available. 
 
 The Company s existing resources including cash on hand, may not be sufficient to finance operations and strategies. The Company may therefore need to rely on external financing sources, including commercial borrowings and issuances of debt and equity securities. The Company s ability to procure debt financing, is dependent on, among other things, the willingness of banks and other financial institutions to lend into the Company s industry and on their evaluation of the Company s credit risk. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to procure debt financing or, in the event that it is able to procure debt financing, that the financing will be on favorable terms and conditions or at favorable rates of interest. If the Company cannot access debt and equity financing on acceptable terms when required, the Company s business, financial conditions and operating results may be adversely affected. Further the ability of the Company to grow and be competitive in the market place may be adversely impacted as the Company may not be able to finance strategic growth plans, take advantage of business opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures. 
 
 Increased competition could exert downward pressure on prices charged for the Company s products and services. 
 
 The Company operates in a competitive environment populated by large and small competitors. Competitors with greater resources and lower cost structures or who are trying to gain market share may be successful in providing competing products and services to the Company s customers at lower prices than the Company currently charges. The Company operates in an environment with relatively low barriers to entry; employees of the Company may leave and compete directly with the 
 
 11 

Company. This may require the Company to lower its prices, resulting in an adverse impact on revenues, margins, and operating results. Thus, competition could have a detrimental impact on the Company s business. 
 
 If the Company is unable to adequately protect intellectual property rights or is found to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, or is unable to maintain the registrations and certifications of its products and facilities, the Company s business is likely to be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, non-disclosure agreements and other methods to access markets and create a competitive advantage. Although the Company believes that existing measures are reasonably adequate to protect intellectual property rights, there is no assurance that the measures taken will prevent misappropriation of proprietary information or dissuade others from independent development of similar products or services. Moreover, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to prevent competitors from copying, reverse engineering, modifying or otherwise obtaining, infringing and/or using the Company s technology, intellectual property or proprietary rights to create competitive products or services. The Company may not be able to enforce intellectual property rights outside of the U.S. Additionally, the laws of certain countries in which the Company s products and services are manufactured or marketed may not protect the Company s proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. In each case, the Company s ability to compete could be significantly impaired. 
 
 A portion of the Company s products and services are without patent protection. The issuance of a patent does not guarantee validity or enforceability. Third parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent the Company from marketing the Company s own patented products and services and utilizing the Company s patented technology. 
 
 The Company is exposed and, in the future, may be exposed to allegations of patent and other intellectual property infringement from others. The Company may allege infringement of its patents and other intellectual property rights against others. Under either scenario, the Company could become involved in costly litigation or other legal proceedings regarding its patent or other intellectual property rights, from both an enforcement and defensive standpoint. Even if the Company chooses to enforce its patent or other intellectual property rights against a third party, there may be risk that the Company s patent or other intellectual property rights become invalidated or otherwise unenforceable through legal proceedings. These could result in the Company having to discontinue the use, manufacture and sale of certain products and services, increase the cost of selling certain products and services, or result in damage to the Company s reputation. An award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction order against the use, manufacture and sale of any of the Company s products and services found to be infringing, could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and ability to compete. 
 
 Certain of the Company s products and facilities, especially those related to the professional chemistry products, have been registered with the EPA. The failure of the Company to maintain such EPA registrations could result in the inability of the Company to market or sell its products. In the event that the Company cannot maintain its registrations or licenses or is unable to procure new licenses or registrations for new products or in response to changes to regulatory requirements, the ability of the Company to sell its products and obtain revenue may be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company s reliance on the ProFrac Agreement could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The ProFrac Agreement, still in its first year, is a major source of the Company s liquidity and we expect it to remain so over the term of the contract. If the Company became unable to execute the requirements of the agreement financially and operationally, from procuring inventory to meet the needs of ProFrac Services, LLC under the ProFrac Agreement and executing timely billing and collection, the Company s liquidity could be adversely impacted. Further, our relationship with ProFrac Services, LLC may impact their competitors willingness to purchase products from the Company or to seek price concessions. 
 
 We are also dependent on ProFrac Services, LLC s compliance in meeting their committed activity levels and paying for products provided in a timely basis, in accordance with the terms of the ProFrac Agreement. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted if ProFrac Services, LLC s financial condition or its spending level under the ProFrac Agreement is negatively impacted. 
 
 ProFrac Services, LLC has the right to terminate the ProFrac Agreement, by providing written notice to the Company, after the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Company s bankruptcy; (ii) the Company s failure to produce and deliver the product in accordance with the specifications, or failure to timely deliver product, and the Company has been unable to cure 
 
 12 

such failure within a commercially reasonable period determined by ProFrac; (iii) the Company fails to meet pricing requirements set forth in the ProFrac Agreement; or (iv) the Company is affected by a force majeure event, and such force majeure event has not been remedied within 30 days of the initial occurrence of such event. ProFrac also has the right to terminate the ProFrac Agreement for any other material breach of the ProFrac Agreement by the Company, if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days after written notice. Termination of the ProFrac Agreement would have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The loss of key customers could have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and could result in a decline in the Company s revenue. 
 
 In the CT segment in aggregate, revenue derived from the Company s three largest customers as a percentage of consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 73 and 44 , respectively. The Company has seen customer concentration risk increase due to the recent entry int o the long-term supply agreement with ProFrac Services LLC. Outside the ProFrac Agreement customer relationships are substantially governed by purchase orders or other short-term contractual obligations as opposed to long-term contracts. Losses of customers also may occur due to product, service or pricing issues, as well as industry consolidation. The Company competes in a highly competitive environment and must work diligently to create and maintain productive customer relationships, and the failure to maintain those relationships could result in the loss of one or more key customers. The loss of one or more key customers could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and could result in a decline in the Company s revenue. 
 
 Loss of key suppliers, the inability to secure raw materials on a timely basis, or the Company s inability to pass commodity price increases on to its customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to service its customers needs and could result in a significant loss of customers. 
 
 Materials used in servicing and manufacturing operations, as well as those purchased for sale, are generally available on the open market from multiple sources. Acquisition costs and transportation of raw materials to the Company s facilities have historically been impacted by extreme weather conditions. Additionally, prices paid for raw materials could be affected by energy products and other commodity prices; weather and disease associated with our crop dependent raw materials; tariffs and duties on imported materials; evolving geopolitical risks; foreign currency exchange rates; and phases of the general business cycle and global demand. 
 
 The prices of key raw materials are subject to market fluctuations, which at times can be significant and unpredictable. Availability of key raw materials, weather events, natural disasters, and health epidemics in countries from which the Company sources raw materials may significantly impact prices. During a period of scarcity of supply the Company may also be negatively impacted by prioritization decisions enacted by its suppliers. 
 
 The Company may be unable to pass along price increases to its customers, which could result in a materially adverse impact on margins and operating profits. The Company currently does not hedge commodity prices, but may consider such strategies in the future, and there is no guarantee that the Company s purchasing strategies will prevent cost increases from resulting in materially adverse impacts on margins and operating profits. 
 
 The Company s DA segment is dependent on its ability to source appropriate technical components for its Verax measurement system, certain of which are specialty products that are sole-sourced and are not easily replaceable with other sources. Any inability to source appropriate components in the future could result in significant difficulty supplying equipment or services to the Company s customers. 
 
 Removal of members of management or directors may be difficult or costly. 
 
 The Company s management and employees may have retention, employment or severance agreements in place. In the event that our employees, management or directors do not have the proper skills for management or operation of the Company, or the Company otherwise wishes to remove them from their position(s), the Company may be required to pay severance or similar payments. In addition, the loss of key management personnel or directors and the required transition may cause interruption in 
 the operations, governance, strategies or management of the Company, which may significantly reduce the Company s ability to manage operations effectively and implement strategic business initiatives. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations and the trading price of the Company s common stock. 

13 

Effective internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If the Company cannot provide reliable financial reporting or effectively prevent fraud, the Company s reputation and operating results could be harmed. If the Company is unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reports, the Company may not be able to provide reliable financial reporting, which in turn could affect the Company s operating results or cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in reported financial information, which could negatively affect the trading price of the Company s common stock, limit the ability of the Company to access capital markets in the future, and require additional costs to improve internal control systems and procedures. 
 
 Failure to collect for goods and services sold to key customers could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial results, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 The Company performs credit analysis on potential customers; however, credit analysis does not provide full assurance that customers will be willing and/or able to pay for goods and services purchased from the Company. Furthermore, collectability of international sales can be subject to the laws of foreign countries, which may provide more limited protection to the Company in the event of a dispute over payment. Because sales to domestic and international customers are generally made on an unsecured basis, there can be no assurance of collectability. The Company s sales revenues are concentrated among customers operating in the oil and gas industry. Furthermore, the Company has seen an increase in concentration risk in 2022 which it anticipates to increase in 2023 and beyond as a result of the Company s entry into the ProFrac Agreement. If one or more major customers are unwilling or unable to pay their debts to the Company, it could have an adverse effect of the Company s financial results, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Failure to adapt to changing buying habits of the Company s potential and existing customers could have a negative effect on the Company s ability to attract and retain business. 
 
 The demographics and habits of the purchasing departments of many of the Company s customers and potential customers is changing. Key decision makers may be less experienced and show different buying habits and approaches. Customers are increasingly requiring vendors to integrate with purchasing modules and are using advanced analytics to make purchasing decisions. If the Company does not adapt to these changing purchasing trends, the Company may not be able to attract or retain business. 
 
 Cyberattacks may have a significant and adverse impact on the Company s operations and related financial condition. 
 
 The Company relies on access to information systems for operational, reporting and communication functions. Impairments of these systems, such as ransomware and network communications disruptions, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct operations and could directly impact consolidated reporting. Phishing attacks could result in sensitive or confidential information being released by the Company. Security breaches pose a risk to confidential data and intellectual property, which could result in damages to our competitiveness and reputation. The Company s policies and procedures, system monitoring and data back-up processes may not prevent or detect potential disruptions or breaches in a timely or effective manner. There can be no assurance that existing or emerging threats will not have an adverse impact on our systems or communications networks. While the Company does carry cybersecurity insurance, the coverage and amount of such insurance may not be sufficient to adequately compensate the Company for cybersecurity loss. 
 
 Unforeseen contingencies such as litigation could adversely affect the Company s financial condition. 
 
 The Company is, and from time to time may become, a party to legal proceedings incidental to the Company s business involving alleged injuries arising from the use of Company products, exposure to hazardous substances, patent infringement, employment matters, commercial disputes, claims related to adverse physical reactions to the Company s products such as rashes or allergic reactions and shareholder lawsuits. The defense of these lawsuits may require significant expenses, divert management s attention, and may require the Company to pay damages that could adversely affect the Company s financial condition. In addition, any insurance or indemnification rights that the Company may have might be insufficient or unavailable to protect against potential loss exposures. 
 
 The Company s current insurance policies may not adequately protect the Company s business from all potential risks. 
 
 The Company s operations are subject to risks inherent in the specialty chemical industry, such as, but not limited to, accidents, explosions, fires, severe weather, oil and chemical spills, and other hazards. These conditions can result in personal injury or 
 
 14 

loss of life, damage to property, equipment and the environment, as well as suspension of customers oil and gas operations. These events could result in damages requiring costly repairs, the interruption of Company business, including the loss of revenue and profits, and/or the Company being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting large claims. The Company does not have insurance against all foreseeable or unforeseeable risks. Consequently, losses and liabilities arising from uninsured or underinsured events could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the Company does not manage the potential difficulties associated with expansion successfully, the Company s operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company believes future success will depend, in part, on the Company s ability to adapt to market opportunities and changes, to successfully integrate the operations of any businesses acquired, to enhance existing product and service lines, and potentially expand into new product and service areas in which the Company may not have prior experience. Factors that could result in strategic business difficulties include, but are not limited to: 
 failure to effectively integrate acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances; 
 failure to effectively integrate and perform on the ProFrac Agreement; 
 failure to effectively plan for risks associated with expansion into areas in which management lacks prior experience; 
 lack of experienced management personnel; 
 increased administrative burdens; 
 lack of customer retention; 
 technological obsolescence; and 
 infrastructure, technological, communication and logistical problems associated with large, expansive operations. 
 
 If the Company fails to manage potential difficulties successfully, the Company s operating results could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The Company may pursue strategic acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic divestitures, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 
 The Company s potential future acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures involve risks that could adversely affect the Company s business. Negotiations of potential acquisitions, joint ventures, or other strategic relationships, integration of newly acquired businesses, and/or sales of existing businesses could be time consuming and divert management s attention from other business concerns. Acquisitions and joint ventures could also expose the Company to unforeseen liabilities or risks associated with new markets or businesses. Unforeseen operational difficulties related to acquisitions and joint ventures could result in diminished financial performance or require a disproportionate amount of the Company s management s attention and resources. Additionally, acquisitions could result in the commitment of capital resources without the realization of anticipated returns. Divestitures could result in the loss of future earnings without adequate compensation and the loss of unrealized strategic opportunities. 
 
 The Company s ability to use net operating losses and tax attribute carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on the Company s ability to utilize pre-change net operating losses NOLs ), and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). An ownership change could limit the Company s ability to utilize existing NOLs and tax attribute carryforwards for taxable years including or following an identified ownership change. Transactions involving the Company s common stock, even those outside the Company s control, such as purchases or sales by investors, within the testing period could result in an ownership change. Moreover, we believe the convertible notes and warrants transactions with ProFrac Holdings, LLC may substantially impact our ability to use NOLs. 
 
 In addition, under the 2017 Tax Act, the ability to carry back NOLs to prior taxable years is generally eliminated, and while NOLs arising in tax years beginning after 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, these post-2017 NOLs may only reduce 80 of the Company s taxable income in a tax year. Limitations imposed on the ability to use NOLs and tax credits to offset future taxable income could reduce or eliminate the benefit of the NOLs and tax attributes and could require the Company to pay U.S. federal income taxes in excess of that which would otherwise be required if such limitations were not in effect. Similar rules and limitations may apply for state income tax purposes. 
 
 15 

The Company is subject to complex foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, which expose the Company to liabilities that could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s operations are subject to foreign, federal, state, and local laws and regulations related to, among other things, the protection of natural resources, injury, health and safety considerations, chemical exposure assessment, waste management, and transportation of waste and other hazardous materials. The Company s operations are exposed to risks of environmental liability that could result in fines, penalties, remediation, property damage, and personal injury liability. Sanctions for noncompliance with such laws and regulations could include assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, revocation of permits, and issuance of corrective action orders. 
 
 The Company could incur substantial costs to ensure compliance with existing and future laws and regulations. Laws protecting the environment have generally become more stringent and are expected to continue to evolve and become more complex and restrictive in the future. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in material expense associated with future environmental compliance and remediation. The Company s costs of compliance could also increase if existing laws and regulations are amended or reinterpreted. Such amendments or reinterpretations of existing laws or regulations, or the adoption of new laws or regulations, could curtail exploratory or developmental drilling for, and production of, oil and natural gas which, in turn, could limit demand for the Company s products and services. Some environmental laws and regulations could also impose joint and strict liability, meaning that the Company could be exposed in certain situations to increased liabilities as a result of the Company s conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators or other third parties. Remediation expense and other damages arising as a result of such laws and regulations could be substantial and have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company and the Company s customers are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the U.S., including political risk, foreign exchange risk, and other uncertainties. 
 
 Less than 10 of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was from customers based outside of the U.S. The Company and its customers are subject to risks inherent in doing business outside of the U.S., including, but not limited to: 
 governmental instability; 
 corruption; 
 war and other international conflicts; 
 civil and labor disturbances; 
 requirements of local ownership; 
 cartel behavior; 
 partial or total expropriation or nationalization; 
 currency devaluation; and 
 foreign laws and policies, each of which can limit the movement of assets or funds or result in the deprivation of contractual rights or appropriation of property without fair compensation. 
 
 Collections from international customers could also prove difficult due to inherent uncertainties in foreign law and judicial procedures. The Company could experience significant difficulty with collections or recovery due to the political or judicial climate in foreign countries where Company operations occur or in which the Company s products are sold. 
 
 The Company s international operations must be compliant with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. laws. The Company could become liable under these laws for actions taken by employees. Compliance with international laws and regulations could become more complex and expensive thereby creating increased risk as the Company s international business portfolio grows. Further, the U.S. periodically enacts laws and imposes regulations prohibiting or restricting trade with certain nations. The current sanctions imposed on trade with Russia does not currently impact because the Company does not have any activity within that Region. The U.S. government could also change these laws or enact new laws that could restrict or prohibit the Company from doing business in identified foreign countries. The Company conducts, and will continue to conduct, business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Historically, the Company has not hedged against foreign currency fluctuations. Accordingly, the Company s profitability could be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 The Company has no control over and can provide no assurances that future laws and regulations will not materially impact the Company s ability to conduct international business. 

16 

Regulatory pressures, environmental activism, and legislation could result in reduced demand for the Company s products and services, increase the Company s costs, and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Regulations restricting volatile organic compounds VOC exist in many states and/or communities which limit demand for certain products. Although citrus oil is considered a VOC, its health, safety, and environmental profile is preferred over other solvents (e.g., benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene), which is currently creating new market opportunities around the world. Changes in the perception of citrus oils as a preferred VOC, increased consumer activism against hydraulic fracturing or other regulatory or legislative actions by governments could potentially result in materially reduced demand for the Company s products and services and could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Perceptions and related usage of chemistry solutions that are currently considered safe and acceptable, within specified parameters, may be subject to change in future periods as research and testing of environmental impacts mature. 
 
 Changes in laws and regulations relating to hydraulic fracturing may have a negative effect on the Company s operations. 
 
 Much of the Company s revenue in its CT segment is derived from customers engaged in hydraulic fracturing services. Some states have adopted regulations which require operators to publicly disclose certain non-proprietary information. These regulations could require the reporting and public disclosure of the Company s proprietary chemistry formulas. The adoption of any future federal or state laws or local requirements, or the implementation of regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or otherwise limiting, the hydraulic fracturing process, could increase the difficulty of oil and natural gas production activity and could have an adverse effect on the Company s future results of operations. 
 
 Climate change, environmental, social and governance and sustainability initiatives may result in regulatory or structural industry changes that could require significant operational changes and expenditures, reduce demand for the Company s products and services and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price or access to capital markets. 
 
 Climate change, environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives and sustainability are a growing global movement. Continuing political and social attention to these issues has resulted in both existing and pending international agreements and national, regional and local legislation, regulatory measures, reporting obligations and policy changes. Also, there is increasing societal pressure in some of the areas where the Company operates, to limit greenhouse gas emissions as well as other global initiatives. These agreements and measures, including the Paris Climate Accord, may require, or could result in future legislation, regulatory measures or policy changes that would require, significant equipment modifications, operational changes, taxes, or purchases of emission credits to reduce emission of greenhouse gases from the Company s operations or those of our customers, which may result in substantial capital expenditures and compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. As a result of heightened public awareness and attention to these issues as well as continued political and regulatory initiatives to reduce the reliance upon oil and natural gas, demand for hydrocarbons may be reduced, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The imposition and enforcement of stringent greenhouse gas emissions reduction requirements could severely and adversely impact the oil and natural gas industry and therefore significantly reduce the value of the Company s business. 
 
 Certain financial institutions, institutional investors and other sources of capital have begun to limit or eliminate their investment in financing of conventional energy-related activities due to concerns about climate change, which could make it more difficult for our customers and for the Company to finance our respective businesses. Increasing attention to climate change, ESG and sustainability has resulted in governmental investigations, and public and private litigation, which could increase the Company s costs or otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, some organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward the Company and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other companies or industries, which could have a negative impact on the price of the Company s securities and our access to and cost of capital. 
 
 Any or all of these ESG and sustainability initiatives may result in significant operational changes and expenditures, reduced demand for the Company s products and services, and could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price or access to capital markets. 
 
 17 

The persistence and/or emergence of new pandemic threats can significantly reduce demand for our services and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Actions taken by businesses and governments in efforts to mitigate pandemic threats have the potential to negatively impact international and U.S. economic activity for an indeterminable duration. These effects can directly impact the demand for oil and natural gas, as well as our oil and gas related services and products. Furthermore, pandemic conditions can create disruptions in raw materials, logistics, and access to other critical resources such as human capital and financial markets. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Industry 
 
 General economic declines or recessions, limits to credit availability, and industry specific factors could have an adverse effect on energy industry activity resulting in lower demand for the Company s products and services. 
 
 Worldwide economic uncertainty can reduce the availability of liquidity and credit markets to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business operations worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with pressure on worldwide equity markets could continue to impact the worldwide economic climate. Geopolitical unrest around the world may also impact demand for the Company s products and services both domestically and internationally. 
 
 Demand for many of the Company s products and services is dependent on oil and natural gas industry activity and expenditure levels that are directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices. Demand for the Company s products and services is particularly sensitive to levels of activity in the upstream, downstream and midstream sectors, and the corresponding capital spending by oil and natural gas companies, including national oil companies. While capital spending programs for domestic producers appear to be improving, uncertainties around the potential for longer-term weakness in oil and natural gas prices could reduce or defer major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects. Lower levels of activity could result in a corresponding decline in the demand for the Company s oil and natural gas related products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenue and profitability. 
 
 Events in global credit markets can significantly impact the availability of credit and associated financing costs for many of the Company s customers. Many of the Company s upstream customers finance their drilling and completion programs through third-party lenders or public debt offerings. Lack of available credit or increased costs of borrowing may cause customers to reduce spending on drilling programs, thereby reducing demand and potentially resulting in lower prices for the Company s products and services. Also, the credit and economic environment could significantly impact the financial condition of some customers over a prolonged period, leading to business disruptions and restricted ability to pay for the Company s products and services. 
 
 A continuous period of swings in oil and natural gas prices could result in further reductions in demand for the Company s products and services and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The markets for the Company s products, especially oil and gas markets, have historically been volatile. Such volatility in oil and natural gas prices, or the perception by the Company s customers of unpredictability in oil and natural gas prices, could adversely affect spending levels. The oil and natural gas markets may be volatile in the future. The demand for the Company s products and services is, in large part, driven by general levels of exploration and production spending and drilling activity by its customers. Future declines in oil or gas prices could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company presently does not hedge oil and natural gas prices. 
 
 New and existing competitors within the Company s industries could have an adverse effect on results of operations. 
 
 The industries in which the Company competes are highly competitive. The Company s principal competitors include numerous small companies capable of competing effectively in the Company s markets on a local basis, as well as a number of large companies that possess substantially greater financial and other resources. Larger competitors may be able to devote greater resources to developing, promoting, and selling products and services. The Company may also face increased competition due to the entry of new competitors including current suppliers that decide to sell their products and services directly to the Company s customers. As a result of this competition, the Company could experience lower sales or greater operating costs, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s margins and results of operations. 

18 

The Company s industry has a high rate of employee turnover. Difficulty attracting or retaining personnel or agents could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 The Company operates in an industry that has historically been highly competitive in securing qualified personnel with the required technical skills and experience. The Company s services require skilled personnel able to perform physically demanding work. Due to industry volatility, the demanding nature of the work, and the need for industry specific knowledge and technical skills, current employees could choose to pursue employment opportunities outside the Company that offer a more desirable work environment and/or higher compensation than is offered by the Company. As a result of these competitive labor conditions, the Company may not be able to find qualified labor, which could limit the Company s growth. In addition, the cost of attracting and retaining qualified personnel has increased over the past several years due to competitive pressures. In order to attract and retain qualified personnel, the Company may be required to offer increased wages and benefits. If the Company is unable to increase the prices of products and services to compensate for increases in compensation including inflation, or is unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our DA segment may be materially and negatively affected by government regulations and/or facility disruptions. 
 
 The demand for our equipment and services offerings in our DA segment could be materially affected by additional regulations on the upstream, midstream, and downstream portions of the oil and gas sectors. Additional regulation on oil and gas production, transportation, or processing of hydrocarbons may result in significantly reduced demand for our offerings, either individually or as a result of a decline in the overall oil and gas markets in the United States and abroad. In addition, our products are subject to export control laws and regulations, and changes to those laws and regulations may negatively impact our ability to pursue international opportunities. Disruptions to pipelines and refineries, whether due to regulation, weather, demand, or other factors, may also have a materially adverse effect on our ability to derive revenue from our DA segment. Adjustments to our DA segment s commercial strategy, with a shift towards subscription revenue and away from equipment sales, and the market s response to that strategy, may materially and adversely affect revenues in the near term, even if the strategic shift is successful, due to longer payback periods on subscription models. 
 
 Investor sentiment and public perception related to the oil and natural gas industry and to ESG initiatives could increase costs of capital and reporting requirements and impact operations. 
 
 There are increasing financial risks for oil and natural gas producers, as stockholders and bondholders currently invested in oil and natural gas companies and concerned about the potential effects of climate change, ESG and other sustainability-related issues may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors, or into competitors who are perceived to have stronger ESG practices and disclosures. The Company s ESG practices and disclosures may not satisfy investor requirements or their requirements may not be made known to the Company. The Company may continue to face increasing pressure regarding our ESG practices and disclosures, which pressures have intensified recently in connection with significant societal events and worldwide efforts to mitigate climate change. 
 
 The Company has developed, and will continue to develop, goals and other objectives related to ESG and sustainability matters. Statements related to these goals and objectives reflect the Company s current plans and do not constitute a guarantee that they will be achieved. The Company s ability to achieve any stated goal or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of the Company s control. The Company s efforts to accurately report on ESG and sustainability matters, including our efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on goals and objectives, expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Standards for tracking and reporting on ESG and sustainability matters, including climate-related matters, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. The Company s processes and controls for reporting on ESG and sustainability matters, including our goals and objectives, may not always comply with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting such metrics, including any climate change and sustainability-related public company disclosure requirements adopted by the SEC, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to the Company s current ESG practices and disclosures. 
 
 The lending and investment practices of institutional lenders and investors have been the subject of intensive lobbying efforts in recent years, oftentimes public in nature, not to provide funding for oil and natural gas producers, and some lenders and insurers have announced that they will not lend to or provide insurance for oil and natural gas companies. Limitation of investments in and financings for oil and natural gas could result in the restriction, delay, or cancellation of drilling and completion programs or development of production activities. An increasing number of the Company s customers consider sustainability factors in awarding work. If the Company is unable to meet the ESG standards or investment criteria set by our customers, investors and other parties, which continue to evolve, if we are unable to successfully continue our sustainability enhancement efforts, or if, 
 
 19 

notwithstanding our own efforts, our industry becomes the focus of increasing ESG and sustainability related pressures, the Company may lose customers and investors and/or the Company s cost of capital may increase. 
 
 Severe weather could have an adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 
 The Company s business could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather conditions. Hurricanes, tropical storms, flash floods, blizzards, cold weather, and other severe weather conditions could result in curtailment of services, damage to equipment and facilities, interruption in transportation of products and materials, and loss of productivity. If the Company s customers are unable to operate or are required to reduce operations due to severe weather conditions, and as a result curtail purchases of the Company s products and services, the Company s business could be adversely affected. 
 
 A terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm the Company s business. 
 
 Terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts, and other armed conflicts involving the U.S. could adversely affect the U.S. and global economies and could prevent the Company from meeting financial and other obligations. The Company could experience loss of business, delays or defaults in payments from payors, or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets if pipelines, production facilities, processing plants, or refineries are direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or war. Such activities could reduce the overall demand for oil and natural gas which, in turn, could also reduce the demand for the Company s products and services. Terrorist activities and the threat of potential terrorist activities and any resulting economic downturn could adversely affect the Company s results of operations, impair the ability to raise capital, or otherwise adversely impact the Company s ability to realize certain business strategies. The armed conflict in Ukraine could affect regions in which the Company does business directly or indirectly and could harm the Company s ability to sell its good and services in those regions. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Securities 
 
 The market price of the Company s common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 
 The market price of the Company s common stock is subject to significant fluctuations. The following factors, among others, could cause the price of the Company s common stock to fluctuate: 
 variations in the Company s quarterly results of operations; 
 changes in market valuations of companies within the Company s industry; 
 fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; 
 fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices; 
 issuances of common stock or other securities in the future, including debt or warrants convertible into the Company s common stock and earnings per share; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 inability to perform the ProFrac Agreement 
 announcements by the Company or the Company s competitors of new business, acquisitions, or joint ventures; and 
 negative statements made by external parties about the Company s business in public forums. 
 
 The stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have affected the price of common stock of companies within many industries including the oil and natural gas industry. The price of the Company s common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little to do with the Company s operational performance, and these fluctuations could materially reduce the Company s stock price. The Company could be a defendant in a legal case related to a significant loss of value for the shareholders. This could be expensive and divert management s attention and Company resources, as well as have an adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, cash flows, financial condition or securities. 
 
 An active market for the Company s common stock may not continue to exist or may not continue to exist at current trading levels. 
 
 Trading volume for the Company s common stock historically has been very volatile when compared to companies with larger market capitalization. The Company cannot presume that an active trading market for the Company s common stock will continue or be sustained. Sales of a significant number of shares of the Company s common stock in the public market could lower the market price of the Company s stock. 

20 

If the Company cannot meet the New York Stock Exchange NYSE continued listing requirements, the NYSE may delist the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Company s common stock is currently listed on the NYSE. In the future, if it is not able to meet the continued listing requirements of the NYSE, which require, among other things, that the average closing price of our common stock be above 1.00 over 30 consecutive trading days, the Company s common stock may be delisted. If the Company is unable to satisfy the NYSE criteria for continued listing, its common stock would be subject to delisting. A delisting of its common stock could negatively impact the Company by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of its common stock; reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire the Company s common stock, which could negatively impact its ability to raise equity financing; decreasing the amount of news and analyst coverage of the Company; and limiting the Company s ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. In addition, delisting from the NYSE might negatively impact the Company s reputation and, as a consequence, its business, operating results, cash flows, financial condition or securities. As of the date of filing our consolidated financial statements, the Company s common stock price is less than 1.00. 
 
 The Company s relationship with ProFrac Services LLC and certain of its affiliates may create a conflict of interest. 
 
 The Company derived 59 of its revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 from ProFrac Services LLC. In addition to being the Company s largest customer, certain affiliates of ProFrac Services LLC, entered into various convertible debt transactions with the Company during 2022 (see Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 18, Related Party Transactions, in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report). During 2023, the convertible debt instruments are expected to be converted into the Company s common shares and pre-funded warrants. ProFrac Holdings, LLC also has the right to elect four out of seven Board members and currently consolidates Flotek in their financial results. 
 
 In connection with the conversion of the convertible debt, ProFrac Holdings, LLC or its affiliates are expected to become the Company s largest shareholder during 2023. As a result of the operational and financial relationship with ProFrac Services LLC and its affiliates, as both a significant customer and a majority shareholder, certain conflicts of interest may occur. 
 
 Future issuance of additional shares of common stock could cause dilution of ownership interests and adversely affect the Company s common stock price. 
 
 The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 240,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company may, in the future, issue previously authorized and unissued shares of common stock, which would result in the dilution of current stockholders ownership interests. Additional shares are subject to issuance through various convertible debt securities, equity compensation plans or through the exercise of currently outstanding equity awards. The potential issuance of additional shares of common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the Company s common stock. The Company may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in order to raise capital or effectuate other business purposes. Future sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could have an adverse effect on the price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Company may issue a substantial amount of securities in connection with future acquisitions, and the sale of those securities could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock or other securities. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we may issue additional securities, or securities that have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to our other securities. We may file future shelf registration statements with the SEC that we may use to sell securities from time to time in connection with acquisitions. To the extent that we are able to grow through acquisitions and are able to pay for such acquisitions with shares of our common stock or other securities, the number of outstanding shares of common stock or other securities that will be eligible for sale in the future is likely to increase substantially. Persons receiving shares of our common stock or other securities in connection with these acquisitions may be more likely to sell large quantities of their common stock or other securities, which may influence the price of our common stock or other securities. In addition, the potential issuance of additional shares of common stock or other securities in connection with anticipated acquisitions could lessen demand for our common stock or other securities and result in a lower price than would otherwise be obtained. 

21 

The Company may issue shares of preferred stock or debt securities with greater rights than the Company s common stock. 
 
 Subject to the rules of the NYSE, the Company s certificate of incorporation authorizes the board of directors to issue one or more additional series of preferred stock and to set the terms of the issuance without seeking approval from holders of common stock. Currently, there are 100,000 preferred shares authorized, with no shares currently outstanding. Any preferred stock that is issued may rank senior to common stock in terms of dividends, priority and liquidation premiums, and may have greater voting rights than holders of common stock. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company s business or publish negative reports, the Company s securities prices and trading volumes could decline and affect the price at which investors could sell securities. 
 
 The trading market for the Company s securities may be affected by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about the Company or its business. The Company does not have any control over these analysts. If analysts do not cover the Company on a regular basis or if one or more analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports about the Company, the Company could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the Company s securities prices or trading volumes to decline. If one or more of such analysts publish negative reports about the Company, the Company s securities prices would likely decline. These occurrences could have an effect on the price investors could receive from the sale of the Company s securities. 
 
 Certain anti-takeover provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation and applicable Delaware law could discourage or prevent others from acquiring the Company, which may adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that, among other things: 
 permit the Company to issue, without stockholder approval, shares of preferred stock, in one or more series and, with respect to each series, to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of the series; 
 prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings; 
 limit the ability of stockholders to act by written consent; 
 prohibit cumulative voting; and 
 require advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders. 
 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law limits business combinations with owners of more than 15 of the Company s voting stock without the approval of the board of directors. Aforementioned provisions and other similar provisions make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company exclusive of negotiation. The Company s board of directors could choose not to negotiate with an acquirer deemed not beneficial to or synergistic with the Company s strategic outlook. If an acquirer were discouraged from offering to acquire the Company or prevented from successfully completing a hostile acquisition by these anti-takeover measures, stockholders could lose the opportunity to sell their shares at a favorable price. 
 
 The Company has no plans to pay dividends on the Company s common stock, and, therefore, investors will have to look to stock appreciation for return on investments. 
 
 The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on the Company s common stock within the foreseeable future. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend, among other things, on the Company s earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends, and other considerations deemed relevant by the board of directors. Investors must rely on sales of common stock held after price appreciation, which may never occur, in order to realize a return on their investment. The lack of plans for dividends may make the common stock of the Company an unattractive investment for investors who are seeking dividends. 

22 

We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate this material weakness, or if we experience additional material weaknesses or other deficiencies in the future, or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, which could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations. In particular, we are subject to reporting obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that require us to include a management report on our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report, which contains management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Internal controls must be evaluated continuously and be properly designed and executed by a sufficient level of properly trained staff to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during the fourth quarter of 2022, management identified a material weakness in the design and operation of internal controls related to accounting for leases, prepaid assets and related-party revenues. We have begun designing and implementing measures to improve our internal controls over financial reporting and to remediate this material weakness. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control report requirements will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting controls across our company. We expect these systems and controls to involve significant expenditures and to may become more complex as our business grows. To effectively manage this complexity, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. Our inability to successfully remediate our existing or any future material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting or any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm our operating results and cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, which could limit our liquidity and access to capital markets, adversely affect our business and investor confidence in our financial statements, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 If the Company loses the services of key members of management, the Company may not be able to manage operations and implement growth strategies. 
 
 The Board is currently searching for the Company s next Chief Executive Officer and the length of time taken to select and appoint the appropriate person could adversely impact our operations and strategic business initiatives. The Company depends on the continued service of the President, and Chief Financial Officer and other key members of the executive management team, who possess significant expertise and knowledge of the Company s business and industry. The Company has entered into employment agreements with certain of these key members. Any loss or interruption of the services of key members of the Company s management could significantly reduce the Company s ability to manage operations effectively and implement strategic business initiatives. 
 
 The Company s tax returns are subject to audit by tax authorities. Taxing authorities may make claims for back taxes, interest and penalties. Changes in U.S. tax legislation may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The Company is subject to income, property, excise, employment, and other taxes in the U.S. and a variety of other jurisdictions around the world. Tax rules and regulations in the U.S. and around the world are complex and subject to interpretation. From time to time, taxing authorities conduct audits of the Company s tax filings and may make claims for increased taxes and, in some cases, assess interest and penalties. The assessments for back taxes, interest, and penalties could be significant. If the Company is unsuccessful in contesting these claims, the resulting payments could result in a drain on the Company s capital resources and liquidity. In addition, there may be material adverse effects resulting from new or future U.S. tax reforms that have not been identified and that could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The Company maintains cash in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC protections therefore we may be at risk of losing cash on hand as a result of financial institution insolvency, which may be exacerbated by the recent unstable market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to the financial institutions. 
 
 The closures of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the FDIC created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. The Department of the Treasury, the Federal 
 
 23 

Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our exposure to SVB and Signature Bank is immaterial, however, we maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of FDIC insurance protections. If the financial institution with which we deposit our cash were to become insolvent or were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access our capital or adequately fund our business for a prolonged period of time, or at all. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 The Company currently funds its operations from cash on hand and other current assets. The Company has a history of losses and negative cash flows from operations and expects to utilize a significant amount of cash within one year after the date of filing the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The availability of capital is dependent on the Company s operating cash flow currently expected to be principally derived from the ProFrac Agreement (see Note 18, Related Party Transactions in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report). It is not certain that the Company s cash and other current assets and forecasted operating cash flows currently expected to be generated from the ongoing execution of the ProFrac Agreement will provide the Company with sufficient financial resources to fund operations and meet our capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due in the next twelve months. The Company may require additional liquidity to continue its operations over the next twelve months to sufficiently alleviate or mitigate the conditions and events noted above, which results in substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report are issued. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in its opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements with respect to the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to, obtaining equity financing, issuing debt or entering into other financing arrangements, obtaining higher prices for its products and services, increasing the percentage of its sales from higher margin products, monetizing non-core assets, and reducing expenses. However, the Company may be unable to access further equity or debt financing when needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Disclaimer of Obligation to Update 
 
 Except as required by applicable law or regulation, the Company assumes no obligation (and specifically disclaims any such obligation) to update these risk factors or any other forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions, or other factors affecting such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates two manufacturing, warehouse and research facilities in the U.S. Internationally, the Company has a warehouse and research facility in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and a warehouse in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The Company also has sales offices in Dubai, United Arab Emirates and Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The Company owns two of these facilities and the remainder are leased with lease terms that expire from 2023 through 2030. In 
 
 24 

addition, the Company s corporate office is a leased facility located in Houston, Texas. The following table sets forth facility locations: 
 
 Segment Owned/Leased Location Chemistry Technologies Owned Marlow, Oklahoma Chemistry Technologies Owned Raceland, Louisiana Chemistry Technologies Leased Dubai, United Arab Emirates Chemistry Technologies Leased Calgary, Alberta Chemistry Technologies Leased Raceland, Louisiana Chemistry Technologies Leased Houston, Texas Data Analytics Leased Austin, Texas 
 The Company sold its Waller, Texas facility on April 18, 2022 and its warehouse facility in Monahans, Texas on December 22, 2022. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Litigation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, Flotek commenced an internal investigation into the activities of John Chisholm (Flotek s previous CEO) due to irregularities in expenses and transactions during the years from 2014 to 2018. The investigation revealed evidence of related party transactions/self-dealing, inappropriate personal expenses, and general corporate waste. Flotek s board engaged a third party to review the findings of the investigation. After the third-party review, Flotek concluded that its current and historical financial statements can be relied upon, that proper action had been taken, and that no members of current management were implicated in any way. 
 
 Beginning in December 2021, Flotek sent demand letters to, and subsequently filed arbitration or other legal proceedings against, John Chisholm, Casey Doherty/Doherty Doherty LLP (Flotek s former outside general counsel) and Moss Adams LLP (Flotek s former independent public audit firm) to recover damages. John Chisholm subsequently filed a counterclaim against Flotek in the arbitration proceeding for his remaining severance (currently accrued by the Company, but payment for which was suspended). Although Flotek believes its claims are supported by the available evidence, the timing and amount of any outcome cannot reasonably be predicted. 
 On October 29, 2021, the Company reached an agreement the ADM Settlement) with Archer-Daniels-Midland Company ADM ), Florida Chemical Company FCC and other parties to pay million and resolve all claims between the parties in relation to lawsuit claiming damages relating to the terpene supply agreement between Flotek Chemistry, LCC Flotek Chemistry ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and FCC. The one-time payment of million from Flotek to ADM was paid on January 3, 2022 and the terpene supply agreement is confirmed terminated, eliminating the prior obligation to purchase 10.5 million pounds of terpene through 2023. 
 The Company is subject to other routine litigation and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. Management is not aware of any pending or threatened lawsuits or proceedings that are expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this 
 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 25 

The Company s common stock began trading on the NYSE on December 27, 2007, under the stock ticker symbol FTK. As of the close of business on March 13, 2023, there were approximately 8,782 holders of record. The Company s closing sale price of the common stock on the NYSE on March 21, 2023 was 0.84. The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends on common stock. While the Company regularly assesses the dividend policy, the Company has no current plans to declare dividends on its common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Equity compensation plan information relating to equity securities authorized for issuance under individual compensation agreements at December 31, 2022, is as follows: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be 
 Issued Upon Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights (1) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise 
 Price of Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants and Rights (2) 
 Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available for 
 Future Issuance Under 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 (Excluding Securities 
 Reflected in Column(a)) 
 (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 5,849,554 1.16 2,767,906 
 (1) Includes shares for outstanding stock options (3,821,875 shares), restricted stock awards (2,299,679 shares), and restricted stock unit share equivalents (228,000 shares). 
 (2) The weighted-average exercise price is for outstanding stock options only and does not include outstanding restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit equivalents, and rights that have no exercise price. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 The PIPE transaction, Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable and Prefunded Warrants (Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 14, Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8) were exempted from the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state securities laws. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company s stock compensation plans allow employees to elect to have shares withheld to satisfy their tax liabilities related to non-qualified stock options exercised or restricted stock vested or to pay the exercise price of the options. When this settlement method is elected by the employee, the Company repurchases the shares withheld upon vesting of the award stock. Repurchases of the Company s equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that the Company made or were made on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act are as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 1,624 1.00 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 27,759 1.12 Total 29,383 
 (1) The Company purchases shares of its common stock (a) to satisfy tax withholding requirements and payment remittance obligations related to period vesting of restricted shares and exercise of non-qualified stock options and (b) to satisfy payments required for common stock upon the exercise of stock options. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 26 

Not applicable. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. As a result of many risks and uncertainties, including those factors set forth in Item 1A -Risk Factors of this Annual Report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. For more information, see Forward-Looking Statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and we do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. All dollar amounts stated herein are in U.S. dollars unless specified otherwise. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 Flotek creates unique solutions to reduce the environmental impact of energy on air, water, land and people. A technology-driven, specialty green chemistry and data company, Flotek helps customers across industrial and commercial markets improve their environmental performance. The Company serves specialty chemistry needs for both domestic and international energy markets. 
 The Company has two operating segments, CT and DA, which are both supported by the Company s continuing Research and Innovation advanced laboratory capabilities. 
 The Company s CT segment develops, manufactures, packages, distributes, delivers, and markets green, specialty chemicals that help their customers meet their ESG and operational goals, and aim to enhance the profitability of hydrocarbon producers. 
 
 The Company s DA segment enables users to maximize the value of their hydrocarbon associated processes by providing real-time data and analytics associated with the streams in seconds rather than minutes or days. The real-time access to information prevents waste, reduces reprocessing, and allows users to pursue automation of their hydrocarbon streams to maximize their profitability. 
 During 2022 the Company entered into the ProFrac Agreement, (see Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and Note 18, Related Party Transactions which has resulted in a significant increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Company Overview 
 Chemistry Technologies 
 We believe that the Company s CT segment provides sustainable, optimized chemistry solutions that maximize our customer s value by elevating their ESG performance, lowering operational costs, and delivering improved return on invested capital. The Company s proprietary green chemistries, specialty chemistries, logistics, and technology services enable its customers to pursue improved efficiencies and performance throughout the life cycle of its desired chemical applications program. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, packages, distributes and markets optimized chemistry solutions that accelerate existing sustainability practices to reduce the environmental impact of energy on the air, water, land and people. 
 
 Customers of the CT segment include those of energy related markets, such as our related party ProFrac Services, LLC, as well as consumer and industrial applications. Major integrated oil and gas companies, oilfield services companies, independent oil and gas companies, national and state-owned oil companies, geothermal energy companies, solar energy companies and advanced alternative energy companies benefit from our best-in-class technology, field operations, and continuous improvement exercises that go beyond existing sustainability practices. 
 
 Data Analytics 
 
 The DA segment delivers real-time information and insights to our customers to enable optimization of operations and reduction of emissions and their carbon intensity. Real-time composition and physical properties are delivered simultaneously on their refined fuels, natural gas liquids NGLs ), natural gas, crude oil, and condensates using the industry s only field- 
 
 27 

deployable, in-line optical near-infra-red spectrometer that generates no emissions. The instrument's response is processed with advanced chemometrics modeling, artificial intelligence, and machine learning algorithms to deliver these valuable insights every 15 seconds. 
 
 We believe customers using this technology have obtained significant benefits including additional profits by enhancing operations in crude/condensates stabilization, blending operations, reduction of transmix, increasing efficiencies and optimization of gas plants, and ensuring product quality while reducing giveaways i.e., providing higher value products at the lower value products prices. More efficient operations have the benefit of reducing their carbon footprint e.g., less flaring and reduction in energy expenditure for compression and re-processing. Our customers in North America include the supermajors, some of the largest midstream companies and large gas processing plants. We have developed a line of Verax analyzers for deployment internationally which was certified for compliance in hazardous locations and harsh weather conditions. 
 
 Research Innovation 
 R I supports the acceleration of ESG solutions for both segments through green chemistry formulation, specialty chemical formulations, EPA regulatory guidance, technical support, basin and reservoir studies, data analytics and new technology projects. The purpose of R I is to supply the Company s segments with enhanced products and services that generate current and future revenues, while advising Company management on opportunities concerning technology, environmental and industry trends. The R I facilities support advances in chemistry performance, detection, optimization and manufacturing. 

Consolidated Results of Operations (in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Revenue from external customers 54,344 39,627 Revenue from related party 81,748 3,641 Total revenues 136,092 43,268 Cost of sales 142,792 40,012 Cost of sales 104.9 92.5 Gross profit (loss) (6,700) 3,256 Gross profit (loss) (4.9) 7.5 Selling, general and administrative 27,124 20,166 Selling, general and administrative 19.9 46.6 Depreciation 734 1,011 Research and development 4,438 5,537 Gain on disposal of property and equipment (2,916) (94) Gain on lease termination (584) Gain in fair value of contract consideration convertible notes payable (75) Impairment of goodwill 8,092 Loss from operations (35,421) (31,456) Operating margin (26.0) (72.7) Paycheck protection plan loan forgiveness 881 Interest expense and other income, net (6,906) 9 Loss before income taxes (42,327) (30,566) Income tax benefit 22 40 Net loss (42,305) (30,526) Net loss (31.1) (70.6) 

28 

Consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 92.8 million, or 215 versus the same period of 2021. The significant increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 is driven primarily by activity under the ProFrac Agreement which commenced in the second quarter of 2022 and continued increased activity with new and existing customers both domestic and international, particularly in the CT segment. 
 
 Consolidated cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 102.8 million, or 257 versus the same period of 2021 .The increase is primarily driven by the activity with ProFrac Services, LLC and higher freight and equipment rental costs due to the increased volume of business. Cost of sales in 2021 was positively impacted by the release of accrued costs of 7.6 million subsequent to the agreement of a settlement with ADM, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Selling general and administrative SG A expenses are not directly attributable to products sold or services provided. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 7.0 million, or 35 , versus the same period of 2021. The increase in SG A expenses is driven primarily by higher personnel costs to facilitate the increase in operational activity, and professional fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021, personnel costs were lower due to the receipt of a 2.9 million payroll tax credit from the Employee Retention Credit, ERC a provision set up to assist employers during the pandemic. The increase in professional fees of 1.8 million is attributable mainly to fees incurred in assessing alternative strategies to raise capital, partially offset by lower legal fees. 
 Depreciation expense decreased 0.3 million, or 27 for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus the same period of 2021 partially driven by the assets held for sale that were ultimately sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 and also by assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 Research and development R D costs decreased 1.1 million, or 20 for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus the same period of 2021 driven by lower personnel costs as a result of headcount reductions from 2021 to 2022. 
 Loss from operations increased by 4.0 million, or 13 for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus the same period in 2021. Loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was positively impacted by the release of accrued costs of 7.6 million subsequent to the agreement of a settlement with ADM, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . Excluding the ADM credit, loss from operations decreased 3.6 million, or 9 year on year. The improvement is driven by increased revenue and gross margin, the gain on disposal of property and equipment from the sale of the Waller, Texas and Monahans, Texas facilities and the gain on lease termination partially offset by increased SG A expenses. 
 Loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, was impacted by interest charges of 7.1 million compared to 0.1 million for the same period in 2021. The increased interest cost is driven by paid-in-kind interest on the Convertible Notes Payable issued in connection with the PIPE transaction conducted in February 2022 and the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable. Loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021was positively impacted by a 0.9 million gain from the forgiveness of the JP3 Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan. 
 
 Results by Segment (in thousands): 
 Chemistry Technologies Results of Operations: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue from external customers 48,960 35,288 Revenue from related party 81,618 3,641 Loss from operations (14,729) (5,466) 
 
 CT revenue from external customers for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 13.7 million, or 39 , compared to 2021 due to increased domestic and international sales with both new and existing customers. Revenue from related parties increased 78.0 million, or 2,142 driven by the ProFrac Agreement which commenced in the second quarter of 2022. 
 Loss from operations for the CT segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.3 million, or 169 , compared to 2021. The decline is driven by the low gross margin due to amortization of the contract asset, early payment discounts given to customers, start up costs relating to the ProFrac Agreement and a one time inventory write down of 1.0 million relating to the decision to cease the manufacture and sale of hand sanitizers. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 benefited 
 
 29 

from the release of accrued costs relating to the ADM settlement of 7.6 million, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Data Analytics Results of Operations: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue from external customers 5,384 4,339 Revenue from related party 130 Loss from operations (2,877) (12,168) 
 
 DA revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 1.0 million, or 24 , compared to revenue for 2021. The increase is driven by significant revenues with three new customers and several existing customers. Related party revenue has increased by 0.1 million compared to 2021 relating to services provided to ProFrac Services, LLC. 
 
 Loss from operations for the DA segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 9.3 million, or 76 , compared to 2021. The improvement is primarily due to 2021 being impacted by a goodwill impairment charge of 8.1 million and the increase in revenue and gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Corporate and Other Results of Operations: 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Loss from operations (17,815) (13,822) 
 
 Loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 4.0 million, or 29 compared to 2021 attributable to an increase in personnel costs and professional fees. Personnel costs in 2021 included a 2.9 million payroll tax credit from the ERC provision. Increased professional fees were driven by fees incurred in assessing alternative strategies to raise capital, partially offset by lower legal fees. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 Overview 
 The Company s ongoing capital requirements relate to the acquisition and maintenance of equipment and to the funding of working capital requirements. During 2022, the Company funded working capital requirements with net cash proceeds from the issuance of Convertible Notes Payable for 20.1 million, prefunded warrants issued for 19.5 million, and cash on hand. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 12.3 million, as compared to 11.5 million at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an operating loss of 35.4 million, 44.6 million of cash used in operating activities, 5.3 million of cash provided by investing activities and 38.3 million of cash provided by financing activities. 
 Going Concern 
 These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 The Company currently funds its operations from cash on hand and other current assets. The Company has a history of losses and negative cash flows from operations and expects to utilize a significant amount of cash within one year after the date of filing the consolidated financial statements. The availability of capital is dependent on the Company s operating cash flow currently expected to be principally derived from the ProFrac Agreement (see Note 18, Related Party Transactions ). It is not 
 
 30 

certain that the Company s cash and other current assets and our forecasted operating cash flows currently expected to be generated from the ongoing execution of the ProFrac Agreement will provide the Company with sufficient financial resources to fund operations and meet our capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due in the next twelve months. The Company may require additional liquidity to continue its operations over the next twelve months to sufficiently alleviate or mitigate the conditions and events noted above, which results in substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to, obtaining equity financing, issuing debt or entering into other financing arrangements, obtaining higher prices for its products and services, increasing the percentage of its sales from higher margin products, monetizing non-core assets, and reducing expenses. However, the Company may be unable to access further equity or debt financing when needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 
 Cash Flows 
 Consolidated cash flows by type of activity are noted below (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (44,632) (25,840) Net cash provided by investing activities 5,331 112 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 38,267 (372) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 100 100 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (934) (26,000) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 44.6 million and 25.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Consolidated net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 42.3 million and 30.5 million, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, non-cash positive adjustments to net loss totaled 12.8 million as compared to 4.2 million for the same period of 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, non-cash positive adjustments included paid-in-kind interest on the Convertible Notes Payable and Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable of 6.0 million, amortization of contract assets and convertible note issuance costs of 3.4 million and 1.0 million, respectively and stock compensation expense of 3.3 million. The non-cash adjustment for the provision for excess and obsolete inventory was 1.7 million and depreciation was 0.7 million. These were offset by adjustments for the gain on sale of property and and equipment of 2.9 million, attributable to the facility sales and the gain on lease termination of 0.6 million relating to the early termination of a lease on a Canadian facility. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, non-cash adjustments included a 7.6 million benefit related to the ADM settlement and 8.1 million of impairment charges. The non-cash adjustment for the provision of excess and obsolete inventory was 0.6 million and depreciation was 1.0 million. Other non-cash adjustments included stock based compensation of 3.8 million, JP3 PPP loan forgiveness of 0.9 million and 0.8 million related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in working capital used 15.2 million of cash as compared to providing 0.5 million for the same period of 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, changes in working capital resulted primarily from increases in accounts receivable including related party and inventories of 28.7 million and 7.9 million, respectively, due to the significant increase in revenues. Contract assets increased 3.6 million related to transaction fees paid, associated with Contract 
 
 31 

Consideration Notes Payable. This is partially offset by an increase of accounts payable of 25.8 million, attributable to the increase in activity. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, changes in working capital resulted primarily from increases in accounts receivable and other current assets of 2.0 million and accounts payable of 1.8 million. This has been offset by decreases in inventories and income taxes receivable of 2.1 million and accrued liabilities of 1.4 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.3 million primarily from the sale of the facilities in Waller, Texas and Monahans, Texas which closed on April 18, 2022 and December 22, 2022, respectively, resulting in cash proceeds of 5.8 million, partially offset by capital additions. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was immaterial. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily from the proceeds of the issuance of convertible notes of 21.2 million and prefunded warrants of 19.5 million, partially offset by issuance costs of 2.3 million. Net cash used in financing activities was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily for purchases of common stock related to tax withholding requirements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. The Company believes the following accounting policies are critical due to the significant subjective and complex judgments and estimates required when preparing the consolidated financial statements. The Company regularly reviews judgments, assumptions and estimates related to the critical accounting policies. 
 Contract Assets 
 
 The Company s contract assets represent consideration issued in the form of convertible notes (Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable as discussed in Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable and other incremental costs related to obtaining the ProFrac Agreement. The contract assets are amortized over the term of the ProFrac Agreement (10 years) based on forecasted revenues. As goods are transferred to ProFrac Services, LLC, the amortization is presented as a reduction of the transaction price included in related party revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. The contract assets are tested for recoverability on a recurring basis and the Company will recognize an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract assets exceeds the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in the future for the transfer of goods under the contract less the direct costs that relate to providing those goods in the future. Significant or unanticipated changes to our forecast could impact the recoverability of the contract assets. 
 Reserve for Excess and Obsolete Inventory 
 Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost, or market determined using the weighted-average cost method, or net realizable value. Finished goods inventories include raw materials, direct labor and production overhead. 
 The Company reviews inventories on hand and current market conditions to determine if the cost of raw materials and finished goods inventories exceed current market prices and impairs the cost basis of the inventory accordingly. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management s estimated usage requirement is written down to its net realizable value if those amounts are determined to be less than cost. Write-downs or write-offs of inventory are charged to cost of sales. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the reserve for excess and obsolete inventory was 8.2 million and 10.1 million, or 34.3 and 51.8 of inventory, respectively. Significant or unanticipated changes to our estimates and forecasts could impact the amount and timing of any additional provisions for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 
 Fair Value of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable 
 
 32 

The Company accounts for the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable as discussed in Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable issued related to obtaining the ProFrac Agreement, as liability classified convertible instruments in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Stock Compensation . Under ASC 718, liability classified convertible instruments are measured at fair value at the grant date and at each reporting date with the change in fair value included in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company estimates the fair value of the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable by means of a Monte Carlo simulation which utilizes key inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, stock price, expected volatility and term until liquidation. Significant changes to the key inputs such as the Company s stock price and volatility would impact the estimated fair value. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recent accounting pronouncements which may impact the Company are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements, in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements of this Annual Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is primarily exposed to market risk from changes in raw material prices, freight costs, and foreign currency exchange rates. Market risk is measured as the potential negative impact on earnings, cash flows or fair values resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates, commodity prices or foreign currency exchange rates over the next year. The Company manages exposure to market risks at the corporate level. The portfolio of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities is monitored and adjusted to provide liquidity necessary to satisfy anticipated short-term needs. The Company s risk management policies allow the use of specified financial instruments for hedging purposes only. Speculation on interest rates or foreign currency rates is not permitted. The Company does not consider any of these risk management activities to be material. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The Company s functional currency is primarily the U.S. dollar. The Company operates principally in the United States and has limited exposure to foreign currency risk in its international operations. During 2022, approximately 0.74 of revenue was denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies and substantially all assets and liabilities of the Company are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, as the Company expands its international operations, non-U.S. denominated activity is likely to increase. The Company has not historically used swaps or foreign currency hedges, however, the Company may utilize swaps or foreign currency hedges in the future. 
 
 Commodity Risk 
 The Company, and the CT segment in particular, primarily relies upon supply relationships to meet many of its raw material needs. Price increases are passed along to the Company s customers, where applicable or possible. The Company presently does not utilize commodity derivative instruments but may consider utilizing forms of hedging to mitigate the effects of rising commodity prices on its supplies, in the future. 
 
 33 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors Flotek Industries, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flotek Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows, and stockholders equity for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for convertible instruments as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or 
 
 34 

disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Recoverability of contract assets 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company s contract assets represent consideration issued in the form of convertible notes and other incremental costs related to obtaining a contract with ProFrac Services, LLC, a related party customer. The contract assets are tested for recoverability on a recurring basis and the Company will recognize an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract assets exceeds the amount of revenue the Company expects to receive in the future for the transfer of goods under the long-term supply agreement and the amendment to that agreement (collectively, the ProFrac Agreement) less the direct costs that relate to providing those goods in the future. As described in Note 4, the Company had recorded contract assets, net of 79.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the recoverability of contract assets as a critical audit matter. There was subjective auditor judgement in evaluating the key assumptions used in the Company s contract asset recoverability assessment, specifically the forecasted product revenue and related forecasted costs to provide products over the term of the ProFrac Agreement. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the Company s contract assets recoverability assessment, including controls over the development of forecasted revenue and costs over the term of the ProFrac Agreement. To assess the Company s ability to forecast revenue and costs, we compared revenue and cost forecasts for the current year to actual results. We performed sensitivity analyses over the Company s contract asset recoverability assessment by evaluating the effect of changes in the forecasted revenue and costs over the term of the ProFrac Agreement. We assessed the reasonableness of forecasted revenue and costs by considering whether such amounts were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 22, 2023 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Accounts receivable, related party Inventories, net Other current assets Current contract assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Long-term contract assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets, net Other long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Interest payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Convertible notes payable Contract consideration convertible notes payable Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, long-term Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Long-term debt TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue: Revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Total revenues Cost of sales Gross profit (loss) ) Operating costs and expenses: Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation Research and development Gain on disposal of property and equipment ) ) Gain on lease termination ) Gain on fair value of contract consideration convertible notes payable ) Impairment of goodwill Total operating costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Paycheck protection plan loan forgiveness Interest expense ) ) Other income, net Total other income (expense) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) ) Loss per common share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares: Weighted average common shares used in computing basic loss per common share Weighted average common shares used in computing diluted loss per common share 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustment Comprehensive Loss ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Change in fair value of contract consideration convertible notes payable ) Amortization of convertible note issuance cost Paid-in-kind interest expense Amortization of contract assets Depreciation Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recoveries ) Inventory purchase commitment settlement ) Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Impairment of goodwill Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) Gain on lease termination ) Non-cash lease expense Stock compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Paycheck protection plan loan forgiveness ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts receivable, related party ) ) Inventories ) Income taxes receivable Other assets ) ) Contract assets ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable ) Interest payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Payment of issuance costs of convertible notes ) Proceeds from issuance of warrants Payment of issuance costs of stock warrants ) Payments to tax authorities for shares withheld from employees ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock Payments for finance leases ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period Restricted cash at the beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at the end of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars and shares) 
 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity 
 Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted stock units vested ) ) Stock compensation expense Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) ) ) Issuance of stock warrants, net of transaction fee Equity contribution Conversion of notes to common stock Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 

Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Issued Par Value Shares Cost Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited ) Restricted units vested Stock compensation expense Shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) ) ) Other (1) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) 
 (1) See Note 14, Stockholders Equity for further discussion. 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 operating segments, CT and DA, are both supported by its Research Innovation advanced laboratory capabilities. For further discussion of our operations and segments, see Note 19, Business Segment, Geographic and Major Customer Information. 
 Going Concern 
 These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 The Company currently funds its operations from cash on hand and other current assets. The Company has a history of losses and negative cash flows from operations and expects to utilize a significant amount of cash within one year after the date of filing the consolidated financial statements. The availability of capital is dependent on the Company s operating cash flow currently expected to be principally derived from the ProFrac Agreement (see Note 18, Related Party Transactions ). It is not certain that the Company s cash and other current assets and our forecasted operating cash flows currently expected to be generated from the ongoing execution of the ProFrac Agreement will provide the Company with sufficient financial resources to fund operations and meet our capital requirements and anticipated obligations as they become due in the next twelve months. The Company may require additional liquidity to continue its operations over the next twelve months to sufficiently alleviate or mitigate the conditions and events noted above, which results in substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to, obtaining equity financing, issuing debt or entering into other financing arrangements, obtaining higher prices for its products and services, increasing the percentage of its sales from higher margin products, monetizing non-core assets, and reducing expenses. However, the Company may be unable to access further equity or debt financing when needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 2 

All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company does not have investments in any unconsolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 41 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 consists of cash that the Company is contractually obligated to maintain in accordance with the terms of its credit card program with a financial institution. The restricted cash balance as of December 31, 2021 included cash maintained in accordance with the credit card program and cash held in escrow of million for amounts due under the terms of the legal settlement discussed in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Charges to provision for doubtful accounts, net of recoveries ) Write-offs ) ) Balance, end of year 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for the related party accounts receivable, including ProFrac Services, LLC. 
 years) based on forecasted revenues as goods are transferred to ProFrac Services, LLC and the amortization is presented as a reduction of the transaction price included in related party revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The contract assets are tested for recoverability on a recurring basis and the Company will recognize an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract assets exceeds the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in the future for the transfer of goods under the ProFrac Agreement less the direct costs that relate to providing those goods in the future. Based on our tests of recoverability, we did not identify an impairment of the contract assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

42 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Land improvements years Transportation equipment - years 
 Computer equipment and software - years 
 
 Property and equipment, including ROU assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, the Company first compares the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset, the Company will determine the fair value of the asset or asset group. The amount of impairment loss recognized is the excess of the asset or asset group s carrying amount over its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. There were no impairments of property and equipment and ROU assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Assets to be disposed of are reported as assets held for sale at the lower of the carrying amount or the asset s fair value less cost to s ell and depreciation is ceased. Upon sale or other disposition of an asset, the Company recognizes a gain or loss on disposal measured as the difference between the net carrying amount of the asset and the net proceeds received. 

43 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- days for domestic and - days f or international from invoice receipt. Under revenue contracts for both products and services, customers are invoiced once the performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. Contract assets associated with incomplete performance obligations are not material. 
 
 The Company applies several practical expedients including: 
 Sales commissions are expensed as selling, general and administrative expenses when incurred because the amortization period is generally one year or less. 
 The Company s payment terms are short-term in nature with settlements of one year or less. As a result, the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component. 
 
 44 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

45 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 3 
 
 46 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Services 
 (1) Product revenues include sales to related parties as described in Note 18, Related Party Transactions. 
 Disaggregation of Cost of Sales 
 The Company differentiates cost of sales based on whether the cost is attributable to tangible goods sold, cost of services sold or other costs which cannot be directly attributable to either tangible goods or services. 
 Total cost of sales disaggregated is as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cost of sales: Tangible goods sold Services Other 
 Other cost of sales represent costs directly associated with the generation of revenue but which cannot be attributed directly to tangible goods sold or services. Examples of other costs of sales are certain personnel costs and equipment rental and insurance costs. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a one time credit of million (shown in Other and below in cost of sales for external customers), related to the release of accrued costs subsequent to the ADM settlement (see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies ). 
 Cost of sales for related parties 

Note 4 - 
 Less accumulated amortization ) Contract assets, net Less current contract assets ) Contract assets, long term 
 
 47 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively, and associated fees of million. As of December 31, 2022, million of the contract assets are classified as long term based upon our estimate of the forecasted revenues from the ProFrac Agreement which will not be realized within the next twelve months of the ProFrac Agreement. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recognized million of contract assets amortization which is recorded as a reduction of the transaction price included in the related party revenue in the consolidated statement of operations. The below table reflects our estimated amortization per year (in thousands) based on the Company s current forecasted revenues from the ProFrac Agreement. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter through May 2032 Total contract assets 
 
 Note 5 
 Finished goods Inventories Less reserve for excess and obsolete inventory ) ) Inventories, net 
 
 Charged to provisions Deductions for sales and disposals ) ) Balance, end of the year 

The provisions recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022 w ere million for the CT segment an d million for the DA segment. The CT segment provision includes million for the exit of the hand sanitizers business line. The provisions recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021 wer e million for the CT segment and for the DA segment. 
 
 48 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 6 
 Land improvements Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Transportation equipment Computer equipment and software Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During 2022, the Company sold its facilities that were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021 for proceeds of million resulting in a net gain of million. 
 
 Note 7 
 thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in other income in the consolidated statement of operations. As discussed in Note 6, Property and Equipment these facilities were sold in 2022 and the lease agreements between the tenants and the Company terminated. 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization of assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense Short-term lease expense Total lease expense Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 
 49 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Current portion of finance lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Note 8 - 
 million and reduced the goodwill balance to as of December 31, 2021. The goodwill impairment was calculated as the amount that the carrying value of the DA reporting unit, including any goodwill, exceeded its fair value. 

50 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 9 
 Loss on purchase commitments (Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies Payroll and benefits Legal costs Contingent liability for earn-out provision Deferred revenue, current Taxes other than income taxes Other Total current accrued liabilities 
 
 Note 10 
 million loan (the Flotek PPP loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which was created through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). In October 2021, the Flotek PPP loan maturity date was extended from April 15, 2022 to April 15, 2025. On January 5, 2023 the Company received notice from the SBA that million of the million principal amount and accrued interest to this date of million, was forgiven. The remaining principal amount of million and accrued interest, will be repaid over the remaining term of the loan through April 15, 2025 beginning on March 15, 2023. The forgiveness of the Flotek PPP loan will be accounted for as an extinguishment of the debt and will result in the Company recording a million gain in the first quarter of 2023 comprising the principal amount forgiven of million and accrued interest of million. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of JP3 in May 2020, the Company assumed a PPP loan of million obtained by JP3 (the JP3 PPP loan in April 2020 prior to its acquisition by Flotek. In June 2021, the Company received notice from the SBA that the JP3 PPP loan and accrued interest were fully forgiven. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million for the amount of principal and accrued interest forgiven associated with the JP3 PPP loan in other income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Less current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current portion 

51 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in aggregate initial principal amount of Convertible Notes Payable for net cash proceeds of approximately million. The investors are ProFrac Holdings, LLC, Burlington Ventures Ltd., entities associated with North Sound Management, certain funds associated with one of Flotek's directors including the D3 Family Fund and the D3 Bulldog Fund, and Firestorm Capital LLC. The Convertible Notes Payable accrue paid-in-kind interest at a rate of per annum, have a maturity of one year, and are converted into common stock of Flotek or pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock of Flotek, (a) at the holder's option at any time prior to maturity, at a price of per share, (b) at Flotek's option, if the volume-weighted average trading price of Flotek's common stock equals or exceeds for trading days during a consecutive trading day period, or (c) at maturity, at a price of . The issuance cost of million is amortized on a straight line basis over the term of the Convertible Notes Payable and the amortization is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, million of the Convertible Notes Payable, plus accrued paid-in-kind interest thereon, were converted at the holder s option into approximately million shares of common stock resulting in a million credit to additional paid-in-capital in stockholders equity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the remaining Convertible Notes Payable are recorded at carrying value of million, including accrued paid-in-kind interest of million, and net of unamortized issuance costs of million. The estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes Payable at December 31, 2022 was million. 
 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes million of accrued paid-in-kind interest and million of issuance cost amortization related to these Convertible Notes Payable. Interest expense relating to the Convertible Notes Payable held by ProFrac Holdings, LLC (related party) is million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable 
 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement with ProFrac Services, LLC (the Initial ProFrac Agreement ), a subsidiary of ProFrac Holdings LLC, in exchange for million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable ), under the same terms as the Convertible Notes Payable issued in the PIPE Transaction described above, including the paid-in-kind interest at a rate of 10 per annum and conversion features. 
 
 The Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable are accounted for as liability classified convertible instruments and were initially recorded at fair value of million on the issuance date with a corresponding contract asset. The Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were remeasured to fair value of million as of December 31, 2022 which includes paid-in-kind interest of million. The fair value adjustment increased the carrying amount of the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable by million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and is recognized in gain on fair value of contract consideration convertible notes payable, net on our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 11, Fair Value Measurements . 
 
 Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable 
 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Initial ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement and collectively the ProFrac Agreement upon issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to ProFrac Holdings LLC. The Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable accrue paid-in-kind interest at a rate of per annum and may be converted at any time prior to the maturity date, which is one year from the date of issuance under the same conversion terms as the Convertible Notes Payable issued in the PIPE Transaction described above. 

52 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million on the issuance date with a corresponding contract asset. The Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were remeasured to fair value of million as of December 31, 2022 which includes paid-in-kind interest of million The fair value adjustment resulted in a million decrease during the year ended December 31, 2022 and is recognized in gain on fair value of contract consideration convertible notes payable, net on our consolidated statement of operations. See Note 11, Fair Value Measurements . 
 
 Note 11 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accrued liabilities and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these accounts. 
 Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 Initial ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes Amended ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes Total 
 
 Contingent Earnout Consideration Key Inputs 
 The estimated fair value of the remaining stock performance earn-out provision, with respect to the JP3 transaction, is included in accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The estimated fair value of the earn-out provision at the end of each period was valued using a Monte Carlo model analyzing 20,000 simulations performed using Geometric Brownian Motion with inputs such as risk-neutral expected growth and volatility. 
 
 53 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Expected volatility Term until liquidation (years) Stock price Discount rate 
 Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Notes Payable Key Inputs 
 The Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were measured at fair value at issuance and on a recurring basis. The Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable had an initial fair value of million on February 2, 2022. The Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable were classified as Level 2 at the initial measurement upon issuance due to the use of a quoted price for a similar liability at that date (the PIPE transaction), and subsequently classified as Level 3 due to the use of unobservable inputs. The estimated value of the Initial ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable as of December 31, 2022 was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 Expected volatility Term until liquidation (years) Stock price Discount rate 
 Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable Key Inputs 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company measured the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable classified as Level 3 using a Monte Carlo simulation at an estimated fair value of million. The Company reduced the discount rate assumed due to the reduced likelihood of occurrence of any of the default events in the shorter term remaining on the notes. The estimated value of the Amended ProFrac Agreement Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable as at December 31, 2022 was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 Expected volatility Term until liquidation (years) Stock price Discount rate 
 
 54 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 8, Goodwill . 
 Level 3 Rollforward for Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Transfer of Initial ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable from Level 2 Issuance of Amended ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable Increase in principle of Initial ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable for paid-in-kind interest Increase in principle of Amended ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable for paid-in-kind interest Change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration ) ) Change in fair value of Initial ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable Change in fair value of Amended ProFrac Agreement contract consideration convertible notes payable ) Balance - end of period 
 
 Note 12 
 State Foreign Total current expense Deferred: Federal State ) ) Foreign Total deferred benefit ) ) Income tax benefit ) )) ) Foreign ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) 
 
 55 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates ) Increase in tax benefit related to stock-based awards ) Increase in valuation allowance ) ) Permanent differences related to CARES Act Other Effective income tax rate 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the value reported for income tax purposes, at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the differences reverse. The movement in the temporary differences for the year ended December 31, 2022 does not affect the estimated annual effective tax rate as it is offset by a corresponding change in the valuation allowance. 
 Intangible assets Tax credit carryforwards Goodwill Property and equipment Lease liability Inventory valuation reserves Allowance for doubtful accounts Accrued liabilities Accrued compensation Equity compensation Interest limitation Other Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: ROU asset ) ) Prepaid insurance and other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of million, including million expiring in various amounts from 2029 through 2037 which can offset of taxable income and million that has an indefinite carryforward period which can offset of taxable income per year. The ability to utilize net operating losses and other tax attributes could be subject to a significant limitation if the Company were to undergo a change in control as defined for purposes of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Company performed a study in which it determined that no ownership change has occurred as of December 31, 2022. However, the Company anticipates that a change in control will occur in the near term when certain convertible notes are converted during the year ended 2023. Although the 
 
 56 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in the recent thirty-six months are negative evidence that it will not likely generate sufficient future income to utilize its deferred tax assets. Therefore, the Company believes that it is not more likely than not that it will realize its deferred tax assets in all taxing jurisdictions with the exception of a portion of Louisiana and Texas. Therefore, the Company recorded a valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax asset realizability. 
 The Company intends to reinvest the unremitted earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, in unremitted earnings from its foreign jurisdictions. As a result of the 2017 Tax Act these earnings have been previously taxed in the U.S. although they have not been repatriated. However, certain withholding taxes may need to be paid upon repatriation depending on the US treaty with the applicable country. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of the deferred tax liability on such unremitted earnings. 

Note 13 
 million and resolve all claims between the parties in relation to lawsuit claiming damages relating to the terpene supply agreement between Flotek Chemistry, LCC Flotek Chemistry ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and FCC. The one-time payment of million from Flotek to ADM was paid on January 3, 2022 and was included as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. A credit of million was recorded in cost of sales in the consolidated statements operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 relating to the release of excess costs accrued for this matter. 
 
 Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company is subject to concentrations of credit risk within trade accounts receivable, and related party accounts receivable, as the Company does not generally require collateral as support for trade receivables. In addition, the majority of the Company s cash is invested in three major U.S. financial institutions and balances often exceed insurable amounts. 
 
 57 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 14 
 million plus thousand of accrued interest, were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 On June 21, 2022, ProFrac Holdings II, LLC paid million for PreFunded Warrants of the Company. The PreFunded Warrants were recorded in equity at their fair value of million, estimated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, le ss million of transaction costs paid. The remaining cash received of million was recognized as an equity contribution. Th e Prefunded Warrants permit ProFrac Holdings II, LLC to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price equal to per share, representing a premium to the 30-day volume average price of the Company s common stock at the close of business on the day prior to the date of the issuance of the Prefunded Warrants. The Prefunded Warrants, net of transaction fees of million, and the equity contribution of million from ProFrac Holdings, II, LLC are included in additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2022. 
 Expected volatility Term until liquidation (years) Stock price Strike price (exercise fee) million 
 ProFrac Holdings II, LLC and its affiliates may not receive any voting or consent rights in respect of the Prefunded Warrants or the underlying shares unless and until (i) the Company has obtained approval from a majority of its shareholders excluding ProFrac Holdings II, LLC and its affiliates and (ii) ProFrac Holdings II, LLC has paid an additional million to the Company. The additional million will be accounted for as an equity contribution if received. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company identified shares that were improperly included in the December 31, 2020 issued share count, and the Company adjusted the issued share count presented on the statement of stockholders equity. This adjustment was not material to the December 31, 2020 consolidated financial statements or basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 Treasury Stock 
 shares and and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are accounted for as treasury stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, forfeited stock awards returned to treasury stock were shares and shares, respectively. 
 
 Note 15 
 million, million, and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total o f million and million shares remaining, respectively, to be granted under the 2020 Plan, 2019 Plan and 2018 Plan. 

58 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 market-based stock options were granted compared to million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The market-based options are restricted until criteria defined in the agreements are met. Proceeds received from stock option exercises are credited to common stock and additional paid-in capital, as appropriate. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures. Estimates are adjusted when actual forfeitures differ from the estimate. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded for all equity awards expected to vest. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million stock options vested, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were forfeited compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The total fair value of the stock options that vested was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 . 
 The below table shows the aggregate intrinsic value and weighted average remaining contractual term of share options outstanding, currently exercisable and vested or expected to vest. 
 Share Options Outstanding Share Options Currently Exercisable Share Options Vested or Expected to Vest Number Weighted-average exercise price Aggregate intrinsic value 000 s) Weighted-average remaining contractual term in years 
 
 options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility of common stock Expected life of options in years Dividend yield 
 
 59 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively. Upon the departure of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President effective January 19, 2023, of the outstanding stock options were forfeited (see Note 20, Subsequent Events ). The unrecognized compensation expense related to these forfeited options was million. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 The Company grants employees and directors either time-vesting or market-based restricted shares in accordance with terms specified in the Restricted Stock Agreements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the restricted stock granted were time-vesting restricted shares. Grantees of restricted shares retain voting rights for the granted shares. 
 Time-vesting restricted shares vest after a stipulated period has elapsed after the date of grant, generally . Certain time-vested shares have also been issued with a portion of the shares granted vesting immediately. 
 Market-based restricted shares are issued with criteria defined over a designated period and vest only when, and if, the outlined criteria are met. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock was million and million, respectively. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSU s were granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) RSUs at December 31, 2021 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) RSUs at December 31, 2022 

60 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million. Upon the departure of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President effective January 19, 2023, all the unvested restricted stock units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were forfeited (see Note 20, Subsequent Events ). 
 Employee Stoc k Purchase Plan 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP was approved by stockholders in 2012. The Company registered shares of its common stock, currently held as treasury shares, for issuance under the ESPP. The purpose of the ESPP is to provide employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through accumulated payroll deductions. The ESPP allows participants to purchase common stock at a purchase price equal to of the fair market value of the common stock on the last business day of a offering period which coincides with calendar quarters. Payroll deductions may not exceed of an employee s compensation and participants may not purchase more than shares in any one offering period. In addition, for each calendar year, an employee may not be granted purchase rights valued over , as determined at the time such purchase right is granted. The fair v alue of the discount associated with shares purchased under the plan is recognized as stock-based compensation expense and wa s thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total fair value of the shares purchased under the plan during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million , respectively . The employee payment associated with participation in the plan occurs through payroll deductions. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock unit grants and stock purchased under the Company s ESPP was million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 401(k) Retirement Plan 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement plan for the benefit of eligible employees in the U.S. All employees are eligible to participate in the plan upon employment. The Company currently matches contributions at of up to of an employee s compensation . 
 million and million, respectively, related to the Company s 401(k) match. 
 
 Note 16 

61 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Anti-dilutive adjustment to net income available to shareholders excluded from numerator for diluted earnings computation Paid-in-Kind interest expense on convertible notes payable and contract consideration convertible notes payable, net of tax Valuation gain on convertible notes carried at fair value, net of tax ) Total numerator adjustment excluded from diluted earnings computation Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Anti-dilutive incremental shares excluded from denominator for diluted earnings computation Average number of diluted shares for convertible notes payable and contract consideration convertible notes payable Average number of diluted shares for stock warrants Average number of diluted shares for stock options and restricted stock Basic and diluted loss per share 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 paid-in-kind interest expense, net of tax, on Convertible Notes Payable and the change in fair value related to the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable, net of tax, were not included in the dilution calculation since including them would have an anti-dilutive effect on the loss per share due to the net loss incurred during the periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022 weighted average shares for convertible notes payable, weighted average shares for stock warrants and weighted average shares for employee stock awards were not included in the dilution calculation since including them would have an anti-dilutive effect on the loss per share due to the net loss incurred during the period. 

Note 17 
 Income taxes received ) Supplemental non-cash financing and investing activities: Issuance of convertible notes payable as consideration for ProFrac Agreement Conversion of convertible notes payable to common stock 
 . 
 
 62 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 18 
 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes (the Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable to ProFrac Holdings LLC (see Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable ). Under the Initial ProFrac Agreement, ProFrac Services, LLC is obligated to order chemicals from the Company at least equal to the greater of (a) the chemicals required for of ProFrac Services, LLC s hydraulic fracturing fleets and (b) a baseline measured by the first ten hydraulic fracturing fleets deployed by ProFrac Services, LLC during the term of the Initial ProFrac Agreement. If the minimum volumes are not achieved in any given year, ProFrac Services LLC shall pay to the Company, as liquidated damages an amount equal to twenty-five percent of the difference between (i) the aggregate purchase price of the quantity of products comprising the minimum purchase obligation and (ii) the actual purchased volume during such calendar year. 
 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Initial ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement and collectively the ProFrac Agreement upon issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of Contract Consideration Convertible Notes Payable (see Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable ). The Initial ProFrac Agreement was amended to (a) increase ProFrac Services LLC s minimum purchase obligation for each year to the greater of of ProFrac Services LLC s requirements and a baseline measured by ProFrac Services LLC s first 30 hydraulic fracturing fleets, and (b) increase the term to 10 years. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s revenues from ProFrac Services LLC were million and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, these revenues were net of amortization of contract assets of million . Cost of sales attributable to these revenues were million and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our accounts receivable from ProFrac Services, LLC was million and , respectively which is recorded in accounts receivable, related party on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Also during 2022, we entered into the following related party transactions with ProFrac Holdings, LLC and ProFrac Holdings II, LLC: 
 
 PIPE Transaction (see Note 10, Debt and Convertible Notes Payable 
 PreFunded Warrants (see Note 14, Stockholders Equity) 
 On March 21, 2022, the Convertible Notes Payable which had been purchased by certain funds associated with one of the Company s directors including the D3 Family Fund and the D3 Bulldog Fund, which aggregated million plus thousand of accrued interest and amortization of issuance costs of thousand, were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 million and million, respectively, through April 15, 2022. The accounts receivable balance from Confluence as at December 31, 2021 was million. The Company s revenues and related cost of sales from chemical sales to Confluence for the year ended December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 19 

63 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Services Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Products Services Total revenue from related parties Gross profit (loss) ) ) Change in fair value of contract consideration convertible notes ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Paid-in-kind interest on contract consideration convertible notes payable Paid-in-kind interest on convertible notes payable Depreciation Additions to long-lived assets 2021 Revenue from external customers Product Service Total revenue from external customers Revenue from related party Product Service Total revenue from related parties Gross profit (loss) ) Loss from operations (1) ) ) ) ) Depreciation Additions to long-lived assets 
 (1) CT loss from operations includes a credit of million from the release of accrued costs relating to the ADM settlement, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies . 

64 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Data Analytics Corporate and Other Total assets 
 The increase in Chemistry Technologies assets is primarily due to contract asset of million 
 Geographic Information 
 Revenue by country is based on the location where services are provided and products are sold. For the year ended December 31, 2022 no individual countries other than the U.S accounted for more than 10 of revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021 no individual countries other than the U.S and United Arab Emirates UAE accounted for more than 10 of revenue. 
 UAE Other countries Total revenue 
 (1) Includes revenue from related parties of and , respectively. 
 Long-lived assets held in countries other than the U.S. are not considered material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 65 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Customer B 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Customer B 
 
 The concentration with ProFrac Services, LLC and in the oil and gas industry increases credit, commodity and business risk . 
 Major Suppliers 
 Supplier B Supplier C 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Supplier C Supplier D 

66 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 20 
 
 payable in four installments and being fully paid by April 2023. As part of the Separation Agreement, Mr. Gibson has agreed to forfeit all of his outstanding options and unvested restricted stock units. In addition, Mr. Gibson has agreed to a -month lock up period with respect to shares of common stock owned by Mr. Gibson, which will prohibit Mr. Gibson from selling those shares during the lock up period. 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the ProFrac Agreement (the Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 between Flotek Chemistry and ProFrac Services, LLC dated February 2, 2022. The Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2 has an effective date of January 1, 2023. Pursuant to the Amended ProFrac Agreement No. 2, the Parties agree (1) to a ramp-up period from January 1, 2023 to May 31, 2023 for ProFrac Services, LLC to increase the number of active fleets to fleets, (2) that the potential liquidated damages payment relating to order shortfall, prior to January 1, 2023 is waived for that period, (3) to add additional fees to certain products, and (4) to provide margin increases based on revenue percentages from non-ProFrac customers. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, the Convertible Notes Payable and certain Contract Consideration Convertible Notes previously issued on February 2, 2022 were converted upon maturity into shares of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase common stock for a nominal exercise price of per share exercisable subject to the limitations on exercise described therein. All of the holders elected to receive shares of common stock upon conversion except for ProFrac Holdings LLC, which elected to receive the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

67 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that control objectives are attained. 
 
 Based upon this evaluation, our interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Interim Chief Executive and the Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because of the material weakness described below. 
 
 Specifically, (i) the Company did not have sufficient resources in place throughout the reporting period with the appropriate training and knowledge of internal controls over financial reporting in order to establish the Company s financial reporting processes to design, implement and operate an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; (ii) the Company did not conduct an adequate continuous risk assessment over financial reporting to identify and analyze risks of financial misstatement due to error and/or fraud and to identify and assess necessary changes in financial reporting processes and internal controls impacted by significant changes in the business and increase in transactions; and (iii) the Company did not have an effective information and communication process that ensured appropriate and accurate information was available to financial reporting personnel on a timely basis in order that they could fulfill their roles and responsibilities. 
 
 Accordingly, the Company did not establish appropriate control activities through policies and procedures to mitigate risk to the achievement of the Company s financial reporting objectives, as follows: 
 
 a. The Company did not design effective controls over the identification and subsequent accounting for modifications to lease agreements; 
 b. The Company did not design effective controls over the accuracy of prepaid asset accounts; 
 c. The Company did not design effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of the related party revenue accrual at period end to ensure all sales were are properly accounted for. 

68 

FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 These control deficiencies resulted in several material and immaterial misstatements that were corrected prior to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company believes that, notwithstanding the material weakness mentioned above, the consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows, and stockholders equity of the Company and its subsidiaries in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as of the dates and for the periods stated therein. 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 
 Remediation Plan and Status 
 
 The Company will implement the following plans of action and will continue to evaluate and adjust remediation actions as needed to ensure the elements of the remediation plan remain appropriate and are sustainable. These elements include: 
 
 Implementing a revised FY2023 financial control risk assessment process based on changes in process that have impacted the Company as well as a regularly recurring assessment process focused on identifying and analyzing risks of financial misstatements due to changes in our business or the nature of transactions; and 
 Enhancing the information and communication processes to ensure the organization communicates information internally in a timely manner, including information regarding objectives, responsibilities and the functioning of internal controls over financial reporting. Changes will include more frequent discussion of significant business transactions and the impact of these transactions on the Company s financial reporting, and improving communication to employees regarding their responsibilities for ensuring that effective internal controls are maintained. 
 
 The Company believes that the actions listed above will provide appropriate remediation of the material weakness; however, the testing of the effectiveness of the controls has not been completed by the Company. Due to the nature of the remediation process and the need for sufficient time after implementation to evaluate and test the design and effectiveness of the controls, no assurance can be given as to the timing for completion of remediation. The material weakness will be fully remediated when the Company concludes that the controls have been operating for sufficient time and independently validated by management. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the items described above, there have been no changes in the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 69 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of year end. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of year end. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of year end. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of year end. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Houston, TX, Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of year end. 

70 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2019, by and between the Company and ADM (portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request, which has been granted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2019) . 
 2.2 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2020, by and between the Company, JP3 Measurement, LLC, the Sellers party thereto, and John A. Cardwell, as Seller Representative) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2020). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flotek Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flotek Industries, Inc. (form of which is incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Proxy Statement filed on April 5, 2022). 
 3.5 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2021). 
 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 27, 2001). 
 4.2 Description of Capital Stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022). 
 4.3 Form of Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 
 4.4 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 
 4.5 10 Convertible PIK Note dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022). 
 4.6 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 
 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated May 18, 2020, between Flotek Industries, Inc. and Matthew R. Thomas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2020) 
 10.2 Employment Agreement dated October 15, 2021, between the Company and Michael Borton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K on October 20, 2021.) 
 10.3 Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, between the Company and John W. Gibson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2020). 
 10.4 Employment Agreement dated October 15, 2021, between the Company and TengBeng Koid (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K on October 20, 2021.) 
 10.5 Employment Agreement between Flotek Industries, Inc. and Ryan Ezell effective as of January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2021) 
 10.6 Flotek Industries, Inc. Employment Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2020) 
 10.7 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under Flotek Industries, Inc. Employment Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2020) 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Flotek Industries, Inc. Employment Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2020) 
 10.9 Separation and Release Agreement, dated July 28, 2020, between the Company and Elizabeth Wilkinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020) 
 10.10 Promissory Note dated April 16, 2020 in favor of PNC Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2020) 
 10.11 Chemical Products Supply Agreement between Flotek Chemistry, LLC and ProFrac Services, LLC, dated February 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 

71 

10.12 Amendment No. 1 to Chemical Products Supply Agreement between Flotek Chemistry, LLC and ProFrac Services, LLC dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022). 
 10.13 Amendment to Supply Agreement between Flotek Chemistry, LLC and Florida Chemical Company, LLC dated February 26, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2020) 
 10.14 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Flotek Industries, Inc. and ProFrac Holdings II, LLC dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022). 
 10.15 Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement Flotek Industries, Inc. and ProFrac Holdings II, LLC dated June 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 
 10.16 Letter Agreement between Flotek Industries, Inc. and North Sound Management, Inc. dated December 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.17 Supply Agreement (Citrus Burst), dated as of February 28, 2019, by and between Florida Chemical Company, LLC and Flotek Chemistry, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 10.18 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2019, by and among the Company and BLR Partners LP and its affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2019) 
 10.19 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of April 1, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Chisholm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2019) 
 10.20 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated effective as of April 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Elizabeth T. Wilkinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2019) 
 10.21 Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and among the Company, John W. Chisholm, Protechnics II, Inc. and Chisholm Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) 
 10.22 Stand-Alone Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Chisholm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) 
 10.23 Restricted Stock Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Chisholm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) 
 10.24 Flotek Industries, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2021). 
 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2019 Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019) 
 10.27 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated October 18, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Chisholm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2019) 
 10.28 Guaranty, dated May 8, 2019, by John W. Chisholm in favor of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2019) 
 10.29 Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 22, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Gibson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019) 
 10.30 Stand-Alone Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Gibson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019) 
 10.31 Stand-Alone Time-Based Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Gibson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019) 
 10.32 Stand-Alone Performance-Based Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2019, by and between the Company and John W. Gibson, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019) 
 10.33 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2022 by and between Flotek Industries, Inc. and ProFrac Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.34 Master Transaction Agreement between Flotek Industries, Inc. and ProFrac Holdings, LLC, dated February 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022). 

72 

10.35 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated February 2, 2022, by and among Flotek Industries, Inc. and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022) 
 10.36 Employment Agreement between Flotek Industries, Inc. and Seham S. Carson effective as of August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2022) 
 10.37 Separation and Release Agreement between Michael E. Borton and Flotek Industries, Inc. dated July 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed of August 11, 2022) 
 10.38 Employment Agreement dated December 19, 2022 between Flotek Industries, Inc. and Bond Clement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022) 
 10.39 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Flotek Industries, Inc. and ProFrac Holdings II, LLC dated June 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed with this Form 10-K. Furnished with this Form 10-K, not filed. Certain identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is not material and is the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. Redacted information is indicated by [ ] Management contracts or compensatory plans or agreements. Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 73 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FLOTEK INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Harsha V. Agadi Harsha V. Agadi Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Date: March 22, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURES TITLE DATE /s/ Harsha V. Agadi 
 Harsha V. Agadi 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 22, 2023 /s/ Bond Clement 
 Bond Clement 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 22, 2023 /s/ David Nierenberg 
 David Nierenberg 
 Chairman of the Board March 22, 2023 /s/ Evan Farber 
 Evan Farber 
 Director March 22, 2023 /s/ Michael Fucci 
 Michael Fucci 
 Director March 22, 2023 /s/ Lisa Mayr 
 Lisa Mayr 
 Director March 22, 2023 /s/ Matt D. Wilks 
 Matt D. Wilks 
 Director March 22, 2023 
 
 74 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211subsdiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Flotek Industries, Inc. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Flotek Chemistry, LLC JP3 Measurement, LLC Oklahoma Limited Liability Company Texas Limited Liability Company Flotek Paymaster, Inc. Texas Corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex231_10kx22-kpmgconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-183617, 333-225865, 333-231749, 333-239244 and 333-264865) on Form S-8 and in the registration statements (Nos. 333-251043, 333-264875, and 333-267916) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Flotek Industries, Inc.. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311_10kx22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Harsha V. Agadi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flotek Industries, Inc. 
 2. To the best of my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. To the best of my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s HARSHA V. AGADI Harsha V. Agadi Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex312_10kx22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Bond Clement, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flotek Industries, Inc. 
 2. To the best of my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. To the best of my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s BOND CLEMENT Bond Clement Chief Financial Officer 
 Date March 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321_10kx22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Flotek Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s HARSHA V. AGADI Harsha V. Agadi Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex322_10kx22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Flotek Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s BOND CLEMENT Bond Clement Chief Financial Officer 
 Date March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ftk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ftk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ftk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ftk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ftk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

