<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_856982_0000856982-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18248044</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>411196</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3757705</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5922571</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2794179</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4870384</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000856982-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224164531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000856982-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000856982
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				870447695
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18592
		FILM NUMBER:		23668136

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 WEST MERIT PARK WAY
		CITY:			SOUTH JORDAN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84095
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8012531600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 WEST MERIT PARKWAY
		CITY:			SOUTH JORDAN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84095

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000856982-23-000011.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 mmsi-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended , or Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. For the transition period from to . Commission File Number MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based upon the closing price of the common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date, was approximately billion. As of February 22, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the following document are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Report: the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 36 Item 2. Properties 36 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 37 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 37 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 38 Item 6. Reserved 39 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 39 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 90 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 90 Item 9B. Other Information 93 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 93 Item 11. Executive Compensation 93 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 93 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 93 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 93 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 93 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 98 SIGNATURES 99 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Unless otherwise indicated in this report, Merit, we, us, our, and similar terms refer to Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements in this report, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements for purposes of these provisions, including any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items, any statements of the plans and objectives of our management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new products or services, any statements regarding the integration, development or commercialization of the business or any assets acquired from other parties, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance, and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, seeks, believes, estimates, potential, forecasts, continue, or other forms of these words or similar words or expressions, or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations or any of the forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results will likely differ, and could differ materially, from those projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on any such forward-looking statements. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Our actual results will likely differ, and may differ materially, from anticipated results. Financial estimates are subject to change and are not intended to be relied upon as predictions of future operating results. All forward-looking statements included in this report are made as of the date hereof and are based on information available to us as of such date. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. If we do update or correct one or more forward-looking statements, investors and others should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Please see Item 1A Risk Factors for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties. DISCLOSURE REGARDING TRADEMARKS This report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are our property or the property of other third parties. Solely for convenience, such trademarks and tradenames sometimes appear without any or symbol. However, failure to include such symbols is not intended to suggest, in any way, that we will not assert our rights or the rights of any applicable licensor, to these trademarks and tradenames. Item 1. Business. Our Company Merit Medical Systems, Inc. is a leading manufacturer and marketer of proprietary medical devices used in interventional, diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, particularly in cardiology, radiology, oncology, critical care and endoscopy. We strive to be the most customer-focused company in healthcare. Each day we are determined to make a difference by understanding our customers needs and innovating and delivering a diverse range of products that improve the lives of people and communities throughout the world. We believe that long-term value is created for our customers, employees, shareholders, and communities when we focus outward and are determined to deliver an exceptional customer experience. Merit Medical Systems, Inc. was founded in 1987 by Fred P. Lampropoulos, Kent W. Stanger, Darla Gill and William Padilla. Initially we focused our operations on injection and insert molding of plastics. Our first product was a specialized control syringe used to inject contrast solution into a patient s arteries for a diagnostic cardiac procedure called an 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 angiogram. Since that time, our products and product lines have expanded substantially, both through internal research and development projects and through strategic acquisitions. Business Strategy Our business strategy focuses on five target areas as follows: enhancing global growth and profitability through research and development, sales model optimization, cost discipline and operational focus; optimizing our operational capability through lean processes, cost effective environments and asset utilization; targeting high-growth, high-return opportunities by understanding, innovating and delivering in our core divisions; maintaining a highly disciplined, customer-focused enterprise guided by strong core values to globally address unmet or underserved healthcare needs; and creating sustainability of our business for our employees, shareholders and community. 
 We conduct our operations through a number of domestic and foreign subsidiaries and representative offices. Our principal offices are located at 1600 West Merit Parkway, South Jordan, Utah, 84095, and our telephone number is (801) 253-1600. We maintain an internet website at www.merit.com. COVID-19 During the last three years, COVID-19 has had an unsteady but significant impact on our business, suppliers, customers, employees, families and communities. Measures designed to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, border closures, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business limitations and shutdowns continued during portions of the year ended December 31, 2022. In efforts to contain the spread of the virus, many of our hospital customers prioritized their efforts on their COVID-19 response, diverting their focus and resources away from their normal operations and restricting access to their sites. In 2022, these restrictions were generally reduced, and we were able to achieve the highest annual revenue in the history of the Company. However, lingering effects continue, including unpredictable freight and other logistical expenses and obstacles, and the responses of government authorities and our customers vary from region to region. Please refer to the discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with COVID-19 under the heading The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing implications have negatively impacted our business and operations around the world and may continue to materially and adversely impact our business, operations and financial results . set forth below in Item 1A Risk Factors. Products We design, develop, market and manufacture, through our own operations and contract manufacturers, medical products that offer a high level of quality, value and safety to our customers, as well as the patients they serve. Our products are used in the following clinical areas: radiology; diagnostic and interventional cardiology; interventional radiology; neurointerventional radiology; vascular, general and thoracic surgery; electrophysiology; cardiac rhythm management; interventional pulmonology; interventional nephrology; orthopedic spine surgery; interventional oncology; pain management; breast cancer surgery, outpatient access centers; intensive care; computed tomography; ultrasound; and interventional gastroenterology. The success of our products is enhanced by the extensive experience of our management team in the healthcare industry, our experienced direct sales force and distributors, our ability to provide custom procedural solutions such as kits, trays 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 and procedural packs at the request of our customers, and our dedication to offering facility-unique solutions in the markets we serve worldwide. We conduct our business through two operating segments: cardiovascular (which includes peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, and original equipment manufacturer OEM )) and endoscopy. For information relating to our operating segments and product categories, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report and Management s Discussion and Analysis set forth in Item 7 of this report. The following sections describe our principal product offerings by reporting segment and product category. Cardiovascular We offer a broad line of medical devices used to gain and maintain vascular access. These products include our micropuncture kits, angiographic needles, our family of Prelude Introducer Sheaths and a wide range of guide wires and safety products. Our cardiovascular segment includes the following product categories: peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, and OEM. Peripheral Intervention Our peripheral intervention products support the minimally invasive diagnosis and treatment of diseases in peripheral vessels and organs throughout the body, excluding the heart. Products in our peripheral intervention product category are organized into the following product groups: peripheral intervention, spine, and oncology. Merit Vascular Peripheral Our peripheral intervention products include product offerings in the following product portfolios: access (peripheral), angiography, drainage, delivery systems, embolotherapy, and intervention (peripheral). The principal product offerings in our access (peripheral) portfolio include our: HeRO (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow) Graft, a fully subcutaneous vascular access system, which is intended for use in maintaining long-term vascular access for chronic hemodialysis patients; CentrosFLO Long-Term Hemodialysis Catheter and ProGuide Chronic Dialysis Catheter; Broad offering of peritoneal dialysis catheters, accessories and implantation kits for home dialysis therapy; and Merit Wrapsody Endoprosthesis, a cell-impermeable endoprosthesis which is designed to maintain long-term vessel patency in patients with obstructions in the dialysis outflow circuit (this device is not currently available for use in the United States). The products in our angiography portfolio are used to identify blockages and other disease states in the blood vessel. The principal product offerings in our angiography portfolio include our: Extensive line of Merit Laureate Hydrophilic Guide Wires, a smooth-surface guide wire designed to minimize friction and promote rapid catheter exchanges; Our newest offering of Merit SplashWire hydrophilic Steerable Guide Wires, combining optimum lubricity, exceptional torque response and enhanced visibility; Performa and Impress Diagnostic Catheters, a catheter offering designed for traversing difficult to access peripheral blood vessels; and Performa Vessel Sizing Catheters for vessel measurement. 
 We offer a broad line of drainage products. The principal product offerings in our drainage portfolio include our: Aspira Pleural Effusion Drainage and Aspira Peritoneal Drainage Systems, a compassionate treatment option for end-stage cancer, allowing patients to spend more time at home by reducing the need for frequent hospital visits to treat their drainage needs; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Family of ReSolve Drainage Catheters, including our ReSolve ConvertX Stent System and ReSolve Mini Locking Drainage Catheter, and our related tubing sets and drainage bag; One-Step and Valved One-Step Drainage Catheters, sold individually and in kits, for quickly removing unwanted fluid accumulation; and Revolution Catheter Securement Device and StayFIX Fixation Device, used to stop migration, movement and accidental removal of percutaneous catheters. The principal product offerings in our delivery systems portfolio include our: SwiftNINJA Steerable Microcatheter, an advanced microcatheter with a 180-degree articulating tip, sold through our exclusive worldwide distribution agreement (excluding Japan) with SB-Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc.; Merit Maestro and Merit Pursue Microcatheters, small microcatheters designed for pushability and trackability through small and tortuous vessels; and True Form Reshapable Guide Wire, designed to be reshaped multiple times, reducing the need for multiple guide wires. Our embolotherapy products treat disease by blocking or slowing the flow of blood into the arteries or delivering chemotherapy drugs in the treatment of primary and metastatic liver cancer. The principal product offerings in our embolotherapy portfolio include our: Embosphere Microspheres, a highly studied, round embolic for consistent and predictable results; and HepaSphere Microspheres, soft embolics with a consistent cross-sectional diameter for predictable, flow-directed targeting. The products in our intervention (peripheral) portfolio are chiefly used to remove blood clots, retrieve foreign bodies in blood vessels and assist with placing balloons and stents to treat arterial disease. The principal product offerings in our intervention (peripheral) portfolio include our: ClariVein Specialty Infusion Catheter which is designed for controlled 360-degree dispersion of physician specified agents to the peripheral vasculature; Dynamis AV PTA Dilatation Catheter, a line of balloon catheters that facilitates the opening of blockages located in the arteriovenous system of dialysis patients; Q50X , Q50 and Q50 Plus Stent Graft Balloon Catheters, a line of catheters that treat abdominal and thoracic endovascular aortic repair procedures and reinterventions; Fountain Infusion System and Mistique Infusion Catheters, a line of catheters that treat arterial and hemodialysis graft occlusions and deep vein thrombosis; and EN Snare and One Snare Endovascular Snare Systems, a complete line of snares designed to manipulate, capture and retrieve foreign material in the body. Merit Spine Our spine products are used in the treatment of vertebral compression fractures and metastatic spinal tumors and in musculoskeletal biopsy procedures. Our spine product line includes the following product portfolios: vertebral augmentation, radiofrequency ablation, and bone biopsy systems. Our primary product offerings in the vertebral augmentation and radiofrequency ablation portfolios include our: STAR Tumor Ablation System, designed to provide palliative treatment of painful metastatic spinal tumors in cancer patients by targeted radiofrequency ablation; Arcadia Steerable and straight balloons, designed to achieve controlled, precise, targeted cavity creation in vertebral augmentation procedures; and StabiliT MX Vertebral Augmentation System, which uses our inflation devices to deliver bone cement. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 The bone biopsy systems portfolio contains a full offering of manual bone biopsy products, including our Madison , Huntington , Kensington , Preston and Westbrook biopsy products. Merit Oncology Our oncology products are dedicated to the accurate diagnosis and localization of breast and soft tissue tumors and the innovative treatment of early-stage breast cancer. We also offer an extensive line of soft tissue biopsy products and accessories. Our primary product offerings in our oncology portfolio include our: SCOUT Radar Localization System, a nonradioactive, wire-free tumor localization system that facilitates successful surgical removal of marked lesions and lymph nodes, improving workflow and the patient experience; CorVocet Biopsy System, one of our innovative soft tissue core needle biopsy and accessory products, designed to cut a full core of tissue and provide large specimens for pathological examination; Achieve , Temno and Tru-Cut Soft Tissue Biopsy Devices; and SAVI Brachytherapy, a precise, targeted approach to accelerated partial breast irradiation with lower toxicities and reduced treatment duration. Cardiac Intervention We manufacture and sell a variety of products designed to treat various heart conditions. Products in our cardiac intervention product category are organized into the following product portfolios: access (cardiac), angiography, electrophysiology and CRM, fluid management, hemodynamic monitoring, hemostasis, and intervention (cardiac). Merit Vascular Cardiac The principal product offerings in our access portfolio (cardiac) include our family of Prelude Introducer Sheaths, for both radial and femoral access, featuring our Prelude IDeal Hydrophilic Sheath Introducer, an ultra-thin wall introducer sheath that provides more room for the insertion of catheters and other devices in the radial artery. The principal product offerings in our angiography portfolio include our InQwire Guide Wires and Performa Diagnostic and Ultimate catheters for femoral and radial procedures. Electrophysiology is the study of diagnosing and treating abnormal electrical activities of the heart. Cardiac rhythm management CRM is the field of cardiac disease therapy that relates to the diagnosis and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias or the improper beating of the heart. The principal product offerings in our electrophysiology and CRM portfolio include our: Worley Advanced LV Delivery System, used to aid in the insertion and implantation of left ventricular pacing leads; HeartSpan Transseptal Needle, for left-heart access procedures; and HeartSpan Steerable and Fixed Curve Sheath Introducer, featuring a neutral position indicator and tactile click to help physicians identify curve orientation with an expanded product line that includes fixed curve shapes. The product offerings in our fluid management portfolio include manifolds, control syringes and tubing. The principal product offerings in our hemostasis portfolio include our Prelude SYNC EVO and PreludeSYNC Distal Radial Compression devices, designed to reduce and stop blood flow after radial access procedures, and the SafeGuard Pressure Assisted Device which provides hemostasis after femoral procedures. The principal product offerings in our intervention (cardiac) portfolio include a full line of inflation devices and hemostasis valves, including the BasixCompak , basixTOUCH , Blue Diamond and DiamondTouch inflation devices and the PhD Hemostasis Valve, the latest addition to our hemostasis valve portfolio. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Custom Procedural Solutions Our custom procedural solutions product category is comprised of standard and custom kit and pack solutions that include items needed for peripheral procedures, safety and waste management products, and hemostasis accessories. Our kit and pack solutions can optimize efficiency and reduce cost and waste. The principal product offerings in this product category include: Critical care products; Dual Cap Disinfection Protection System and Medallion syringes; Manifold Kits; and Trays and Packs. OEM We provide coating services for medical tubes and wires under OEM brands in addition to many of the products identified above. We offer coated tubes and wires to customers on a spool or as further manufactured components including guide wire components, coated mandrels/stylets and coated needles. We also manufacture and sell sensor components for microelectromechanical systems. These components consist of piezoresistive pressure sensors in various forms, including bare silicon die, die mounted on ceramic substrates, and fully calibrated components for numerous applications both inside and outside the healthcare industry. Endoscopy The products in our endoscopy operating segment, Merit Medical Endotek , are organized in two product portfolios: gastroenterology and pulmonary. Our gastroenterology products include a complete range of innovative, gastrointestinal solutions. Our primary product offerings in our gastroenterology portfolio include our: Alimaxx-ES and EndoMAXX Fully Covered Esophageal Stents, for maintaining esophageal luminal patency in certain esophageal strictures; BIG60 Inflation Device, a 60-mL syringe and gauge designed to inflate and deflate non-vascular balloon dilators while monitoring and displaying inflation pressures up to 12 atmospheres; and Elation Fixed Wire, Wire Guided and new 5-stage Balloon Dilators, intended for use in the alimentary tract. Our pulmonary products consist of laser-cut tracheobronchial stents, advanced over-the-wire and direct visualization delivery systems and dilation balloons to endoscopically dilate strictures. Our primary product offerings in our pulmonary portfolio include our: AERO , AEROmini and AERO DV Fully Covered Tracheobronchial Stents, for the treatment of tracheobronchial strictures produced by malignant neoplasms; and Elation Pulmonary Balloon Dilator, for the dilation of strictures of the trachea and bronchi. We also offer a variety of kits and accessories for endoscopy and bronchoscopy procedures. Marketing and Sales Target Market/Industry. Our principal target markets are peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, interventional oncology, critical care and endoscopy. Within these markets our products are used in the following clinical areas: diagnostic and interventional cardiology; interventional radiology; neurointerventional radiology; vascular, general and 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 thoracic surgery; electrophysiology; cardiac rhythm management; interventional pulmonology; interventional nephrology; orthopedic spine surgery; interventional oncology; pain management; breast cancer surgery; outpatient access centers; intensive care; computed tomography; ultrasound; and interventional gastroenterology. According to statistics published by the National Center for Health Statistics, cardiovascular disease continues to be a leading cause of death and a significant health problem in the U.S. Treatment options range from dietary changes to surgery, depending on the nature of the specific disease or disorder. Endovascular techniques, including angioplasty, stenting and endoluminal stent grafts, continue to represent important therapeutic options for the treatment of vascular disease. Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women and is the second leading cause of cancer death among women. We derive a large percentage of our revenues from sales of products used during percutaneous diagnostic and interventional procedures such as angiography, angioplasty and stent placement, and we intend to pursue additional sales growth by building on our existing market position in both core technology and accessory products. Marketing Strategy. Traditionally, as part of our product sales and marketing efforts, we attend major medical conventions throughout the world pertaining to our target markets and invest in market development including physician training, peer-to-peer education, and patient outreach. Due to the various restrictions imposed in response to COVID-19, during 2020 and 2021 most medical conventions in which we participated were virtual meetings; however, many of the groups hosting those conventions resumed in-person meetings during 2022. Additionally, we are building out digital and direct-to-customer programs to increase awareness of our products, and we work closely with major healthcare facilities and physicians involving our primary target markets in the areas of training, therapy awareness programs, clinical studies and ongoing product research and development. In general, our target markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances and scientific discoveries. We plan to continue to develop and launch innovative products to support clinical trends and to address the increasing demands of these markets. Product Development Strategy. Our product development is focused on identifying and introducing a regular flow of profitable products that meet customer needs. To stay abreast of customer needs, we work closely with health care professionals working in the fields of medicine in which we offer or develop products. Suggestions for new products and product improvements may also come from engineers, marketing and sales personnel, physicians and technicians who perform clinical procedures. When we believe that a product suggestion demonstrates a sustainable competitive advantage, meets customer needs, fits strategically and technologically with our business and has a good potential financial return, we generally assemble a project team comprised of individuals from our sales, marketing, engineering, manufacturing, legal and quality assurance departments. This team works to identify the customer requirements, develop the design, compile necessary documentation and testing, and prepare the product for market introduction. We believe that one of our competitive strengths is our capacity to rapidly conceive, design, develop and introduce new products that meet customer needs. U.S. and International Sales. Sales of our products in the U.S. accounted for 57 of our net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the U.S., we have dedicated, direct sales organizations primarily focused on selling to end-user physicians, hospitals and alternate site facilities (e.g., office-based labs), major buying groups and integrated healthcare networks. Internationally, we employ sales representatives and contract with independent dealer organizations and custom procedure tray manufacturers to distribute our products worldwide, including territories in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Oceania, Central and South America, Mexico and Canada. In 2022, our international sales grew 7.4 over our 2021 international sales and accounted for 43 of our net sales. Our largest non-U.S. market is China, which represented 13 of our net sales in 2022 and reported net sales of 149.3 million, 138.2 million, and 113.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We maintain a distribution center and administrative office in Beijing. We sell our products through more than 500 distributors in mainland China, who are responsible for reselling our products, primarily to hospitals. We use the modified direct sales approach in China, employing sales personnel throughout China who work with our distributors to promote the clinical advantages of our products to clinicians and other decision makers at hospitals. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Beginning in 2020, we experienced a significant disruption of our business throughout the world as a result of COVID-19, and t his disruption continued through 2021 and 2022. We are unable to calculate the full impact of COVID-19 on our business, and we are unable to predict whether we will continue to be affected by it, but we experienced a material adverse impact on our global operations and financial condition during 2020. In 2021, we saw growth in global sales compared to 2020 as the demand for our products increased when many of the medical procedures delayed from 2020 were performed and the restrictions put in place in response to the pandemic were generally reduced. That trend continued during 2022, and we were able to achieve the highest annual revenue in the history of the Company. For further discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with COVID-19, please refer to disclosure under the heading The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing implications have negatively impacted our business and operations around the world and may continue to materially and adversely impact our business, operations and financial results . set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA), we have both direct and modified direct sales operations. Such sales operations are active throughout the region, including the largest markets in Western, Southern, Central and Eastern Europe and the emerging markets within EMEA. Our direct sales personnel are principally engaged in each of our divisions. Marketing teams responsible for each division operate clinical education programs, often directed by leading subject matter personnel, who provide technical instruction on techniques and therapies to physicians, nurses and technologists. We are currently conducting education programs specific to radial access, spinal intervention, surgical grafts, wire-free tumor localization, electrophysiology, endoscopy, dialysis and embolism. We require our international dealers to store products and sell directly to customers within defined sales territories. Each of our products must be approved for sale under the laws of the country in which it is sold. International dealers are responsible for compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as all applicable laws and regulations in their respective countries. We consider training to be a critical factor in the success of our sales force. Members of our sales force are trained by our clinical marketers, our staff professionals, consulting physicians, and senior field trainers in their respective territories. OEM Sales. Our global OEM Division sells components and finished devices, including molded components, sub-assembled goods, custom kits and bulk non-sterile goods, to medical device manufacturers. These products may be combined with other components and products from other companies and sold under a Merit or customer label. Products sold by our OEM Division can be customized and enhanced to customer specifications, including packaging, labeling and a variety of physical modifications. Our OEM Division serves customers with a staff of regional sales representatives based in the U.S., Europe and Asia, and a dedicated OEM Engineering and Customer Service Group. Customers We provide products to hospitals and alternate site-based physicians, technicians and nurses. Hospitals and acute care facilities in the U.S. purchase our products through our direct sales force, distributors, OEM partners, or custom procedure tray manufacturers who assemble and combine our products in custom kits and packs. Outside the U.S., hospitals and acute care facilities generally purchase our products through our direct sales force, or, in the absence of a sales force, through independent distributors or OEM partners. Research and Development Our research and development operations have been central to our historical growth, and we believe they will be critical to our continued growth. In recent years, our commitment to innovation led to the introduction of several new products, improvements to our existing products and expansion of our product lines, as well as enhancements and new equipment in our research and development facilities. We continue to develop new products and make improvements to our existing products utilizing many different sources. In 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President of Global Research Development worked closely 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 with our sales and marketing teams to incorporate feedback from physicians and clinicians in the field, which contributed to innovative new products and improvements to our existing products. In 2022, we completed projects that resulted in the newest additions to our product lineup: Prelude Roadster , Sync EZ , Safeguard Focus Cool , and Scout BX . Currently, we have research and development facilities in California, Texas, Utah, Ireland, France, and Singapore. Manufacturing We manufacture many of our products using our proprietary technology and our expertise in plastic injection and insert molding. We generally contract with third parties for the tooling of our molds, but we design and own most of our molds. We have also received various International Standards Organization ISO certifications for many of our facilities; for further details, please refer to Item 1. Business - Sustainability below. Merit Sensor Systems, Inc. Merit Sensors develops and markets silicon pressure sensors to a range of enterprises and presently supplies the sensors we use in our digital inflation devices and blood pressure sensors. Given the specialization of our manufacturing personnel and processes in our Utah and Ireland facilities, we possess the capability to strategically shift the manufacture of more technologically advanced products to those facilities and use the manufacturing capacity of our other facilities for more commoditized products. The actual determination of manufacturing location will be based upon multiple factors, including technological capabilities, market demand, acquisition and integration activities and economic and competitive conditions. We currently produce and package all of our embolic products. Manufacturing of our embolic products includes the synthesis and processing of raw materials and third-party manufactured compounds. We have packaging and manufacturing facilities located in Texas, Virginia, Utah, Mexico, Brazil, Ireland, France, The Netherlands, and Singapore. See Item 2. Properties. We ship our products through distribution centers located in Virginia, Utah, Canada, Brazil, The Netherlands, United Kingdom UK ), South Africa, South Korea, India, New Zealand, Japan, China and Australia. Competition The medical products industry is highly competitive. Many of our competitors are much larger than us and have access to greater resources. We also compete with smaller companies that sell single or limited numbers of products in specific product lines or geographies. We compete globally in several market areas, including radiology; diagnostic and interventional cardiology; interventional radiology; neurointerventional radiology; vascular, general and thoracic surgery; electrophysiology; cardiac rhythm management; interventional pulmonology; interventional nephrology; orthopedic spine surgery; interventional oncology; pain management; outpatient access centers; intensive care; computed tomography; ultrasound; and interventional gastroenterology. The principal competitive factors in the markets in which our products are sold are quality, price, product features, customer service, breadth of line, and customer relationships. We believe our products are attractive to customers due to their innovative design, the quality of materials and workmanship, clinical performance, and our strong focus on customer needs, and our prompt attention to customer requests. Some of our primary competitive strengths are our relative stability in the marketplace; comprehensive, broad line of ancillary products; manufacturing integration to secure our supply chain; and strong cadence of new products and product line extensions that enhance our portfolio. Our primary competitors in our peripheral intervention market are Teleflex Incorporated Teleflex ), Cook Medical Incorporated Cook Medical ), Medtronic plc Medtronic ), Boston Scientific Corporation Boston Scientific ), and Becton, Dickinson and Company BD ). Our primary competitors in our cardiac intervention market are BD, Teleflex, Medtronic, Abbott Laboratories, Terumo Corporation, Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, Cook Medical, and Boston Scientific. Our primary competitors in our spine market are Medtronic, Stryker Corporation, and Johnson Johnson. Our 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 primary competitors in our oncology market are BD, Hologic, Inc., Argon Medical Devices, Inc. and Cook Medical. Our primary competitors in our endoscopy market are Getinge AB, Boston Scientific, Cook Medical, and Olympus Corporation. Based on available industry data, with respect to the number of procedures performed, we believe we are a leading provider of digital inflation technology in the world. In addition, we believe we are one of the market leaders in the U.S. for analog inflation devices. We believe we are a market leader in the U.S. for control syringes, radar localization, waste-disposal systems, embolic beads, tubing and manifolds. Although we believe our recent and planned additions to these product lines will help us compete even more effectively in both the U.S. and international markets, we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing competitive advantages or compete successfully in the future. Sources and Availability of Raw Materials Raw materials essential to our business are generally purchased worldwide and are normally available in quantities adequate to meet the needs of our business. Where there are exceptions, the temporary unavailability of those raw materials has not historically had a material adverse effect on our financial results; however, fluctuations and uncertainties in supply chain, transportation logistics, and freight expenses that we have experienced during the past several years have challenged our operating capabilities and could result in disruptions in our operations and materially impact our financial results. For further discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with recent disruptions in supply chain and logistics, please refer to disclosure under the heading Termination or interruption of our supply relationships and increases in labor costs and the prices of our component parts, finished products, third-party services and raw materials, particularly petroleum-based products, is negatively impacting our business and could have a further adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors. Proprietary Rights and Litigation We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property. We have a number of U.S. and foreign-issued patents and pending patent applications, including rights to patents and patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and, for the U.S., is typically 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 1,600 U.S. and international patents and patent applications. Additionally, we hold exclusive and non-exclusive licenses to a variety of third-party technologies covered by patents and patent applications. In the aggregate, our intellectual property assets are critical to our business, but no single patent, trademark or other intellectual property asset is of material importance to our business. The Merit name and logo are trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. In addition to the Merit name and logo, we have used, registered or applied for registration of other specific trademarks and service marks to help distinguish our products, technologies and services from those of our competitors in the U.S. and foreign countries. See Item 1. Business - Products above. The duration of our trademark registrations varies from country to country; in the U.S. we can generally maintain our trademark rights and renew any trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 650 U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and trademark applications. There is substantial litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. At any given time, we may be involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant, as well as a counter-claimant or counter-defendant, in patent, trademark, and other intellectual property infringement actions. If a court rules against us in any intellectual property litigation we could be subject to significant liabilities, be forced to seek licenses from third parties, or be prevented from marketing certain products. In addition, intellectual property litigation is costly and may consume significant time of employees and management. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation Corporate Integrity Agreement . In October 2020, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement CIA with the Office of Inspector General OIG ), a five-year agreement that was a condition of our settlement with the United States Department of Justice DOJ ). The CIA subjects us to certain compliance, monitoring, reporting, certification, oversight and training obligations. The CIA requires, among other matters, that we (i) maintain a compliance officer, a compliance committee, board review and oversight of certain federal healthcare compliance matters and compliance and disclosure programs; (ii) establish compliance policies and procedures to meet the requirements of all federal health care programs and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ; (iii) provide management certifications and compliance training and education; (iv) engage an independent review organization to conduct a thorough review of our systems, policies, processes and procedures related to promotional materials, product evaluations, consulting agreements, trainings provided to healthcare professionals, sponsorships, grants and charitable contributions; (v) implement a risk assessment and internal review process; (vi) establish a disclosure program for whistleblowers; (vii) increase oversight of the interactions between our sales personnel and healthcare providers; and (viii) report or disclose certain events and physician payments. We recently completed our second reporting period under the CIA and continue to implement compliance program enhancements. Our failure to comply with our obligations under the CIA could result in monetary penalties and our exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. The foregoing description of the CIA is qualified in its entirety by the full terms of the CIA, which is attached as Exhibit 10.44 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Regulatory Approvals . Our products and operations are global and are subject to regulations by the FDA and various other federal and state agencies, as well as by foreign governmental agencies. These agencies enforce laws and regulations that control the design, development, testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising, marketing, distribution, and post-market surveillance of our medical products. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and other foreign governmental agencies can be lengthy and the requirements may differ. In particular, in May 2017, the EU adopted Regulation (EU) 2017/745 MDR ), which replaced Council Directive 93/92/EEC MDD as of May 26, 2021. Under transitional provisions, medical devices with notified body certificates issued under MDD prior to May 26, 2021 may continue to be placed on the market for the remaining validity of the certificate or until May 26, 2024, whichever is first. After the expiry of any applicable transitional period, only devices that have been CE marked under MDR may be placed on the market in the EU. On January 6, 2023, the EU Commission proposed a draft amendment to the MDR which would extend the transitional period, thus allowing for additional time to transition to the new requirements of the MDR. At time of publication, the amendment had not been through the entire legislative process, leaving some uncertainty as to whether or not it would be approved. We are preparing to comply with these new regulations under the MDR before the transitional period expires. However, there will be products that we will instead choose to discontinue or postpone introduction in the EU. This decision will depend on a number of factors, including changing business strategies, timing and cost of obtaining MDR certification, availability of necessary data and the capacity of notified bodies. MDR includes increasingly stringent requirements in multiple areas, such as pre-market clinical evidence, review of high-risk devices, labeling and post-market surveillance. Under MDR, pre-market clinical data will now be required to obtain CE Mark approval for high-risk, new and modified medical devices. U.S. and global counter-part regulatory approval processes for medical devices are expensive, uncertain and lengthy. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for any product on a timely basis or at all. Delays in receiving of or failure to receive such approvals, the loss of previously received approvals, or the failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 In May 2020, we received the CE mark for the Merit Wrapsody Cell-Impermeable Endoprosthesis, and we are pursuing regulatory approval in the U.S. and elsewhere. We are conducting a large, multinational pivotal human clinical trial of the Wrapsody Endoprosthesis, which is required for us to obtain approval from the FDA and some international regulatory agencies. Human clinical trials of a medical device are often required for regulatory clearance or approval for devices and are expensive, time-consuming and uncertain. Quality System Requirements. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA and its counterpart non-U.S. laws require us to comply with quality system regulations QSR pertaining to all aspects of our product design and manufacturing processes, including requirements for packaging, labeling, record keeping, personnel training, supplier controls, design controls, complaint handling, corrective and preventive actions and internal quality system auditing. The FDA and foreign regulators enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of medical device manufacturers. These requirements are complex, technical and require substantial resources to remain compliant. Our failure or the failure of our suppliers to maintain compliance with these requirements could result in the shutdown of our manufacturing operations or the recall of our products, or could restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals or certificates from the FDA that are necessary for export of our products to foreign countries. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business. If one of our suppliers fails to maintain compliance with our quality requirements, we may have to qualify a new supplier and could experience manufacturing delays as a result. We also could be subject to injunctions, product seizures, or civil or criminal penalties. Labeling and Promotion . Our labeling and promotional activities are also subject to scrutiny by the FDA and foreign regulators. Labeling includes not only the label on a device, but also includes any descriptive or informational literature that accompanies or is used to promote the device. Among other things, labeling violates the law if it is false or misleading in any respect or it fails to contain adequate directions for use. Moreover, product claims that are outside the approved or cleared labeling violate the FDCA and other applicable laws. If the FDA determines that our promotional materials constitute promotion of an uncleared or unapproved use, or otherwise violate the FDCA, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a notice of violation, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fines or criminal penalties. Allegations of off-label promotion can also result in enforcement action by federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities and trigger significant civil or criminal penalties, including exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and liability under the False Claims Act, discussed further below. Our product promotion is also subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), which has primary oversight of the advertising of unrestricted devices, including FDA-cleared devices. The Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, as well as unfair or deceptive practices such as the dissemination of any false or misleading advertisement pertaining to medical devices. FTC enforcement can result in orders requiring, among other things, limits on advertising, corrective advertising, consumer redress, rescission of contracts and such other relief as the FTC may deem necessary. In addition, under the federal Lanham Act and similar state laws, competitors and others can initiate litigation relating to advertising claims. Import Requirements. To import a medical device into the U.S., the importer must file an entry notice and bond with the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border Protection CBP ). All devices are subject to FDA examination before release from the CBP. Any article that appears to be in violation of the FDCA may be refused admission and a notice of detention and hearing may be issued. If the FDA ultimately refuses admission, the CBP may issue a notice for redelivery and assess liquidated damages for up to three times the value of the lot. Additionally, the laws of the U.S. require imported articles to have their labels accurately marked with the appropriate country of origin, the violation of which may result in confiscation, fines and penalties. Export Requirements. Products for export are subject to foreign countries import requirements and the exporting requirements of the exporting countries regulating bodies, as applicable. International sales of medical devices manufactured in the U.S. that are not approved or cleared by the FDA for use in the U.S., or are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements and we may not be able to export such products. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign countries often require, among other things, an FDA certificate for products for export, also called a Certificate to Foreign Government. To obtain this certificate from the FDA, the device manufacturer must apply to the FDA. The FDA certifies that the product has been granted clearance or approval in the U.S. and that the manufacturing facilities were in compliance with the QSR at the time of the last FDA inspection. Additionally, the export of our products is subject to restrictions due to trade and economic sanctions imposed by the U.S., the EU and other governments and organizations. The U.S. Departments of Justice, Commerce, State and Treasury and other federal agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals for violations of economic sanctions laws, export control laws, and other federal statutes and regulations, including those established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). Under these laws and regulations, as well as other export control laws, customs laws, sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations, various government agencies may require export licenses and may seek to impose modifications to business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned persons or entities. With the U.S. and other countries exploring export sanctions in response to military exercises and escalating tensions in certain parts of the world, any such export restrictions may affect the company s business in certain regions of the world. Additional Post-Market Requirements. As a medical device manufacturer, we are subject to other post-market requirements in multiple jurisdictions, including (i) product listing, (ii) establishment registration, (iii) Unique Device Identification UDI ), and (iv) reports of corrections and removals. We are also subject to regulations that require manufacturers to report to the FDA, or an equivalent foreign regulatory body, any incident in which their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device were to recur. Our obligation to report a complaint is triggered on the date on which we become aware of an adverse event and the nature of the event. The FDA also regularly inspects companies to determine compliance with the QSRs and other post-market requirements. Please refer to our discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with these post-market requirements under the heading Our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events that we are required to report to the FDA or other governmental authorities, and if we fail to do so, we may be subject to sanctions that may materially harm our business. set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors. Reimbursement. Our products are generally used in medical procedures that are covered and reimbursed by governmental payers, such as Medicare, and/or private health plans. In general, these third-party payers cover a medical device and/or related procedure in which the device is used only when the payer determines that healthcare outcomes are supported by medical evidence and the device and procedure is medically necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of the patient s illness or injury. Even if a device has received clearance or approval for marketing by the FDA or, for uses outside of the U.S., a similar foreign regulatory agency, there is no certainty that third-party payers will cover and reimburse for the cost of the device and/or related procedures involving the use of the device. Because of increasing cost-containment pressures, some private payers in the U.S. and government payers in foreign countries may also condition payment on the cost-effectiveness of the device and/or procedure. Even if coverage is available, third-party payers may place restrictions on the circumstances in which they provide coverage or may offer reimbursement that is not sufficient to cover the cost of our products. If healthcare providers such as hospitals and physicians cannot obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products or the procedures in which they are used, this may affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could suffer a material adverse impact. Anti-Corruption Laws. Our international operations are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act and other foreign anti-corruption laws. The FCPA prohibits offering, paying, or promising to pay anything of value to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or maintaining an improper business advantage. The FCPA also requires that we maintain fair and accurate books and records and devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. In certain countries, the individuals and entities that we regularly interact with may meet the definition of a foreign government official for purposes of the FCPA. As part of our compliance program, we train our U.S. and international employees, and we also train and monitor foreign third parties with whom we contract (e.g., distributors), to comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws. Failing to comply with the FCPA or any other anti-corruption law could result in fines, penalties or other adverse consequences. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 As we expand our international operations, we continue to increase the scope of our compliance programs to match the risks relating to the potential for violations of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws. Our compliance program includes (i) policies addressing not only the FCPA, but also the provisions of a variety of anti-corruption laws in multiple foreign jurisdictions, (ii) provisions relating to books and records that apply to us as a public company, and (iii) effective training for our personnel and relevant third parties. Transparency Laws. The U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act, and similar state laws, include annual reporting and disclosure requirements for device manufacturers aimed at increasing the transparency of the interactions between device manufacturers and healthcare providers. Reports submitted under these requirements are placed in a public database. Several other jurisdictions outside the U.S. have also adopted or begun adopting similar transparency laws. In addition to the burden of establishing processes for compliance, if we fail to provide these reports, or if the reports we provide are not accurate, we could be subject to significant penalties. Anti-Kickback Statutes. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons and entities from, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce the purchase, order, lease, or recommendation of a good or service for which payment may be made in whole or part under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid, unless the arrangement fits within one of several statutory exemptions or regulatory safe harbors. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including, for example, gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, credit arrangements, payments of cash and waivers of payments. Violations can result in significant penalties, imprisonment and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. Exclusion of a manufacturer would preclude any federal healthcare program from paying for the manufacturer s products. Under the Affordable Care Act, a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute is deemed to be a violation of the False Claims Act, which is discussed in more detail below. A party s failure to fully satisfy the obligations of a regulatory safe harbor provision may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities. In addition to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, many states have their own anti-kickback laws. Often, these laws closely follow the language of the federal law, although they do not always have the same exceptions or safe harbors. In some states, these anti-kickback laws apply with respect to all payers, including commercial health insurance companies. Government officials continue their vigorous enforcement efforts on the sales and marketing activities of pharmaceutical, medical device and other healthcare companies, including the pursuit of cases against individuals or entities that allegedly offered unlawful inducements to potential or existing customers to procure their business. Settlements of these government cases have involved significant fines and penalties and, in some instances, criminal proceedings. False Claims Laws. The False Claims Acts prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a claim paid. The Civil False Claims Act can be violated without actual knowledge and only requires reckless disregard or deliberate ignorance, while the Criminal False Claims Act requires a higher knowledge standard of actual knowledge and intent to violate. Manufacturers can be held liable under the False Claims Acts, even if they do not submit claims to the government, if they are found to have caused the submission of false claims (e.g., by third parties such as healthcare providers). The Civil False Claims Act also includes whistleblower provisions that allow private citizens to bring suit against an entity or individual on behalf of the U.S. and to recover a portion of any monetary recovery. Many of the recent, highly publicized settlements in the healthcare industry relating to sales and marketing practices have been cases brought under the Civil False Claims Act. Most states also have adopted statutes or regulations similar to the federal laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Sanctions under the federal False Claims Acts and similar state laws may include civil monetary penalties, treble damages, criminal fines and/or imprisonment. Labor Standards Laws. We are also subject to corporate social responsibility CSR laws and regulations which require us to monitor the labor standards in our supply chain, including the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the UK Modern Slavery Act, and U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulations regarding Combating Trafficking in Persons. These CSR laws and regulations may impose additional processes and supplier management systems and have led certain key customers to impose additional requirements on medical device companies, including audits, as a prerequisite to selling products to such customers, which could result in increased costs for our products, the termination or suspension of certain suppliers, and reductions in our margins and profitability. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Privacy and Security. Due to Merit s global presence, we are impacted by the privacy and data security requirements at the international, federal, state and regional level, as well as on an industry specific basis. More privacy and data security laws and regulations are being adopted and enforced, with increasingly significant fines and financial penalties for violations in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. Compliance with these evolving and complex data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations has resulted in, and will likely continue to result in new compliance challenges and increased costs. Our business relies on the secure electronic transmission, storage and hosting of personal and sensitive personal information, including protected health information, financial information, intellectual property and other sensitive information related to our customers and workforce. Internationally, Merit is impacted by a number of stringent privacy regimes, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the EU and the Personal Information Protection Law PIPL in China, GDPR applies uniformly across the EU and includes, among other things, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to the owner of the personal data and to supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and the imposition of significant fines for non-compliance. GDPR also requires companies based outside of the EU but processing personal data of individuals residing in the EU to comply with EU privacy and data protection rules. Non-compliance could result in the imposition of significant fines, penalties, and/or orders to stop non-compliant activities. GDPR provides for a harmonization of the data protection regulations throughout the EU. It imposes a strict data protection compliance regime with severe penalties and includes rights such as the portability of personal data and the right of erasure of personal data for the data subject. Although GDPR applies across the EU without a need for local implementing legislation, it contains a number of opener clauses enabling the EU member states to provide for additional legislation. In addition, local data protection authorities still have the ability to interpret GDPR, which has the potential to create inconsistencies on a country-by-country basis. As a consequence of Brexit, GDPR no longer directly applies in the United Kingdom. However, the UK has adopted its own UK General Data Protection Regulation UKGDPR ). This regulation came into effect on January 1, 2021 and is generally similar to GDPR, while at the same time accommodating applicable laws in the UK. The People s Republic of China has introduced a comprehensive personal information protection regime by establishing a unified, cross-sector legislation, as the EU does with GDPR. This legislation, called PIPL, went into effect on November 1, 2021, and has many aspects that are similar to GDPR. The PIPL sets rules for personal information processing activities such as collection, use, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of personal information in China. It also applies to personal information processing activities outside of China if relevant business operators (a) aim at providing products or services to individuals in China; or (b) engage in analyzing and evaluating the behavior of individuals in China. Among other provisions, the PIPL requires companies identified as personal information processors (which can be viewed as equivalent to data controllers under GDPR) to obtain informed consents from the data subjects for the processing activities of their personal information, and separate consents under certain circumstances such as cross-border transfer of personal information. The PIPL also requires storage of personal information locally in China if the company is certified as a critical information infrastructure operator or processing personal information exceeding a certain volume threshold. Further, the PIPL grants statutory rights to data subjects, such as the right to information, the right to withdraw consents, the right of data portability, and the right to refuse automated decision-making. In addition, the PIPL also imposes a number of new administrative requirements on the personal information processors, including, among others, designating a data protection officer if certain conditions are met, signing data processing agreements with entrusted processors (which can be viewed as equivalent to data processors under GDPR), preparing data breach notices, conducting a personal information impact assessment as required, and obtaining regulatory approval for certain cross-border data transfer activities. Violations of the PIPL may incur severe penalties, revocation of the company s license to do business in China, and personal liabilities for company executives. As the PIPL is new and relevant implementation rules are to be finalized and released, we are in the process of implementing changes to our business practices to comply with the PIPL while monitoring further developments in the law. In the U.S., the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of certain personal information and the security of medical devices are regulated at the U.S. federal and state, international and industry levels. U.S. federal and state laws protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient medical records PHI ), and restrict the use and disclosure of patient health information by healthcare providers. Privacy and 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Security Rules under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended, and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the HITECH Act ), govern the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information by Covered Entities (which are healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses), and by their Business Associates (which is anyone that performs a service on behalf of a Covered Entity involving the use or disclosure of PHI and is not a member of the Covered Entity s workforce). Regulations under these laws establish standards, including standards regarding the privacy and security of PHI and breach notification requirements. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (through the Office of Civil Rights) has direct enforcement authority against Covered Entities and Business Associates with respect to both the Security and Privacy Rules, including both civil and criminal liability. Although Merit is a healthcare provider, Merit is not a Business Associate under the HIPAA/HITECH Act. Our risk is therefore significantly reduced because we do not create, receive, maintain, have access to, use, disclose or transmit PHI. Many state laws also regulate the use and protection of PHI by healthcare providers and may require notification in the event of a breach of such information. Merit may be subject to these laws in certain instances. With the advent of digital technology, artificial intelligence, social media, and the speed at which information moves, the protection and security of data has become an increasingly important public, media and legislative concern. As a result, and in addition to the U.S. federal regulation of PHI, a number of states have also adopted laws and regulations that may affect our privacy and data security practices for other kinds of personally identifiable information, such as state laws that govern the use, disclosure and protection of personal information and sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers). State consumer protection laws may also establish privacy and security standard for the storage, use and management of personally identifiable information, including information related to consumers or employees (which include job applicants, employees, owners, officers, directors, and medical staff members of Merit). As of December 31 2022, five U.S. states had enacted comprehensive data privacy laws. In general, these state laws (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia) give residents the right to obtain their personal information from companies, request to have their personal information deleted, and opt out of having that information sold to third parties. The state laws also compel companies to post clear privacy policies that detail the types of personal information they collect about consumers, with whom they share this data, and how consumers can control their personal data. We post on our websites our privacy notices, policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of user data, as well as providing our privacy policies to our employees (including job applicants) by linking to the Merit privacy policy (posted on the Merit website) from our Employee Handbook and our job application board. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy notices or policies or with any applicable regulatory requirements or orders, or privacy, data protection, information security or consumer protection-related privacy laws and regulations in one or more jurisdictions could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, and adversely affect our business. California s Consumer Protection Act CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, giving consumers the right to (i) prevent businesses from sharing their personal information, (ii) correct inaccurate personal information, and (iii) restrict companies from utilizing sensitive data and personal information. The California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2023, amended the CCPA to include job applicants, employees, owners, officers, directors, and medical staff members of a business (collectively employees ), give consumers even more control over their data, and increase the maximum penalties for violations against consumers who are less than 16 years old. The CPRA also prevents companies from keeping personal data longer than necessary. The addition of employees to the protections afforded by the CCPA can cause business concerns because we also have legal requirements to retain certain employee data, such as confidential disciplinary files, as well as legal document retention requirements. Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, which also went into effect on January 1, 2023, sets forth regulations regarding how we can control and process data, giving consumers the right to access, delete, and correct their data, as well as opt-out of personal data processing for advertising purposes. The Colorado Privacy Act and the Connecticut Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring law, both of which establish standards for how companies control and process consumer personal data, are both scheduled to take effect July 1, 2023. The Utah Consumer Privacy Act, which is scheduled to take effect on December 31, 2023, gives consumers the right to know what type of data businesses collect about them, how their data is being used and whether or not businesses intend to sell their data to third parties. All five of these state laws let consumers access and delete their personal data that the business has collected on them and opt out of data collection. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Because privacy and data security laws and regulations continue to expand, differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and are subject to evolving (and at times inconsistent) governmental interpretation, compliance with these laws and regulations may require significant additional cost expenditures or changes in products or business that increase competition or reduce revenue. Noncompliance with such laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, or orders to stop noncompliant activities, as well as harm to reputation, or other consequences. If our customers were to reduce their use of our products and services as a result of these concerns, our business could be materially harmed. As noted above, we are also subject to the possibility of security and privacy breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these privacy laws. CARES Act. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was signed into law. The 2.2 trillion economic stimulus bill contains numerous tax law changes. The CARES Act esta blished a program with provisions to allow U.S. companies to defer the employer s portion of social security taxes between March 27, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and pay such taxes in two installments in 2021 and 2022. As permitted by the CARES Act we deferred payment of the employer s portion of social security payroll tax payments and made a payment equal to one half of the deferred amount during each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Seasonality Our worldwide sales have not historically reflected a significant degree of seasonality; however, customer purchases have historically been lower during the third quarter of the year, as compared to other quarters. This reflects, among other factors, lower demand during summer months in countries in the northern hemisphere. Sustainability Under the oversight of our Board of Directors and management team, we continue to make sustainability a key focus of our business. We have a cross-functional Corporate Sustainability Council that is driving long-term Environment, Social and Governance ESG goals across our enterprise. These efforts have included proactive actions to address both risks and opportunities related to our sustainability program, as we strive for continued growth and profitability. The majority of our products are disposable medical devices and are generally disposed of after a single use due primarily to the risks of exposing patients to bloodborne pathogens capable of transmitting disease or other potentially infectious materials. Additionally, repeated sterilization to address such risks is not possible because it may adversely affect the quality of the materials used in many of our products and result in the failure of our product to function properly if used in multiple medical procedures. Consequently, many of our used products will likely end up in a medical waste disposal facility at the end of their usefulness. We continually look for opportunities to deliver sustainable, long-term growth of our business. Our sustainability practices are an integral component of our business strategy. We have identified our sustainability opportunities, and have developed areas of focus where we are positioned to make a positive impact. These include programs designed to reduce waste, improve efficiencies, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and protect the environment. Our sustainability values in action include: achievement of ISO 14001 certification at all of our largest manufacturing facilities (seven in scope) with the goal of continual improvement of our environmental management system (ISO 14001 is the international standard that specifies requirements for an effective environmental management system); achievement of ISO 45001 certification at all of our largest manufacturing facilities (seven in scope) with the goal of continual improvement to our occupational health and safety management system (ISO 45001 is the international standard that specifies requirements for an effective safety management system); achievement of ISO 50001 certification at five of our largest manufacturing facilities (seven in scope), and our goal is to achieve ISO 50001 certification at all our in scope manufacturing facilities by the end of 2024 (ISO 50001 is the international standard that specifies requirements for an effective energy management system); 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 establishment and support of employee gardens that promote pollination and provide farm-to-table nutrition for our employees at our headquarters in South Jordan, Utah; transition to re-usable pallets and methods to move products in reusable bulk containers, reducing intra-company shipping materials; reduction in water consumption at our water-stressed location in South Jordan, Utah by investing in campus-wide xeriscaping and water recirculation systems within our most water intensive operations; reduction in packaging materials by implementing product family packaging reviews to consolidate shipments by better understanding our customers purchasing practices these reviews often allow us to increase quantities per box, eliminate the usage of intermediate packaging, reducing film thickness and use original product packaging where possible; transition from paper work orders to electronic work orders through our internally designed eWorq program at full completion, this project will save millions of pieces of paper and thousands of plastic sleeves annually currently we are working to implement this program at our largest manufacturing facilities in South Jordan, Utah and Tijuana, Mexico, with plans to continue the roll-out to other sites thereafter; recycling programs where our employees recycle materials, including food waste, paper, plastic, cardboard, food waste and beverage containers, scrap metal, and pallets, and re-use of our plastic scrap waste leftover from the manufacturing process of our molded parts; placement of free car charging stations for employees who have transitioned to electric vehicles; installation of efficient heating and cooling systems that operate on variable efficiency drives, increasing our energy efficiency at our headquarters in South Jordan, Utah and our transition to Light Emitting Diode LED lighting in our manufacturing facilities; operation of an environmental tracking system at our world-wide facilities to facilitate monthly reporting and accountability for energy, water, waste, recycling, and scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions metrics this system supports our 2030 operational sustainability goals; and engaged in a comprehensive materiality assessment to better align ESG expectations from our internal and external stakeholders. 
 To learn more about our sustainability programs and accomplishments, you may visit www.merit.com/about/corporate-sustainability/; however, the information on this website is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2022, we had 6,846 employees located in approximately 40 different countries in a variety of different roles. In the highly competitive medical device industry, we consider attracting, developing, and retaining talented people in technical, operational, marketing, sales, research, management, and other positions to be critical to our overall long-term growth strategy. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent depends on several factors, including compensation and benefits, talent development, career opportunities, and work environment. We invest in our people and cultivate a company culture committed to supporting a diverse and inclusive workforce. Diversity and Inclusion. Our goal is to create a diverse and inclusive global culture that reflects the diversity of the customers we serve and encourages an environment where employees feel welcomed, respected, and valued. With this goal in mind, our Chief Human Resources Officer has been charged with working with our leadership team to strengthen and enhance our diversity and inclusion efforts company wide. We are committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. In the U.S., we are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to making employment decisions without regard to race, religion, ethnicity or national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law. Over 50 of our U.S. employee population identifies as non-white. To further promote a culture of inclusion, during 2021 we started the Women s Leadership Initiative WLI ), our first ever affinity group led by women and open to all Merit employees. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 The WLI contributes to our long-term strategies by promoting a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion through (i) sponsoring professional development activities focused on overcoming barriers and restraints to the advancement of women s careers, (ii) facilitating external interactions with organizations and thought leaders, and (iii) providing resources focused on improving diversity, equity, and inclusion. Employee Engagement. The engagement of our workforce is critical to delivering on our competitive strategy, and we place high importance on informed and engaged employees. We communicate frequently with our employees through a variety of communication methods, including video and written communications, town hall meetings, and our company intranet, and we acknowledge individual contributions to Merit by celebrating milestones of service in five-year increments. Since 2021 we have substantially strengthened our employee communications capabilities through the addition of dedicated internal resources and programs aimed at doing even more to communicate with and engage our workforce. In partnership with the Gallup organization, in 2022 we launched our first ever global employee engagement survey. This survey provided us with many insights into the engagement of our employees from which we have been able to develop action plans at the team and company level in order to further strengthen employee engagement. Compensation and Benefits. Because our mission is to create innovative medical devices that improve lives, we aim to hire and develop employees who want to build something special through hard work, team effort, and commitment. That is why we provide all our employees with competitive benefit packages and strive to provide the most cost-effective medical benefits and wellness programs. As a result of our focus on competitive health and wellness benefits, we have achieved our eighth consecutive year of zero health care plan cost increases for our U.S. employees who participate in our group healthcare plans. Our benefits include competitive pay, annual incentive awards and bonus opportunities, healthcare and retirement benefits, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid time off and sick leave, paid parental leave, flexible work schedules, remote working opportunities, and a wellness program. Talent Development. In 2021, we hired our first ever Director of Global Talent Management who continues to be focused on building and strengthening global programs around strategic talent management, employee performance, development and engagement. To improve employee performance, we have begun building out a global performance management program which will be officially launched in 2023 alongside our new human resources information system. Employee development programs are also being executed at different regional and local levels with a focus on management and leadership development. Community. Our employees are actively involved in their communities and supporting causes. At our headquarters, we provide an onsite garden where employees take part in growing and distributing produce to employees and to the local community. Employees also actively support causes by raising awareness and funds for non-profit organizations. Areas that our employees have supported in recent years include Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Heart Health Month, children s charities and supporting those in need. In 2022, we continued our support of humanitarian missions through Merit product donations in Haiti, Kenya, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Tanzania. Merit also conducts and/or participates in medical education conferences around the globe. Wellness. Wellness is at the foundation of creating a positive employee experience. At our company headquarters in Utah, we have an onsite medical clinic available for our employees and their families where we provide preventative and general medical care. In addition, we have a Chief Wellness Officer dedicated to designing programs and initiatives that support the physical, emotional, and mental health of our employees. We have a monthly wellness committee meeting and create a Get Healthy wellness program available to all sites across the globe. Programs include providing health information from medical and nutrition experts, newsletters with wellness and dietary tips, and activities promoting health and wellbeing such as walking groups and fitness challenges. Some programs include suicide prevention awareness, on-site diabetes screenings, mental health awareness, lifestyle modification to prevent diseases, tobacco cessation, breast cancer awareness, and our Smart Choice meal program designed by our onsite nutritionist and chef to provide free heart healthy meals to employees in our Utah headquarters. COVID-19 Response; Health and Safety. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of our manufacturing employees continued to work from our facilities, where we adopted health screening, implemented social distancing and personal protective equipment requirements, enhanced food service, cleaning and sanitation procedures, and modified workspaces to reduce the potential for disease transmission, and implemented a COVID-19 vaccine mandate for our U.S. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 employees. During 2022 most employees who do not require access to our facility to perform their work continued to work remotely, without a significant impact to productivity. Information Security We maintain strong cybersecurity systems to guard against unauthorized access, malicious software, corruption of data, disruption of our networks and systems and unauthorized release of confidential information. We employ an experienced and dedicated information security team, follow industry best practices, and work with our employees globally to create awareness and mitigate cyber risk. On an ongoing basis, we assess risks and implement procedures and practices designed to improve the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems. We voluntarily engage third-party security auditors to test our systems and controls at least annually against the most widely recognized security standards and regulations. We have developed and continue to implement a continuing cyber awareness training program which is designed to increase awareness of cybersecurity threats throughout our company and reduce the risk of human error. We conduct periodic phishing testing on all our employees with e-mail access and emphasize information security in training events and programs we host throughout the year . We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our Board of Directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. Our Board of Directors is responsible for enterprise risk management, including our approach to managing cybersecurity risk, and has delegated oversight responsibility of information security risks to its Audit Committee. The Audit Committee regularly reviews information security risks and receives reports from our Chief Technology Officer and other members of the Company s management regarding those risks. Under our framework, cybersecurity issues are analyzed by subject matter experts for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. Matters determined to present potential material impacts to the Company s financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to our Board of Directors or its Audit Committee, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. In addition, we have established procedures to ensure that management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls is informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made as appropriate. We maintain cyber insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms, conditions and limitations, cover certain aspects of cybersecurity risks; however, such insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. During the last three years, we have not experienced a material security breach and, as a result, we have not incurred any material expenses from such a breach. Furthermore, during such time, we have not been penalized or paid any amount under any information security breach settlement. Recent Developments None. Available Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC s internet website is www.sec.gov. Our internet address is www.merit.com. On our Investor Relations website, www.merit.com/investors, we make available, free of charge, a variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including: Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC. Press releases on our quarterly earnings and other pertinent information, including product launches, corporate initiatives, and participation in upcoming investor conferences. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate governance information including our corporate governance guidelines, committee charters, and codes of business conduct and ethics. Additionally, we provide electronic and paper copies of such filings free of charge upon request. The information on www.merit.com is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Sales For financial information relating to our foreign and domestic sales see Note 2 and Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business, operations and financial condition are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results will vary, and may vary materially, from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected. Among the key factors that may have a direct bearing on our business, operations or financial condition are the factors identified below: Business, Economic, Industry and Operational Risks Termination or interruption of our supply relationships and increases in labor costs and the prices of our component parts, finished products, third-party services and raw materials, particularly petroleum-based products, is negatively impacting our business and could have a further adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition . We rely on raw materials, component parts, finished products and third-party services in connection with our business. For example, substantially all of our products are sterilized by only a few different entities. If any of these sterilizers goes out of business or fails to comply with quality or regulatory requirements, we may be unable to find a suitable supplier to replace them. This could significantly delay or stop production and cause sales of such products to materially decline. Additionally, many of our products have components that are manufactured using resins, plastics and other petroleum-based materials which are available from a limited number of suppliers. We are experiencing a growing trend among suppliers of polymer resins to refuse to supply resin to the medical device manufacturers or to require such manufacturers to assume additional risks due to the potential for product liability claims. Additionally, there is no assurance that crude oil supplies will be uninterrupted or that petroleum-based manufacturing materials will be available for purchase in the future. The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may increase the likelihood of supply interruptions and further hinder our ability to find the materials we need to make our products. Supply disruptions are making it harder for us to find favorable pricing and reliable sources for the materials we need, putting upward pressure on our costs and increasing the risk that we may be unable to acquire the materials and services we need to continue to manufacture certain products. The availability and price of these materials, parts, products and services are affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, including the willingness of suppliers to sell into the medical device industry, changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel-related transportation costs, liability concerns, climate change (including new and existing laws and regulations to address climate change), competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates and political uncertainty around the world. During 2022, we experienced significantly elevated commodity and supply chain costs, including the costs of labor, raw materials, energy, fuel, packaging materials and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we expect elevated levels of inflation to continue in 2023. Our suppliers often pass some of their cost increases on to us, and if such increased costs are sustained or increase further, our suppliers may pass further cost increases on to us. In addition to the effect on resin prices, transportation costs have generally increased and may further increase if crude oil prices increase. Our transportation and service providers are typically able to pass any significant increases in oil prices on to us. Our ability to recover such increased costs may depend upon our ability to raise prices on our products. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost-containment efforts of our customers and third-party payers, we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If we are unable to fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or we experience terminations or interruption of our relationships with our suppliers, we could experience lower margins and profitability, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially harmed. Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, domestic and foreign trade policies, monetary policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The global macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and government responses, increases in inflation globally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the on-going Russia and Ukraine war and China-Taiwan relations), the current economic challenges in China, and other disruptions. Periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Ukraine, may result in (i) new and rapidly evolving sanctions and trade restrictions, which may impair trade with sanctioned individuals and countries, and (ii) negative impacts to regional trade ecosystems among our customers, partners, and us. Non-compliance with sanctions as well as general ecosystem disruptions could result in reputational harm, operational delays, monetary fines, loss of revenues, increased costs, loss of export privileges, or criminal sanctions. Furthermore, U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by other countries, including China, resulting in a trade war. A trade war could result in increased costs for raw materials we use in our manufacturing and could result in foreign governments imposing tariffs on products that we export outside the U.S. or otherwise limiting our ability to sell our products abroad. These increased costs would have a negative effect on our financial condition and profitability. Furthermore, if the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues for a long period of time, or if other countries, including the U.S., become further involved in the conflict, we could face significant adverse effects to our business and financial condition. The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic, such as COVID-19, may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and governmental responses have had widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and business practices. The extent to which global pandemics impact our business going forward will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals actions in response to the pandemic; and the impact on economic activity, including the possibility of recession or financial market instability. The above factors, including a number of other economic and geopolitical factors both in the U.S. and abroad, could ultimately have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, including the following: effects of significant changes in economic, monetary and fiscal policies in the U.S. and abroad including currency fluctuations, inflationary pressures and significant income tax changes; global increases in inflation ; a global or regional economic slowdown in any of our market segments; changes in government policies and regulations affecting the Company or its significant customers; industrial policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that restrict foreign companies altogether; new or stricter trade policies and tariffs enacted by countries, such as China, in response to changes in U.S. trade policies and tariffs; postponement of spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other factors; rapid material escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and litigation; difficulties protecting intellectual property; longer payment cycles; credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable; and the impact of each of the foregoing on outsourcing and procurement arrangements. 
 Any damage or interruption to our operations, facilities, infrastructure, manufacturing processes or information technology systems, or those of our suppliers, including as a result of our facility consolidation initiatives, could result in lost revenues and our business could be seriously harmed. Damage or interruption to our facilities or systems relating to manufacturing, distribution, research and development, or information technology because of fire, extreme weather conditions, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, geopolitical disruption, labor strikes, riots, cyber-attack, health epidemics and pandemics, unauthorized entry or other events could significantly disrupt our operations, the operations of suppliers and critical infrastructure. These events may also delay or prevent product manufacturing and shipment during the time required to repair, rebuild or replace the damaged facilities or systems. We have recently closed or reduced the operations of certain facilities and moved operations and resources to other facilities, and we are in the process of other facility consolidation initiatives. The resulting concentration of resources and the potential disruption and logistical challenges resulting from those initiatives may further exacerbate the adverse effects of these events or make it more difficult for us to respond to the effects of these events. Those initiatives may also divert the attention of our management team or other personnel, result in unanticipated expense and disrupt our operations. Climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of natural disasters and, 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 consequently, risks to our operations and growth. Although we maintain property damage and business interruption i nsurance coverage on our facilities , our insurance might not cover all losses under such circumstances, and we may not be able to renew or obtain such insurance in the future on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or at reasonable costs. Consolidation in the healthcare industry, group purchasing organizations and public procurement policies have lead to demands for price concessions, which reduces our revenues and may harm our ability to sell our products at prices necessary to support our current business strategies. Healthcare costs have risen significantly over the past decade, which has resulted in or led to numerous cost reform initiatives by legislators, regulators and third-party payers. Cost reform has triggered a consolidation trend in the healthcare industry to aggregate purchasing power, which has created more requests for pricing concessions and is expected to continue in the future. Additionally, many of our customers belong to group purchasing organizations or integrated delivery networks that use their market power to consolidate purchasing decisions for these hospitals and healthcare service providers. These customers are often able to obtain lower prices and more favorable terms because of the potential sales volume they represent, which has lead to lower revenues and required us to take on additional liability. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to change the healthcare industry worldwide, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products. We may be unable to compete in our markets, particularly if there is a significant change in relevant practices or technology. The markets in which our products compete are highly competitive. We face competition from many companies which are larger, better established, have greater financial, technical and other resources and possess a greater market presence than we do. Such resources and market presence may enable our competitors to more effectively market competing products or to market competing products at reduced prices in order to gain market share. In addition, our ability to compete successfully is dependent, in part, upon our response to changes in technology and upon our efforts to develop and market new products which achieve significant market acceptance. Competing companies with substantially greater resources than us are actively engaged in research and development of new methods, treatments, drugs, and procedures to treat or prevent cardiovascular disease that could limit the market for our products and eventually make some of our products obsolete. A reduction in the demand for a significant number of our products, or a few key products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. COVID-19 Risks The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing implications have negatively impacted our business and operations around the world and may continue to materially and adversely impact our business, operations and financial results . The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting containment measures created significant disruption and uncertainty in the global economy and negatively impacted our business, results of operations and financial condition during 2020, 2021 and 2022. Although the impact of COVID-19 and the resulting containment measures decreased during 2022, they have the potential to continue to negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future. Numerous national, international, state and local jurisdictions imposed a variety of government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. In 2020, such orders and restrictions caused significant alterations of our operations, work stoppages, slowdowns and delays, travel restrictions and event cancellations, among other effects, thereby significantly and negatively impacting our financial condition. In 2021 and 2022, these conditions continued at varying levels. Other disruptions that we experienced include (i) restrictions on our personnel and personnel of business partners to travel and access customers for training and case support (ii) supply chain delays and disruptions, logistical challenges and increased freight, transportation and other expenses; (iii) delays in regulatory approvals by governmental and regulatory bodies; (iv) reductions in spending by our customers; (v) diversion of or limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the operations of our business, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people (vi) fluctuations in the availability of employees and potential employees (vii) additional government requirements or other incremental mitigation efforts that 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 may further impact our or our suppliers capacity to manufacture our products; (viii) disruption of our research and development activities; and (ix) delays in ongoing studies and pre-clinical trials. Although some of these disruptions diminished in 2021 and the impact lessened further during 2022, they may again return or further intensify their effect on our operations, whether as a direct result of COVID-19 or other factors exacerbated by the effects of COVID-19. In addition, elective procedures that use our products significantly decreased in number during much of 2020 as health care organizations around the world prioritized the treatment of patients with COVID-19 and reduced spending in other areas. For example, in the United States, governmental authorities recommended, and in certain cases required, that elective, deferrable, specialty and other procedures and appointments (many of which use our products), be suspended or canceled to avoid non-essential patient exposure to medical environments and potential infection with COVID-19 and to focus limited resources and personnel capacity toward the treatment of COVID-19 patients. In 2021, these procedures resumed in many locations, and overall, we saw significant improvement in our business during 2021. We saw further improvement in the availability of elective procedures during 2022. It is possible, however, that a resurgence of COVID-19, or increased spread of its variants, could again cause a rise in severe infections and force authorities and customers to impose restrictions that would negatively impact our operations. All of these factors have also caused or contributed to disruptions and delays in our logistics and supply chain, and we may continue to experience these disruptions and delays. The full extent to which COVID-19 and resulting containment measures impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity and spread of the virus and its variants. To the extent COVID-19 (including existing variants and any new variants) and resulting containment measures continue to adversely affect our business, operations and financial results, they may also have the effect of heightening other risks described herein, such as those relating to general economic conditions, demand for our products, relationships with suppliers and sales efforts. Strategic, Business Development and Employee Attraction and Retention Risks We may be unable to successfully manage growth and maintain operational efficiencies. Successful implementation and execution of our business strategy will require that we effectively manage our growth. As the Company grows, we are often faced with decisions to (i) expand certain product lines and discontinue others, (ii) open or expand new facilities and close others, (iii) allocate resources between new and established markets, or (iv) allocate resources between the expansion of organic business and the acquisition of new product lines. The outcome of each of these decisions is uncertain, and even with the exercise of excellent business judgment, results may not align with expectations because of the many factors listed in this section. In addition, our management will need to continue to implement changes in certain aspects of our business, improve our information systems, infrastructure and operations to respond to increased demand, attract and retain qualified personnel, and develop, train, and manage an increasing number of employees. We may not have the resources available to implement certain necessary changes, and as a result, growth may be delayed or we may not be able to take advantage of certain business opportunities. Growth has placed, and will likely continue to place, an increasing strain on our management, sales and other personnel, and on our financial, product design, marketing, distribution, technology and other resources. Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. Substantial costs are incurred when identifying, evaluating, negotiating and closing acquisitions, and failure to integrate acquired businesses may adversely impact our business and financial results. We have completed a series of significant acquisitions and, continue to evaluate other potential acquisitions and strategic transactions, certain of which may also be significant. We have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, significant expenses in connection with evaluating, negotiating and consummating various acquisition and other strategic transactions. As we grow through acquisitions, we face the additional challenges of integrating the operations, culture, information management systems and other characteristics of the acquired entity with our own, including sales models related to capital equipment. Our efforts to integrate acquisitions may be hampered by delays, the loss of certain employees, suppliers or 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 customers, proceedings resulting from employment terminations, culture clashes, unbudgeted costs, and other issues, which may occur at levels that are more severe or prolonged than anticipated. Additionally, past and future acquisitions may increase the risks of competition we face by, among other things, extending our operations into industry segments and product lines where we have few existing customers or qualified sales personnel and limited expertise. Further, as a result of certain acquisitions, we are selling capital equipment, in addition to our historical sales of disposable medical devices. The sale of capital equipment may create additional risks and potential liability, which may negatively affect our business, operations or financial condition. In addition, we may not realize competitive advantages, synergies or other benefits anticipated in connection with any such acquisition or other transaction. If we do not adequately identify and value targets for, or manage issues related to, acquisitions and strategic transactions, such transactions may not produce the anticipated benefits and have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. We have incurred expenses in connection with the disposition of businesses and assets which we acquired but determined that they did not produce the benefits contemplated at the time of acquisition. We may incur similar expenses in the future. We will be required to expend significant resources for research, development, testing and regulatory approval or clearance of our products under development, and these products may not be developed successfully or approved for commercial use . Most of our products under development will require significant additional research, development, engineering and, in some cases, preclinical and clinical testing, as well as regulatory approval or clearance and a commitment of significant additional resources prior to their commercialization. It is possible that our products may not: be developed successfully; be proven safe or effective in clinical trials; offer therapeutic or other improvements over current treatments and products; meet applicable regulatory standards or receive regulatory approvals or clearances; be capable of production in commercial quantities at acceptable costs and in compliance with regulatory requirements; be successfully marketed; or be covered by private or public insurers. 
 We may be unable to accurately forecast customer demand for our products and manage our inventory. To ensure adequate supply, we must forecast our inventory needs and place orders with our suppliers based on estimates of future demand for particular products. Our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products could be negatively affected by many factors, including our failure to accurately manage our expansion strategy and customer acceptance of new products, product introductions by our competitors, an increase or decrease in customer demand for our products or for products of our competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions or regulatory matters and weakening of economic conditions, effects of COVID-19 or decreased consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs, which would impact our gross margin. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand for our products, our manufacturing facilities may not be able to deliver products to meet our order requirements, which could damage our reputation and customer relationships. Our forecasts of customer demand and related decisions that we make about production levels may take into account potential opportunities created by regulatory issues, supply disruptions or other challenges experienced by our competitors. We generally do not know the extent and cannot predict the duration of these challenges experienced by our competitors. As a result, our estimates about related increased demand for our products are inherently uncertain and subject to change. If our estimates incorrectly forecast the extent or duration of this increased demand, or the product types to which it relates, our revenues, margins and earnings could be adversely affected. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 We lack direct sales and marketing capabilities in many countries and are dependent on our distributors for the commercialization of our products in these countries. If we are unable to maintain or establish sales capabilities on our own or through third parties, we may not be able to commercialize any of our products in those countries . We have no or limited direct sales or marketing capabilities in some of the regions and countries in which our products are sold, including, among others, China, Japan, Russia and India. We have entered into distribution agreements with third parties to market and sell our products in those countries in which we do not have a direct sales force and in those countries in which we utilize a modified direct sales approach. If we are unable to maintain or enter into such distribution arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products in certain countries. Moreover, to the extent that we enter into distribution arrangements with other companies, our revenues, if any, will depend on the terms of any such arrangements and the efforts of others. These efforts may turn out not to be sufficient and our third-party distributors may not effectively sell our products. In addition, although our contract terms require our distributors to comply with all applicable laws regarding the sale of our products, including anti-competition, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws, we may not be able to ensure proper compliance. If our distributors fail to effectively market and sell our products in full compliance with applicable laws, our results of operations and business could be impacted. We are dependent upon key personnel . Our success is dependent on key management personnel, including Fred P. Lampropoulos, our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Lampropoulos is not subject to any agreement prohibiting his departure, and we do not maintain key man life insurance on his life. The loss of Mr. Lampropoulos, or of certain other key management personnel, could have a materially adverse effect on our business and operations. Our success also depends on, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of key operating, manufacturing, sales and other personnel. Regulatory, Litigation, Tax and Legal Compliance Risks Regulations and trade policies implemented by foreign governments to reduce the costs of healthcare or promote business in their countries have caused, and are likely to continue to cause our sales to decline in such countries. These regulations and policies result in increased costs, lower margins and lower sales than we would otherwise expect, which have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our customers and suppliers may also be affected by these events, so even if we are not directly impacted, we may still experience lower demand for our products and increases in our manufacturing costs because of the effects these events may have on our customers and suppliers. For example, China has implemented a volume-based procurement process designed to decrease prices for medical devices and other products. This process has had a negative impact on our revenues in China and we expect it will continue to cause a decrease in the revenue we are able to generate in China. The FDA regulatory clearance process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and the failure to obtain and maintain required regulatory clearances and approvals could prevent us from commercializing our products . Before we can introduce a new device or a new use of or a claim for a cleared device in the U.S., we must generally obtain clearance from the FDA, unless an exemption from premarket review or an alternative procedure, such as a de novo risk-based classification or a humanitarian device exemption, applies. The FDA clearance and approval processes for medical devices are expensive, uncertain and time-consuming. We may make changes to our cleared products without seeking additional clearances or approvals if we determine such clearances or approvals are not necessary and document the basis for that conclusion. However, the FDA may disagree with our determination or may require additional information, including clinical data, to be submitted before a determination is made, in which case we may be required to delay the introduction and marketing of our modified products, redesign our products, conduct clinical trials to support any modifications and pay significant regulatory fines or penalties. In addition, the FDA may not approve or clear our products for the indications that are necessary or desirable for successful commercialization. In particular, w e are currently conducting a large, multinational pivotal human clinical trial of the Wrapsody Endoprosthesis. A successful outcome of this trial is required to obtain approval from the FDA and some international 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 regulatory agencies. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for the Wrapsody Endoprosthesis or any other products on a timely basis or at all. Further, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared products on a timely basis. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, regulatory clearances for any product enhancements or new products we develop would result in delayed or no realization of revenue from such product enhancements or new products and in substantial additional costs, which could decrease our profitability. In addition, we are required to continue to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements once we have obtained clearance or approval for a product. We cannot provide assurance that we will successfully maintain the clearances or approvals we have received or may receive in the future. The loss of previously received clearances or approvals, or the failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements, could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Our products are generally subject to regulatory requirements in foreign countries in which we sell them. We have experienced delays and expended significant resources in obtaining those approvals and clearances and we will likely continue to experience delays and uncertainty, and incur significant expenses, in obtaining those approvals or clearances . In order to sell our products in foreign countries, generally we must obtain regulatory approvals and comply with the regulations of those countries. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals or clearances and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country-to-country. See our related discussion under Item 1. Business Regulation - Regulatory Approvals. In general, we intend to obtain MDR approvals for our principal products sold in the EU ahead of expiry dates; however for multiple reasons, including but not limited to changing business strategies, limited labor pool and contract resources, administrative delays, increased costs of obtaining MDR certification, availability of necessary data and notified body capacity, there will be some products that will not be fully compliant at the time of expiry. The additional time and resources required to obtain MDR certification has been a significant factor in, and will likely continue to influence, our decisions to discontinue sales and distribution of certain products in the EU. Complying with and obtaining regulatory approval in foreign countries, including our efforts to comply with the requirements of the MDR, have caused and will likely continue to cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. The medical device industry is subject to extensive scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities and we are currently operating under a Corporate Integrity Agreement. If governmental authorities determine that we have violated laws, regulations or our Corporate Integrity Agreement, our company or our employees may be subject to various penalties, including civil or criminal penalties . Our products and business activities are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. These authorities and domestic and foreign legislators continue to scrutinize the medical device industry. In recent years, the U.S. Congress, DOJ, OIG, SEC and the Department of Defense, as well as foreign counterparts, have issued subpoenas and other requests for information to medical device manufacturers, primarily related to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and product promotional practices. In October 2020, we entered into a Settlement Agreement with the DOJ to resolve their investigation into our past marketing transactions and practices. Under the Settlement Agreement and related agreements, we paid 18.7 million (which includes interest and certain fees) in exchange for a release from liability for the alleged conduct. The settlement was also conditioned upon our entering into the CIA. Please refer to the discussion in Item 1. Business - Regulation - Corporate Integrity Agreement. Even if we fully comply with the CIA, we have incurred, and anticipate that we will continue to incur, substantial costs in connection with the settlement and compliance with the CIA. It is unclear what impact the settlement has had and may have on our reputation. This matter has consumed a significant amount of our resources and management s attention. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate that government authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, and that additional regulation by government authorities may increase compliance costs, exposure to litigation and other adverse effects on our operations. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including the terms of the CIA, we may be subjected to a wide variety of sanctions and enforcement actions, including warning letters that require corrective action, injunctions, product seizures or recalls, suspension of product manufacturing, revocation of approvals, import or export prohibitions, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, civil fines and/or criminal penalties, which in turn may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms. We are subject to laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, the violation of which could adversely affect our business or financial results . Our operations are subject to various state and federal laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and other anti-kickback laws, which prohibit any person from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for an item or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Violations of these fraud and abuse-related laws are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, any of which could harm our business or negatively impact our financial results. Allegations of such violations could lead to expensive and time-consuming investigations by government authorities and result in conviction of these violations or settlement costs and additional restrictions, like the CIA discussed above under Item 1. Business - Regulation - Corporate Integrity Agreement. Furthermore, our contracts with government-sponsored healthcare entities are subject to specific procurement requirements. Failure to comply with applicable rules or regulations or with contractual or other requirements may result in monetary damages and criminal or civil penalties as well as termination of our government contracts or our suspension or debarment from government contract work. Our international operations make us subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and our failure, or the failure of our distributors and agents, to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties and adversely affect our business. We currently conduct our business in various foreign countries, and we expect to continue to expand our foreign operations. As a result, we are subject to the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-corruption laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. These laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from illegally offering things of value to any individual for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Compliance with the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws presents challenges to our operations. Our policies mandate compliance with the FCPA and all other applicable anti-bribery laws. Further, we expect our employees, distributors, agents and others who work for us or on our behalf to comply with these anti-bribery laws. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, distributors or agents. If our employees, distributors or agents violate the provisions of the FCPA or other anti-bribery laws, or even if there are allegations of such violations, we could be subject to investigations or civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material, adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Limits on reimbursement imposed by governmental and other programs may adversely affect our business and results of operation. We sell our products to hospitals and other healthcare providers around the world that typically receive reimbursement for the services provided to patients, which incorporate the use of our products, from third-party payers such as government programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private insurance programs. The ability of our customers to obtain adequate reimbursement for the health care procedures that use our products, such that the cost of our products is covered, is critical to our business. Limits on reimbursement imposed by such third-party payers may adversely affect our 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 customers, such as hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers, to purchase our products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Third-party payers, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In general, a third-party payer covers a medical procedure only when the plan administrator is satisfied that the product or procedure is reasonable and necessary to the patient s treatment; however, for certain payers (such as foreign governments and some commercial insurers) the cost-effectiveness of the treatment may also be a condition. In addition, in the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products exists among third-party payers. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products can differ significantly from payer to payer and, in some cases, jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In addition, payers continually review new and existing technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny, change or reverse coverage decisions or alter prior authorization requirements for new or existing products and procedures. We cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in any efforts we may potentially undertake to reverse such non-coverage or unfavorable coverage decisions. If we are not successful in reversing non-coverage or unfavorable coverage policies, or if third-party payers that currently cover or reimburse certain procedures involving the use of our products reverse, change or limit their coverage of such procedures in the future, or if other third-party payers issue similar policies or adopt similar practices, our business could be adversely impacted. Further, we believe that future coverage and reimbursement may be subject to increased restrictions, such as additional prior authorization requirements, both in the U.S. and in international markets. Third-party coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products or any of our products in development for which we may receive regulatory approval may not be available or adequate in either the U.S. or international markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S., state and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business . The U.S. and many other countries in which we conduct our operations have adopted laws and regulations protecting certain data, including medical and personal data (including HIPAA, the HITECH Act and the rules issued thereunder), and requiring data holders and controllers to implement administrative, logical and technical controls and procedures in order to protect the privacy of such data. Individual states have also begun to enact data privacy laws giving consumers the right to demand certain information and actions from companies who collect personal information. Internationally, some countries have also passed laws and regulations that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. In addition, regulatory authorities around the world are considering additional proposals concerning data protection. These laws and regulations have been, and may continue to be, inconsistent with each other, requiring different approaches in different jurisdictions. In addition, the interpretation and application of medical and personal data protection laws and regulations in the U.S., Europe, China and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. Further, we have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, significant expense in connection with our efforts to comply with those applicable laws and regulations. It is possible that these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices, resulting in fines or orders requiring that we change our data practices, which could in turn (i) cause us to incur substantial costs or (ii) have an adverse effect on our business. Legal developments in foreign countries have created uncertainty regarding certain transfers of personal data from certain countries to the U.S. or other foreign countries. For example, GDPR applies to the processing of personal data related to: (i) the activities of an establishment in the EU or (ii) the processing of personal data of data subjects who are in the EU where this is related to products and services that we offer to EU users. GDPR includes compliance obligations, which could cause us to change our business practices, and significantly increases financial penalties for noncompliance. In addition, the PIPL, similar to GDPR, applies to personal information processing activities outside of China if companies provide products or services to individuals in China or analyze and evaluate the behavior of individuals in China. If we fail to comply with the requirements of the PIPL, we could incur severe penalties. If we incur any of these penalties in the EU or China for violations of GDPR or the PIPL, our business and operations in those areas could be adversely affected and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our failure to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could affect our business, operations or financial condition. We manufacture and assemble certain products that require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to various national, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment, health and safety. Moreover, climate change and sustainability efforts and potential climate change regulations could lead to business interruption, significantly increased costs and other adverse consequences to our business. While the cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations historically, compliance with future regulations may require additional capital investments or other expenses. Additionally, because we use a limited amount of hazardous and other regulated materials in our manufacturing processes, we are subject to certain risks of future liabilities, lawsuits and claims resulting from any substances we manufacture, dispose of or release. Certain environmental laws and regulations may impose strict liability for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, others, or for acts that were in non-compliance with all applicable laws at the time the acts were performed, rendering us liable without regard to our negligence or fault. Because of these laws, any accidental release may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. Our operations are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety. We maintain safety, training and maintenance programs as part of our ongoing efforts to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Compliance with applicable health and safety laws and regulations has required and continues to require significant expenditures. We are also subject to corporate social responsibility, or CSR, laws and regulations which require us to monitor the labor standards in our supply chain, including the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the UK Modern Slavery Act, and U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulations regarding Combating Trafficking in Persons. These CSR labor laws and regulations may impose additional processes and supplier management systems and have led certain key customers to impose additional requirements on medical device companies, including audits, as a prerequisite to selling products to such customers, which could result in increased costs for our products, the termination or suspension of certain suppliers, and reductions in our margins and profitability. Use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities . The marketing clearances and approvals from the FDA and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific uses. We are prohibited from marketing or promoting any uncleared or unapproved use of our product. However, physicians may use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly within the scope of the regulatory approval or clearance. The use of our products for unauthorized purposes could arise from our sales personnel or distributors violating our policies by providing information or recommendations about such unauthorized uses. Consequently, claims may be asserted by the FDA or other enforcement agencies that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations or have improperly promoted our products for uncleared or unapproved uses. The FDA or such other agencies could require a recall of products or allege that our promotional activities misbrand or adulterate our products or violate other legal requirements, which could result in investigations, prosecutions, fines or other civil or criminal actions. Our products may be subject to product liability claims and warranty claims . Our products are used in connection with invasive procedures and in other medical contexts that entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. If medical personnel or their patients suffer injury or death in connection with the use of our products, whether as a result of a failure of our products to function as designed, an inappropriate design, inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or information, improper use, or for any other reason, we could be subject to lawsuits seeking significant compensatory and punitive damages. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. We have previously faced, and currently face, claims by patients claiming injuries from our products. To date, these claims have not resulted in material harm to our operations or financial condition. The outcome of this type of personal injury litigation is difficult to assess or quantify. We maintain product liability insurance; however, there is no assurance that this coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any claim made against us. Moreover, any product liability claim brought against us could result in significant costs, divert our management s attention from other business matters or operations, increase our product liability insurance rates, or prevent us from securing insurance 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 coverage in the future. As a result, any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. We generally offer a limited warranty for the return of product due to defects in quality and workmanship. We attempt to estimate our potential liability for future product returns and establish reserves on our financial statements in amounts that we believe will be sufficient to address our warranty obligations; however, our actual liability for product returns may significantly exceed the amount of our reserves. If we underestimate our potential liability for future product returns, or if unanticipated events result in returns that exceed our historical experience, our financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed. In addition, the occurrence of such an event or claim could result in a recall of products from the market or a safety alert relating to such products. Such a recall could result in significant costs, reduce our revenue, divert management s attention from our business, and harm our reputation. Our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events that we are required to report to the FDA or other governmental authorities, and if we fail to do so, we may be subject to sanctions that may materially harm our business . Our products are subject to medical device reporting regulations, which require us to report to the FDA information that reasonably suggests one of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or one of our products malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, this device or a similar device that we market would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Our obligation to report under the medical device reporting regulations is triggered on the date on which we become aware of information that reasonably suggests a reportable adverse event occurred. We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to recognize that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or if the product characteristic that caused the adverse event is removed in time from our products. Inspections by the FDA or other regulators may reveal violations or instances of noncompliance under the QSRs and other post-market requirements. If we fail to comply with our medical device reporting obligations or commit a violation of these requirements, the FDA could issue warning letters or untitled letters, take administrative actions, commence criminal prosecution, impose civil monetary penalties, demand or initiate a product recall, seize our products, or delay the clearance of our future products. Other regulatory authorities could take similar actions within their jurisdictions. Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, manufacturers and distributors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, manufacturers and distributors may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct, or unauthorized activities that violate the healthcare laws and regulations of the FDA and other federal, state and international authorities, manufacturing standards, and laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, and a global anti-corruption policy, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties. We may be a party to litigation in the course of our business or otherwise, which could affect our financial condition and results of operations . We are routinely a party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings, claims or other legal matters, arising in the course of our business. Legal proceedings can be complex and take many months, or even years, to reach resolution, with the final outcome depending on a number of variables, some of which are not within our control. Litigation is subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations. Although it is our intention to vigorously defend ourselves in such legal proceedings, their ultimate resolution and potential financial and 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 other impacts on us are uncertain. If a legal proceeding is resolved against us, it could result in significant compensatory damages or injunctive relief that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Intellectual Property We may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property, which could harm our business and financial condition . Our ability to remain competitive is dependent, in part, upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and prevent other companies from infringing our intellectual property rights to produce competing products. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of confidentiality and license agreements, maintaining certain trade secrets, and through registrations under patent, trademark, and copyright laws. However, these measures afford only limited protection and may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Additionally, these measures may not prevent competitors from duplicating our products or gaining access to our proprietary information and technology. Third parties may copy all or portions of our products or otherwise use our intellectual property without authorization, and we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property by consultants, vendors, former employees and current employees. Despite our efforts to restrict such unauthorized disclosure or use through nondisclosure agreements and other contractual restrictions, we may not be able to enforce these contractual provisions or we may incur substantial costs enforcing our legal rights. Third parties may also develop similar or superior technology independently or by designing around our patents. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not offer the same level of protection for our intellectual property as the laws of the U.S. Further, no assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed or will file will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate or meaningful protection against competitors or against similar technologies. All of our patents and copyrights will eventually expire and some of our patents, including patents protecting significant elements of our technology, will expire within the next several years. Filing, prosecuting and defending our intellectual property in countries throughout the world may be impractical and prohibitively expensive. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any such lawsuits that we might initiate could be expensive, take significant time and divert management s attention from our business. Litigation also puts our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert claims against us. Moreover, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protections, which makes it difficult to stop infringement. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. Third parties claiming that we infringe their intellectual property rights could cause us to incur significant legal or licensing expenses and prevent us from selling our products . Our commercial success will depend in part on not infringing or violating the intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, third parties may claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights, including claims regarding patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and confidential information. We may not be aware of whether our products do or will infringe existing or future patents or the intellectual property rights of others. Because of constant technological change in the medical device industry in which we compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that the number of these claims may grow. In addition, former employers of our former, current, or future employees may assert claims that such employees have improperly disclosed to us the confidential or proprietary information of such former employers. Any such claim, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, distract management from day-to-day operations and harm our brand or reputation, which in turn could harm our business or results of operations. If we are not successful in defending such claims, we could be required to (i) stop selling our products, (ii) redesign our products, (iii) discontinue the use of related trademarks, technologies or designs, (iv) pay damages or indemnification obligations, or (v) enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. Royalty or licensing arrangements that we may seek in such circumstances may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all and we may not be able to redesign applicable products in a way to avoid infringing the intellectual property 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 rights of others. We have made and expect to continue making significant expenditures to investigate, defend and settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk. Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risks We rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business, and a material disruption of critical information systems or a material breach in the security of our systems may adversely affect our business and customer relationships . We rely on information technology systems (including technology from third-party providers) to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. We also rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with customers and suppliers, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide support to customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. Our internal information technology systems, as well as those systems maintained by third-party providers, may be subjected to computer viruses or other malicious code, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber-attacks, any of which could result in data leaks or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and there can be no assurance that our protective measures have prevented or will prevent security breaches, any of which could have a significant impact on our business, reputation and financial condition, particularly attacks that result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen. We rely on third-party vendors to supply and support certain aspects of our information technology systems. These third-party systems could also become vulnerable to cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference or other significant disruptions, and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption or compromise the information security of our own systems. In addition, we continue to grow in part through business and product acquisitions and, as a result, may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in the systems operated by the other parties to those transactions, or difficulties or other breakdowns or disruptions in connection with the integration of the acquired businesses and products into our information technology systems. Cyber-attacks could also result in unauthorized access to our systems and products, including personal information of individuals, which could trigger notification requirements, encourage actions by regulatory bodies, result in adverse publicity, prompt us to offer credit support products or services to affected individuals and lead to class action or other civil litigation. If we fail to monitor, maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we could (i) lose customers, (ii) be subject to fraud, (iii) breach our agreements with or duties toward customers, physicians, other health care professionals and employees, (iv) be subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, (v) incur expenses or lose revenues, (vi) sustain damage to our reputation, or (vii) suffer other adverse consequences. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. Market, Liquidity and Credit Risks The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity . On July 31, 2019 we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Third Amended Credit Agreement ), with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and a lender, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BOFA Securities, Inc., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and Bank of America, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association as co-syndication agents. In addition, Bank of America, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, U.S. Bank, National Association, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., and MUFG Union Bank, Ltd. are parties to the Third Amended Credit Agreement as lenders. The Third Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates in its entirety our previously outstanding Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and all amendments thereto (the Second Amended Credit Agreement ). The Third Amended Credit Agreement contains a number of significant covenants that 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity or our results of operations. These covenants restrict, among other things, our incurrence of indebtedness, creation of liens or pledges on our assets, mergers or similar combinations or liquidations, asset dispositions, repurchases or redemptions of equity interests or debt, issuances of equity, payment of dividends and certain distributions and entry into related party transactions. We have pledged substantially all of our assets as collateral for the Third Amended Credit Agreement. Our breach of any covenant in the Third Amended Credit Agreement, not otherwise cured, waived or amended, could result in a default under that agreement and could trigger acceleration of the underlying obligations. Any default under the Third Amended Credit Agreement could adversely affect our ability to service our debt and to fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations. The administrative agent, joint lead arrangers, joint bookrunners and lenders under the Third Amended Credit Agreement have available to them the remedies typically available to lenders and secured parties, including the ability to foreclose on the collateral we have pledged. It could lead to an acceleration of indebtedness and foreclosure on our assets. As currently amended, the Third Amended Credit Agreement provides for potential borrowings of up to 750 million. Such increased borrowing limits may make it more difficult for us to comply with leverage ratios and other restrictive covenants in the Third Amended Credit Agreement. We may also have less cash available for operations and investments in our business, as we will be required to use additional cash to satisfy the minimum payment obligations associated with this increased indebtedness. We depend on generating sufficient cash flow to fund our debt obligations, capital expenditures, and ongoing operations. We are dependent on our cash on hand and free cash flow to fund our debt obligations, capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our ability to service our debt and to fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations will depend on our ability to continue to generate cash flow. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or we are unable to access additional liquidity sources, we may not be able to service or repay our debt, operate our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidity and capital needs. The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The market price of our common stock has at times, been, and may in the future be, volatile for various reasons, including those discussed in these risk factors. Other events that could cause volatility in our stock include, without limitation, variances in our financial results; analysts and other projections or recommendations regarding our common stock specifically or medical technology stocks generally; any restatement of our financial statements or any investigation of us by the SEC, DOJ, OIG, FDA, or another regulatory authority; actions taken by activist investors or other shareholders, significant litigation or a decline, or rise, of stock prices in capital markets generally. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may negatively impact our financial results. As our operations have grown outside the U.S., we have also become increasingly subject to market risk relating to foreign currency. Those fluctuations could have a negative impact on our margins and financial results. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the exchange rate between all applicable foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar resulted in a decrease in net sales of 23.8 million, an increase in net sales of 10.3 million, and a decrease in net sales of 1.3 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 394.1 million, or 34.2 , of our net sales were denominated in foreign currencies, with our CNY- and Euro-denominated sales representing our largest currency risks to net sales. If the rate of exchange between foreign currencies declines against the U.S. Dollar, we may not be able to increase the prices we charge our customers for products whose prices are denominated in those respective foreign currencies. Furthermore, we may be unable or elect not to enter into hedging transactions which could mitigate the effect of declining exchange rates. As a result, if the rate of exchange between foreign currencies declines against the U.S. Dollar, our financial results may be negatively impacted. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to changes in tax laws, fluctuations in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, which may adversely affect our effective tax rate, business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. In preparing our financial statements, we estimate the amount of tax that will become payable in each of these jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate may, however, differ from the estimated amount due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country and changes in tax laws. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. In many countries, including the United States, we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned by our U.S. or local entities and are taxed accordingly. Although we believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could assert that we owe additional taxes. In the event that audits, assessments, or other determinations by governmental authorities are concluded adversely to us, they could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. P r operties. Our world headquarters is located in South Jordan, Utah, with our principal office for European operations located in Galway, Ireland and our principal office for Asian distribution located in Beijing, China. We also support our European operations from a distribution and customer service facility located in Maastricht, The Netherlands. In addition, we lease commercial space in India, Hong Kong, Italy, Dubai, Australia, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, South Korea, Japan, South Africa, Singapore, Great Britain, Vietnam, Taiwan, New Zealand, Indonesia, and France, as well as in California and Texas. Our principal manufacturing and packaging facilities are located in Utah, Virginia, Texas, Ireland, Brazil, France, Singapore, Mexico, and The Netherlands. Our research and development activities are conducted principally at facilities located in Utah, California, Texas, Ireland, France, and Singapore. Our total manufacturing, commercial, distribution, and research space is approximately 1.9 million square feet, of which approximately 1.0 million square feet is owned, and 0.9 million square feet is leased. The following is a summary of the approximate square footage of our key facilities as of December 31, 2022: 

Location Main Purpose Area (sq. ft.) Utah HQ, Manufacturing, Distribution, Research 724,170 Mexico Manufacturing 196,690 Virginia Manufacturing, Distribution 187,659 Ireland Manufacturing, Research 139,680 The Netherlands Manufacturing, Distribution 136,501 Texas Manufacturing, Research 94,000 Singapore Manufacturing, Research 68,000 China Distribution 50,290 Operations associated with our cardiovascular segment utilize all of our facilities, while operations associated with our endoscopy segment are conducted primarily from our facilities located in Utah and Texas. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our existing and proposed facilities will generally be adequate for our present and future anticipated levels of operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. See Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report and incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. The disclosure required by this item is not applicable. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Price for the Common Stock Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol MMSI. As of February 22, 2023, the number of shares of our common stock outstanding was 57,318,032 held by approximately 96 shareholders of record, not including shareholders whose shares are held in securities position listings. We did not repurchase any shares during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Performance The following graph compares the performance of our common stock with the performance of the NASDAQ US Benchmark TR Index and NASDAQ Stocks (SIC 3840-3849 U.S. Companies - Surgical, Medical and Dental Instruments and Supplies) f or a five-year period by measuring the changes in common stock prices from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. 

12/2017 12/2018 12/2019 12/2020 12/2021 12/2022 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 100.00 129.19 72.27 128.50 144.21 163.45 NASDAQ US Benchmark (TR) 100.00 94.56 124.03 150.41 189.36 152.00 NASDAQ Stocks (SIC 3840-3849 U.S. Companies) 100.00 112.98 138.90 202.84 228.47 165.59 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 The stock performance graph assumes for comparison that the value of our common stock and of each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. Past performance is not necessarily an indicator of future results. NOTE: Performance graph data is complete through last fiscal year. Corporate Performance Graph with peer group uses peer group only performance (excludes only Merit). Peer group indices use beginning of period market capitalization weighting. Prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2023. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Index Data: Copyright NASDAQ OMX, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto set forth in Item 8 of this report. Overview We design, develop, manufacture and market medical products for interventional and diagnostic procedures. For financial reporting purposes, we report our operations in two operating segments: cardiovascular and endoscopy. Our cardiovascular segment consists of cardiology and radiology devices, which assist in diagnosing and treating coronary arterial disease, peripheral vascular disease and other non-vascular diseases and includes embolotherapeutic, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, critical care, breast cancer localization and guidance, biopsy, interventional oncology and spine devices. Our endoscopy segment consists of gastroenterology and pulmonology devices which assist in the palliative treatment of expanding esophageal, tracheobronchial and biliary strictures caused by malignant tumors. Within those two operating segments, we offer products focused in five core product categories: peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, OEM and endoscopy. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported sales of 1.151 billion, up 76.2 million or 7.1 , compared to 2021 sales of 1.075 billion. Our revenue results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were driven primarily by stronger-than-anticipated demand in the U.S. and more favorable than anticipated international sales trends, particularly in the EMEA and Rest of World ROW regions. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was 45.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 45.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 74.5 million, or 1.29 per share, as compared to 48.5 million, or 0.84 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022 we received Breakthrough Device Designation for Embosphere Microspheres for use in genicular artery embolization for symptomatic knee osteoarthritis. We also received FDA clearance for the SCOUT Bx Delivery System, the first wire-free breast localization solution that can be deployed at the time of stereotactic or MRI-guided biopsy representing a notable addition to the Merit Oncology portfolio. We have launched eight new products during 2022 including the basixALPHA inflation device, PreludeSYNC EZ Radial Compression Device, TEMNO Elite Soft Tissue Biopsy System, Prelude Roadster Guide Sheath, SafeGuard Focus Cool Compression Device, SCOUT Mini Reflector, ReSolve Thoracostomy Tray and the commercial release of the smallest and shortest configuration in the Elation Pulmonary Balloon Dilator portfolio. On November 10, 2020, we introduced a corporate transformation initiative known as Foundations for Growth with multi-year financial targets for growth and improved profitability for the three-year period ending December 31, 2023. As part of this initiative, we continue to review the need to consolidate facilities, strategically reduce operating expenses and incentivize our sales force to focus on products that will improve our financial performance. Our dedication to the Foundations for Growth program has helped offset inflationary cost pressures in certain raw materials, shipping, and freight expenses. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table sets forth certain operational data as a percentage of sales for the years indicated: 

2022 2021 2020 Net sales 100 100 100 Gross profit 45.1 45.2 41.6 Selling, general and administrative expenses 29.8 31.2 30.9 Research and development expenses 6.6 6.6 6.0 Legal settlement 0.9 1.9 Impairment charges 0.2 0.4 3.8 Contingent consideration expense (benefit) 0.4 0.3 (0.8) Acquired in-process research and development expense 0.6 0.0 Income (loss) from operations 7.6 5.7 (0.2) Income (loss) before income taxes 7.2 5.0 (1.4) Net income (loss) 6.5 4.5 (1.0) Sales Listed below are the sales by product category within each operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, other than percentage changes): Change 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Cardiovascular Peripheral Intervention 8.6 439,810 18.6 405,116 (2.7) 341,568 Cardiac Intervention 7.0 343,186 14.6 320,641 (8.2) 279,671 Custom Procedural Solutions (1.9) 190,194 (4.6) 193,942 8.5 203,196 OEM 17.4 145,034 12.5 123,528 (6.9) 109,767 Total 7.2 1,118,224 11.7 1,043,227 (2.8) 934,202 Endoscopy Endoscopy Devices 3.9 32,757 6.2 31,524 (12.4) 29,673 Total 7.1 1,150,981 11.5 1,074,751 (3.1) 963,875 Cardiovascular Sales. Our cardiovascular sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.118 billion, up 7.2 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 of 1.043 billion. Sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were favorably affected by increased sales of: (a) Peripheral intervention products, which increased by 34.7 million, or 8.6 , from the corresponding period of 2021. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our access, embolotherapy, and radar localization products. (b) Cardiac intervention products, which increased by 22.5 million, or 7.0 , from the corresponding period of 2021. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our intervention, cardiac rhythm management/electrophysiology CRM/EP ), and angiography products, partially offset by a decrease in sales of our fluid management products. (c) OEM products, which increased by 21.5 million, or 17.4 from the corresponding period of 2021. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our access, angiography, fluid management, intervention, coating products and kits, partially offset by a decrease in sales of our CRM/EP products. 
 The foregoing increase in sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was partially offset by decreased sales of: 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 (d) Custom procedural solutions products, which decreased by (3.7) million, or (1.9) from the corresponding period of 2021. This decrease was driven primarily by decreased sales of our critical care products , offset partially by increased sales of trays. 
 Our cardiovascular sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 1.043 billion, up 11.7 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 of 934.2 million. Sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were favorably affected by increased sales of: (a) Peripheral intervention products, which increased by 63.5 million, or 18.6 , from the corresponding period of 2020. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our radar localization, embolotherapy, drainage, biopsy, angiography, access and intervention products . (b) Cardiac intervention products, which increased by 41.0 million, or 14.6 , from the corresponding period of 2020. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our intervention, fluid management (including our Medallion Syringes, which saw increased demand due to COVID-19 vaccination efforts) and angiography products. (c) OEM products, which increased by 13.8 million, or 12.5 from the corresponding period of 2020. This increase was driven primarily by sales of our CRM/EP, angiography products and kits. 
 The foregoing increase in sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 was partially offset by decreased sales of: (d) Custom procedural solutions products, which decreased by (9.3) million, or (4.6) from the corresponding period of 2020. This decrease was driven primarily by decreased sales of our critical care products (including a (15.9) million decrease in Cultura nasopharyngeal swab and test kit sales) and trays, offset partially by sales of kits . 
 Endoscopy Sales. Our endoscopy sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 32.8 million, up 3.9 , when compared to sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 31.5 million. Sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were favorably affected by increased sales of our Elation Balloon Dilator and other stents, partially offset by a decrease in sales of our EndoMAXX fully covered esophageal stent. Our endoscopy sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 31.5 million, up 6.2 , when compared to sales for the corresponding period in 2020 of 29.7 million. Sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were favorably affected by increased sales of our Elation Balloon Dilator and our EndoMAXX fully covered esophageal stent . Geographic Sales Sales trends for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were influenced by the incidence and timing of COVID-19 infections and the associated governmental and patient responses, which varied between countries and regions in both the current and prior-year periods. Listed below are sales by geography for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands, other than percentage changes): 

Change 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 United States 6.8 650,559 10.7 608,878 (4.5) 550,061 International 7.4 500,422 12.6 465,873 (1.3) 413,814 Total 7.1 1,150,981 11.5 1,074,751 (3.1) 963,875 United States Sales: U.S. sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 650.6 million, or 56.5 of net sales, up 6.8 when compared to 2021. The increase in our domestic sales in 2022 was driven primarily by our U.S. direct, sensors and OEM businesses. U.S. sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 608.9 million, or 56.7 of net sales, up 10.7 when compared to 2020. The increase in our domestic sales in 2021 was driven primarily by our U.S. direct and OEM businesses. International Sales . International sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 500.4 million, or 43.5 of net sales, up 7.4 when compared to 2021. The increase in our international sales during 2022 was primarily a result of higher sales 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 in APAC, which increased 13.3 million or 5.9 , higher sales in EMEA, which increased 11.4 million or 5.5 , and higher rest of world sales which increased 9.9 million or 30.8 , compared to the corresponding period of 2021. International sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 465.9 million, or 43.3 of net sales, up 12.6 when compared to 2020. The increase in our international sales during 2021 was primarily a result of higher sales in APAC, which increased 12.8 or 25.9 million, higher sales in EMEA, which increased 11.8 or 21.7 million, and higher rest of world sales which increased 16.2 or 4.5 million, compared to the corresponding period of 2020. Our international sales are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the natural currency of a foreign country and the U.S. Dollar. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, calculated by using the applicable average foreign exchange rates for the prior year decreased sales (2.2) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and increased sales 1.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. Gross Profit Our gross profit as a percentage of sales was 45.1 , 45.2 , and 41.6 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily due to less favorable manufacturing variances and higher freight costs as a percentage of sales, partially offset by more favorable changes in standard cost and product mix, decreased intangible amortization expense as a percentage of sales, and lower obsolescence expense, among other factors. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2021, as compared to 2020, was primarily due to decreased amortization expense associated with acquisitions 42.5 million in 2021 compared to 50.7 million in 2020), changes in product mix, improvements in manufacturing variances, and decreased obsolescence expense as a percentage of sales, partially offset by higher shipping and freight costs, among other factors. Operating Expenses Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Our selling, general and administrative SG A expenses increased 6.8 million, or 2.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 38.0 million, or 12.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. SG A expenses as a percentage of sales were 29.8 , 31.2 and 30.9 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to an increase in labor-related costs, including a 6.6 million increase for severance associated with restructuring and site closures, and higher travel related expenses as restrictions from the pandemic continued to decline; partially offset by a decrease of approximately 6 million for contract termination costs incurred in 2021 to renegotiate certain terms of our September 1, 2017 share purchase agreement with IntelliMedical Technologies Pty. Ltd. IntelliMedical ). In addition, f or the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 1.0 million of expense in connection with the negotiated settlement of a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the District of Utah against Merit, our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and certain of our directors. The increase in SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily related to labor-related costs, which increased due primarily to higher commissions and bonus expense in the current-year period, in contrast to temporary salary cuts and furloughs in 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, w e incurred approximately 6 million of contract termination costs in SG A to renegotiate certain terms of our September 1, 2017 share purchase agreement with IntelliMedical and 18.6 million of corporate transformation and restructuring costs, including consulting charges, in connection with our Foundations for Growth program . Research and Development Expenses . Our research and development R D expenses as a percentage of sales were 6.6 , 6.6 and 6.0 for the years ended December 31 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. R D expenses increased by 4.3 million or 6.0 to 75.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 71.2 million in 2021. The increase in R D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to labor-related costs consistent with an increase in headcount. We also incurred increased outside service and consulting costs due to higher costs from clinical trials and the implementation of the MDR in the European Union. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 R D expenses increased by 13.7 million or 23.8 to 71.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 57.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in R D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily related to labor-related costs, which increased due to higher bonus expense in the current-year period, in contrast to temporary salary cuts and furloughs in the prior year. We also incurred increased clinical expenses for certain R D projects (including our Wrapsody AV Access Efficacy Study) and higher expenses related to implementation of the MDR in the European Union . Legal Settlement . For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded approximately 10 million of net expense in connection with an agreement in principle to settle the securities class action lawsuit in December 2019 against Merit, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Central District of California (the Class Action Litigation ). This expense includes 18.25 million of settlement related costs, net of 8.2 million of insurance proceeds . For the year ended December 31, 2020, w e recorded 18.7 million of expense in connection with a settlement agreement with the United States Department of Justice DOJ to resolve the DOJ s investigation of certain marketing and promotional practices. Impairment Charges . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges of 2.2 million. These impairments included 1.7 million of intangible assets for our divestiture of STD Pharmaceutical Products Limited STD Pharmaceutical business acquired in our August 2019 acquisition of Fibrovein Holdings and 0.5 million impairment of our equity investment in XableCath, Inc. as this business ceased operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we recorded impairment charges of 4.3 million. These impairments included 1.6 million of intangible asset and 1.3 million of property and equipment due to the planned discontinuance of the Advocate Peripheral Angioplasty Balloon product line, sold under our license agreements with ArraVasc Limited ArraVasc and 1.4 million of impairments of certain right-of-use ROU operating lease assets due to site consolidation decisions and changes in our projected cash flows for the underlying lease assets. For the year ended December 31, 2020 we recorded impairment charges of 36.5 million, which included 1.8 million related to certain ROU operating lease assets and property and equipment, 6.0 million related to equity investments and purchase options, and 28.7 million related to certain acquired intangible assets, which included a partial impairment charge of 8.2 million of intangible assets from our acquisition of STD Pharmaceutical, a partial impairment charge of 8.0 million of intangible assets from our acquisition of certain assets from Laurane Medical S.A.S, a partial impairment charge of 4.8 million related to our license agreements with ArraVasc, and other intangible asset impairments charges of 7.7 million related to intangible assets from our acquisition of certain assets from DirectACCESS Medical, LLC, in-process technology intangible assets of Sontina Medical LLC acquired in connection with our acquisition of certain divested assets from BD, and a customer list intangible asset from our acquisition of ITL Healthcare Pty Ltd ITL ). Contingent Consideration Expense (Benefit) . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded 4.6 million, 3.2 million and (8.0) million, respectively, of net contingent consideration expense (benefit) from changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration obligations stemming from our previously disclosed business acquisitions. The expense (benefit) in each fiscal year relates to changes in the probability and timing of achieving certain revenue and operational milestones, as well as expense for the passage of time. Acquired In-process Research and Development . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred in-process research and development charges of 6.7 million p rimarily associated with our acquisition of Restore Endosystems, LLC Restore Endosystems ). We did not incur in-process research and development charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. We incurred 0.3 million for in-process research and development associated with various asset acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Income (Loss) Our operating profit by operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands): Operating Income (Loss) 2022 2021 2020 Cardiovascular 80,946 53,415 (7,042) Endoscopy 6,617 7,501 5,480 Total operating income (loss) 87,563 60,916 (1,562) Cardiovascular Operating Income (Loss). Our cardiovascular operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 80.9 million, compared to cardiovascular operating income of 53.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cardiovascular operating income was primarily related to higher sales, decreased legal settlement costs, including 10 million in 2021 in connection with an agreement in principle to settle a securities class action lawsuit, and decreased impairment charges within our cardiovascular operating segment 2.2 million in 2022 compared to 4.3 million in 2021), partially offset by increased labor-related and travel costs, and increased contingent consideration expense 4.6 million in 2022, compared to 3.2 million in 2021). Our cardiovascular operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 53.4 million, compared to cardiovascular operating loss of (7.0) million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase in cardiovascular operating income was primarily related to higher sales and increased gross margin percentage, decreased legal settlement costs 10 million in 2021, compared to 18.7 million in 2020) and decreased impairment charges within our cardiovascular operating segment 4.3 million in 2021 compared to 36.5 million in 2020), partially offset by increased labor-related costs, approximately 6 million of contract termination costs to renegotiate certain terms of our share purchase agreement with IntelliMedical, increased corporate transformation costs, including consulting charges, in connection with our Foundations for Growth program and increased contingent consideration 3.2 million of expense in 2021, compared to a benefit of (8.0) million in 2020). Endoscopy Operating Income. Our endoscopy operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.6 million, compared to operating income of 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in endoscopy operating income relative to 2021 was primarily due to decreased gross margin percentage as a result of changes in product mix and higher shipping costs and higher labor-related costs, partially offset by higher sales. Our endoscopy operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 7.5 million, compared to operating income of 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase in endoscopy operating income relative to 2020 was primarily due to higher sales and increased gross margin percentage, partially offset by increased labor-related costs. Other Income (Expense) Our other expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 4.9 million, 7.0 million, and 11.7 million, respectively. The decrease in other expense for 2022 compared to 2021 was principally the result of an increase in other income associated with realized and unrealized foreign currency gain (loss), partially offset by an increase in interest expense associated with rising interest rates and an increase in other expense related to the divestiture of the STD Pharmaceutical business. The decrease in other expense for 2021 compared to 2020 was principally the result of decreased interest expense due to lower average debt balances and a lower average interest rate during 2021 partially offset by a gain of 0.5 million on the sale of the assets associated with our Hypotube product line in 2020 . Effective Tax Rate Our provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was a tax expense (benefit) of 8.1 million, 5.5 million and (3.4) million, respectively, which resulted in an effective income tax rate of 9.8 , 10.1 , and 25.6 , respectively. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 a benefit from the change in foreign withholding taxes on unremitted foreign earnings due to the restructuring of our foreign entities, more foreign tax credits being utilized, as well as additional benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) deduction. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily the result of a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, additional benefit from stock-based compensation awards, as well as more foreign tax credits being utilized. Net Income (Loss) Our net income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 74.5 million, 48.5 million, and (9.8) million, respectively. The increase in net income for 2022, when compared to 2021, was primarily related to higher sales, decreased legal settlement costs primarily due to the 10.0 million settlement in 2021 in connection with an agreement in principle to settle a securities class action lawsuit, and decreased impairment charges 2.2 million in 2022 compared to 4.3 million in 2021); partially offset by higher SG A expenses due to higher labor-related and travel costs , as well as increased contingent consideration expense of 4.6 million in 2022 compared to 3.2 million in 2021. The increase in net income for 2021, when compared to 2020, was primarily related to higher sales and increased gross margin percentage, as we observed an operating environment with fewer COVID-19 related restrictions throughout the year. Legal settlement costs decreased to 10 million in 2021, compared to 18.7 million in 2020, and impairment charges decreased to 4.3 million in 2021 compared to 36.5 million in 2020. This was partially offset by higher SG A expenses due to higher labor-related costs, 6 million of contract termination costs to renegotiate certain terms of an acquisition agreement, increased corporate transformation costs, including consulting charges, in connection with our Foundations for Growth program , as well as contingent consideration expense of 3.2 million in 2021 compared to a benefit of (8.0) million in 2020 . Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Commitments and Contractual Obligations Our most significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 included long-term debt of 198.2 million, of which 11.3 million is recorded in current liabilities, interest payments on this debt, operating lease liabilities of 70.7 million, of which 11.0 million is recorded in current liabilities, and contingent consideration liabilities of 18.1 million, of which 15.8 million is recorded in current liabilities. Additional information about these obligations is contained in Notes 8, 15 and 17 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. Cash Flows At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 60.6 million and 67.8 million respectively, of which 49.6 million and 55.7 million, respectively, were held by foreign subsidiaries. We do not consider our foreign earnings to be permanently reinvested. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 2.1 million and 1.9 million respectively, of our cash and cash equivalents represents restricted cash for the payment of certain import and other taxes for our subsidiary in China. Cash held by our subsidiary in China is subject to local laws and regulations that require government approval for the transfer of such funds to entities located outside of China. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, of 26.1 million and 28.5 million, respectively, held by our subsidiary in China. Cash flows provided by operating activities. We generated cash from operating activities of 114.3 million, 147.2 million and 165.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 32.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Significant changes in operating assets and liabilities affecting cash flows during these years included: Net income was 74.5 million and 48.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This improvement in net income was partially offset by an increase in the non-cash adjustment for deferred income taxes within the statement of cash flows of (14.9) million and (4.6) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Cash (used for) accounts receivable was (15.1) million and (8.6) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to increases in sales volume, Cash provided by (used for) other receivables was 4.2 million and (10.4) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to the collection of approximately 8.2 million of insurance proceeds in connection with the consolidated securities class action lawsuit we settled in April 2022, Cash (used for) inventories was (47.9) million and (25.2) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to efforts to normalize inventory levels as well as build bridge inventory for production line transfers and increases in safety stock due to vendor supply delays, and Cash provided by (used for) accrued expenses was (16.4) million and 36.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to payment of a legal settlement accrual of 18.25 million in 2022 associated with the agreement in principle to settle the Class Action Litigation and increased labor-related cost accruals associated with higher commissions and bonus expense in the prior-year period, among other items. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Significant changes in operating assets and liabilities affecting cash flows during these years included: Net income (loss) was 48.5 million and (9.8) million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This improvement in net income was offset by a decrease in the non-cash adjustment for the write-off of certain intangible and other long-term assets within the statement of cash flows of 4.4 million and 36.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash provided by (used for) accounts receivable was (8.6) million and 10.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to increases in sales volume, Cash provided by (used for) other receivables was (10.4) million and 1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due primarily to an increase in an insurance receivable associated with the agreement in principle to settle the Class Action Litigation, Cash provided by (used for) inventories was (25.2) million and 29.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due primarily to efforts to manage inventory levels to support the growth in sales and reduced production in the prior-year period during the economic downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Cash provided by accrued expenses was 36.5 million and 4.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to increased labor-related cost accruals associated with higher commissions and bonus expense in the current-year period and a legal settlement accrual of 18.25 million in 2021 associated with the agreement in principle to settle the Class Action Litigation, among other items. Cash flows used in investing activities. We used cash in investing activities of 57.4 million, 37.2 million, and 58.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We invested in capital expenditures for property and equipment of 45.0 million, 27.9 million, and 46.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures in each period were primarily related to investment in property and equipment to support development and production of our products. Historically, we have incurred significant expenses in connection with facility construction, production automation, product development and the introduction of new products. We anticipate that we will spend approximately 55 to 60 million in 2023 for property and equipment. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Cash outflows invested in acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 8.3 million and were primarily related to our 3.0 million upfront payment in our purchase of Restore Endosystems, our 2.5 million payment in our purchase of BioTrace Medical, Inc., and our additional equity investment in FluidX Medical Technology, Inc. Fluidx of 1.4 million. Cash outflows invested in acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 7.2 million and were primarily related to 4.1 for the settlement of deferred payments and the working capital adjustment associated with our acquisition of KA Medical, LLC KA Medical completed in November 2020 and 2.7 million for an equity investment in FluidX . Cash outflows invested in acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2020 were 11.0 million and were primarily related to our acquisition of KA Medical. For further discussion, refer to Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. Cash flows used in financing activities. Cash used in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 60.3 million, 98.4 million, and 95.7 million, respectively. In 2022 we decreased our net borrowings under our Third Amended Credit Agreement by 44.9 million and paid contingent consideration of 32.9 million, which is classified as a financing activity, principally related to our acquisitions of Cianna Medical Inc. Cianna Medical and Vascular Insights LLC Vascular Insights ). In 2021 we decreased our net borrowings under our Third Amended Credit Agreement by 108.5 million and paid contingent consideration of 10.7 million, which is classified as a financing activity, principally related to our acquisition of Vascular Insights. In 2020 we decreased our net borrowings by 88.4 million and paid contingent consideration of 13.1 million, which is classified as a financing activity, principally related to our acquisition of Cianna Medical. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 198.2 million and issued letter of credit guarantees of 3.2 million under the Third Amended Credit Agreement, with additional available borrowings of approximately 523 million, based on the leverage ratio required pursuant to the Third Amended Credit Agreement. Our interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was a fixed rate of 2.71 on 75 million as a result of an interest rate swap and a variable floating rate of 5.38 on 123.2 million. Our interest rate as of December 31, 2021 was a fixed rate of 2.71 on 75 million as a result of an interest rate swap and a variable floating rate of 1.10 on 168.1 million. The foregoing fixed rates are exclusive of potential future changes in the applicable margin. See Note 8 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for additional details regarding the Third Amended Credit Agreement, our long-term debt and our interest rate swaps. We currently believe that our existing cash balances, anticipated future cash flows from operations and borrowings under the Third Amended Credit Agreement will be adequate to fund our current and currently planned future operations for the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. In the event we pursue and complete significant transactions or acquisitions in the future, additional funds will likely be required to meet our strategic needs, which may require us to raise additional funds in the debt or equity markets. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report. While these significant accounting policies affect the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, the SEC has requested that all registrants address their most critical accounting policies. The SEC has indicated that a critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the representation of the registrant s financial condition and results and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We base our estimates on past experience and on various other assumptions our management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results will differ and may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Additionally, changes in accounting estimates could occur in the future from period to period. The following paragraphs identify our most critical accounting policies: Inventory Obsolescence. Our management reviews inventory quantities on hand and records provisions for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventory. Based on this review, we provide adjustments for any slow-moving finished good products or raw materials that we believe will expire prior to being sold or used to produce a finished good and any 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 products that are unmarketable. This review of inventory quantities for unmarketable and/or slow moving products is based on forecasted product demand derived from our historical experience of product sales and production raw material usage. If market conditions become less favorable than those projected by our management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded obsolescence expense of approximately 9.8 million, 10.9 million, and 14.1 million, respectively, and wrote off approximately 10.2 million, 11.6 million, and 8.9 million, respectively. Based on this historical trend, we believe that our inventory balances as of December 31, 2022 have been accurately adjusted for any unmarketable and/or slow moving products that may expire prior to being sold. Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets. We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. We base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination on valuations that use information and assumptions that a market participant would use, including assumptions for estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life, and other relevant assumptions. We test our goodwill balances for impairment annually as of July 1, or whenever impairment indicators arise. When impairment indicators are identified, we may elect to perform an optional qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units has fallen below their carrying value. During our annual impairment test performed as of July 1, we utilized four reporting units in evaluating goodwill for impairment using a quantitative assessment, which uses a combination of a guideline public company market-based approach and a discounted cash flow income-based approach. The quantitative assessment considers whether the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, in which case an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value. This analysis requires significant judgment, including estimation of the amount, timing and duration of future cash flows, which is based on internal forecasts, and a determination of a discount rate based on our weighted average cost of capital. During our annual test of goodwill balances in 2022, which was completed during the third quarter of 2022, we determined that the fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded the carrying amount by a significant amount. We evaluate long-lived assets, including amortizing intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We perform the impairment analysis at the asset group for which the lowest level of identifiable cash flows is largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. We first compare undiscounted cash flows to the carrying amount of the asset group to determine if impairment exists, and then determine the fair value of our amortizing assets based on estimated future cash flows discounted back to their present value using a discount rate that reflects the risk profiles of the underlying activities. This analysis requires similar significant judgments as those discussed above regarding goodwill. In-process technology intangible assets, which are not subject to amortization until projects reach commercialization, are assessed for impairment at least annually and more frequently if events occur that would indicate a potential reduction in the fair value of the assets below their carrying value. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we identified indicators of impairment associated with certain acquired intangible assets within the asset groups based on our qualitative assessment. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we recorded total impairment charges associated with intangible assets in our cardiovascular segment of 1.7 million, 1.6 million, and 28.7 million, respectively. These expenses are reflected within impairment charges in our consolidated statements of income (loss). The primary factors driving impairment of certain intangible assets were planned closure and restructuring activities and uncertainty about future product development and commercialization associated with certain acquired technologies, due in part to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for additional details regarding impairments of intangible assets. Contingent Consideration. Contingent consideration is an obligation by the buyer to transfer additional assets or equity interests to the former owner upon reaching certain performance targets. Certain of our business combinations involve the potential for the payment of future contingent consideration, generally based on a percentage of future product sales or upon attaining specified future revenue or other relevant milestones. In connection with a business combination, any contingent consideration is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date based upon the consideration expected to be 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 transferred in the future. We base the fair value of contingent consideration obligations acquired in a business combination on valuations that use information and assumptions that a market participant would use, including assumptions for estimated revenue growth rates, discount rates, probabilities of achieving regulatory approval, performance, or revenue-based milestones and other relevant factors. We re-measure the estimated liability each quarter and record changes in the estimated fair value through operating expense in our consolidated statements of income (loss). Significant increases or decreases in our estimates could result in changes to the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration liability, as well as the result of changes in the timing and amount of revenue estimates and changes in the discount rate or periods. Our revenue milestone contingent liability associated with the November 2018 acquisition of Cianna Medical includes a sales growth multiplier, and our revenue milestones for the acquisition of Brightwater Medical, Inc. includes payment thresholds. These and other similar contract features of our contingent consideration liabilities create sensitivity regarding the occurrence, timing, and amount of future payments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized contingent consideration expense (benefit) of 4.6 million, 3.2 million and (8.0) million, respectively, from changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration obligations stemming from our previously disclosed business acquisitions. Changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities were primarily attributable to changes in anticipated sales growth in the acquired products and the anticipated timing of milestone payments. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for additional details regarding our contingent liabilities. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Currency Exchange Rate Risk Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in, and our principal currency is, the U.S. Dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a portion of our net sales 394.1 million, representing 34.2 of our aggregate net sales), was attributable to sales that were denominated in foreign currencies. All other international sales were denominated in U.S. Dollars. Our principal market risk relates to changes in the value of the Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) and Euro (EUR) relative to the U.S. Dollar (USD), with limited market risk relating to various other currencies. In general, a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against CNY has a negative effect on our operating income. Our Euro-denominated expenses associated with our European operations (manufacturing sites, a distribution facility and sales representatives) provide a natural hedge for Euro-denominated revenues. Accordingly, a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro will generally have a positive effect on our operating income. We forecast our net exposure related to sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had entered into foreign currency forward contracts, which qualified as cash flow hedges, with aggregate notional amounts of 87.8 million and 123.0 million, respectively. We also forecast our net exposure in various receivables and payables to fluctuations in the value of various currencies, and we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate that exposure. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had entered into foreign currency forward contracts, which were not designated as hedging instruments, related to those balance sheet accounts with aggregate notional amounts of 92.4 million and 86.0 million, respectively. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of all currency exchange rate derivative contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 indicates that, if the U.S. Dollar strengthened or weakened by 10 against all currencies, it would have the following impact on the fair value of these contracts (in thousands): 

2022 2021 10 Strengthening 4,660 3,470 10 Weakening (4,660) (3,470) Gains or losses on the fair value of derivative contracts would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying hedged transaction or net exposure. These offsetting gains and losses are not reflected above. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for additional discussion of our foreign currency forward contracts. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Risk As discussed in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report, as of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 198.2 million under the Third Amended Credit Agreement. Accordingly, our earnings and after-tax cash flow are affected by changes in interest rates. On December 23, 2019, we entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap with Wells Fargo Bank, with a notional amount of 75 million, to fix the one-month LIBOR rate at 1.71 for the period from July 6, 2021 to July 31, 2024. This interest rate swap is intended to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations and was not entered into for speculative purposes. Excluding the amount that is subject to a fixed rate under the interest rate swap and assuming the current level of borrowings remained the same, it is estimated that our interest expense and income before income taxes would change by approximately 1.2 million annually for each one percentage point change in the average interest rate under these borrowings. Certain of the interest rates applicable to our Third Amended Credit Agreement and to hedging instruments we have purchased to offset interest rate risk under our Third Amended Credit Agreement, are LIBOR-based. We anticipate replacement rates will be identified, as provided for in our Third Amended Credit Agreement, as LIBOR-based rates become unavailable. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Inventories - Provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, at approximate costs determined on a first-in, first-out method, or net realizable value. The Company reviews inventories on hand and records provisions based on estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories. The inventories valuation reviews include an assessment of future product demand based on historical sales and raw material usage and product expiration. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s inventories were 266.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded obsolescence expense of approximately 9.8 million. We identified the provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories as a critical audit matter because of management s significant judgment and estimates in determining the provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories primarily around future product demand based on historical sales. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort . How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to management s estimates of the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories. We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate the provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories by comparing actual write-downs of inventories to management s historical estimates. We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories, considering future product demand based on historical sales and raw material usage and product expiration and the underlying assumptions. We tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the Company s calculations of the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories, including historical usage, quantities on hand, expiration dates, and pricing. We assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the calculations of the provision for estimated excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories by developing an independent expectation and comparing our independent expectation to the results of the Company s calculations. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculations of excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories. 
 /s/ February 24, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) 

December 31, December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses 2022 and 2021 Other receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid income taxes Income tax refund receivables Total current assets Property and equipment: Land and land improvements Buildings Manufacturing equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction-in-progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment net Other assets: Intangible assets: Developed technology net of accumulated amortization 2022 and 2021 Other net of accumulated amortization 2022 and 2021 Goodwill Deferred income tax assets Right-of-use operating lease assets Other assets Total other assets Total assets See notes to consolidated financial statements. (continued) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) 

December 31, December 31, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 2022 2021 Current liabilities: Trade payables Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Short-term operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income tax liabilities Long-term income taxes payable Liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits Deferred compensation payable Deferred credits Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term obligations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 - and December 31, 2021 - Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. (concluded) 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Legal settlement Impairment charges Contingent consideration expense (benefit) ) Acquired in-process research and development Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense) net ) ) Total other expense net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per common share Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Cash flow hedges ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands) 

Common Stock Retained Accumulated Other Shares Amount Earnings Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total BALANCE January 1, 2020 ) Net loss ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13, Credit Losses ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Options exercised Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plans Shares surrendered in exchange for payment of payroll tax liabilities ) ) ) Shares surrendered in exchange for exercise of stock options ) ) ) BALANCE December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Options exercised Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plans Shares issued from time-vested restricted stock units Shares surrendered in exchange for payment of payroll tax liabilities ) ) ) Shares surrendered in exchange for exercise of stock options ) ) ) BALANCE December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Options exercised Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plans Shares issued from time-vested restricted stock units Shares surrendered in exchange for payment of payroll tax liabilities ) ) ) Shares surrendered in exchange for exercise of stock options ) ) ) BALANCE December 31, 2022 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss (gain) on disposition of business ) Loss on sale or abandonment of property and equipment Write-off of certain intangible assets and other long-term assets Acquired in-process research and development Amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets Adjustments related to contingent consideration liabilities ) Amortization of deferred credits ) ) ) Amortization of long-term debt issuance costs Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Trade receivables ) ) Other receivables ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Prepaid income taxes ) ) Income tax refund receivables ) Other assets ) ) Trade payables Accrued expenses ) Income taxes payable ) ) Liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Deferred compensation payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term obligations ) Total adjustments Net cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures for: Property and equipment ) ) ) Intangible assets ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Proceeds (payments) from disposition of business ) Cash received for settlement of note receivable Issuance of note receivable ) Cash paid in acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. (continued) 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Contingent payments related to acquisitions ) ) ) Payment of taxes related to an exchange of common stock ) ) ) Net cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: Beginning of period End of period RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash reported in prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for: Interest (net of capitalized interest of , and , respectively) Income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable Current note receivable converted to equity investment Proceeds from sale of business in other receivables Acquisition purchases in accrued expenses and other long-term obligations Merit common stock surrendered , , and shares, respectively) in exchange for exercise of stock options Right-of-use operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities See notes to consolidated financial statements. (concluded) 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 operating segments: cardiovascular and endoscopy. Our cardiovascular segment consists of cardiology and radiology medical device products which assist in diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease and other non-vascular diseases and includes embolotherapeutic, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, critical care, and interventional oncology and spine devices. Our endoscopy segment consists of gastroenterology and pulmonology devices which assist in the palliative treatment of expanding esophageal, tracheobronchial and biliary strictures caused by malignant tumors. Within those operating segments, we offer products focused in product categories: peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, original equipment manufacturer OEM and endoscopy. We manufacture our products in plants located in the U.S., Mexico, The Netherlands, Ireland, France, Brazil and Singapore. We export sales to dealers and have direct or modified direct sales forces in the U.S., Canada, Western Europe, Australia, Brazil, Japan, China, Malaysia, South Korea, UAE, India, New Zealand and South Africa (see Note 13). Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The following is a summary of the more significant of such policies. million, respectively, of our cash and cash equivalents represents restricted cash for the payment of certain import and other taxes for our subsidiary in China. reporting units in evaluating goodwill for impairment 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Manufacturing equipment - Furniture and fixtures - Land improvements - Leasehold improvements - Depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We have recorded a deferred compensation payable of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect the liability to our employees under this plan. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred compensation plan assets Long-term notes receivable, net Other Total We analyze our investments in privately held companies to determine if they should be accounted for using the equity method based on our ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investment. Our share of earnings associated with equity method investments is reported within other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of income (loss). Investments not accounted for under the equity method of accounting are accounted for at cost minus impairment, if applicable, plus or minus changes in valuation resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments. Other long-term obligations Total In connection with a business combination, any contingent consideration is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date based upon the consideration expected to be transferred in the future. We re-measure the estimated liability each quarter based upon changes in revenue estimates, changes in the probability of achieving relevant milestones and changes in the discount rate or expected period of payment. Changes in the estimated fair value are recorded through operating expense in our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million, respectively (see Note 12). 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 operating segments: cardiovascular and endoscopy. Our cardiovascular segment consists of product categories: peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, and OEM. Within these product categories, we sell a variety of products, including cardiology and radiology devices (which assist in diagnosing and treating coronary arterial disease, peripheral vascular disease and other non-vascular diseases), as well as embolotherapeutic, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, critical care, breast cancer localization and guidance, biopsy, and interventional oncology and spine devices. Our endoscopy segment consists of gastroenterology and pulmonology devices which assist in the palliative treatment of expanding esophageal, tracheobronchial and biliary strictures caused by malignant tumors. Cardiac Intervention Custom Procedural Solutions OEM Total Endoscopy Endoscopy Devices Total 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 million. W e are also required to pay a total of annual royalty payments between and of net sales, dependent on net sales goal achievement, u pon achievement of the first device sold in the United States . We accounted for this transaction as an asset purchase. We recorded the amount paid upon closing as a developed technology intangible asset, which we are amortizing over . On April 30, 2022, we acquired the Restore Endosystems Bifurcated Stent System pursuant to the terms of a unit purchase agreement we executed with all of the members of Restore Endosystems. Subject to the terms and conditions of the unit purchase agreement, we paid million in cash at closing. We also accrued million of other long-term obligations, which represents the fair value of separate million payments which are payable no later than two and following the closing of the acquisition, respectively, or earlier upon the achievement of specified milestones. We will impute interest on these liabilities with the passage of time. We have accounted for this transaction as an asset purchase and recorded million of acquired in-process research and development expense because the technological feasibility of the underlying research and development project has not yet been reached and such technology has no identified future alternative use as of the date of acquisition. During April 2022, we paid million to acquire shares of series A preferred stock of Fluidx Medical Technology, Inc.( Fluidx ), owner of certain technology proposed to be used in the development of embolic and adhesive agents for use in arterial, venous, vascular graft and cardiovascular applications inside and outside the heart and related appendages. We had previously purchased, and continue to hold, million of participating preferred shares of Fluidx. Our investments have been recorded as equity investments accounted for at cost and reflected within other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets because we are not able to exercise significant influence over the operations of Fluidx. Our total current investment in Fluidx represents an ownership of approximately of its outstanding capital stock. 2021 Acquisitions During September 2021, we paid million to acquire series A preferred shares of Fluidx. We had previously purchased million of participating preferred shares during 2019. Our investment has been recorded as an equity investment accounted for at cost and reflected within other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets because we are not able to exercise significant influence over the operations of Fluidx. Our total current investment in Fluidx represents an ownership of of the outstanding stock. 2020 Acquisitions On November 6, 2020, we entered into a unit purchase agreement to acquire KA Medical, LLC KA Medical ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the unit purchase agreement, we paid million in cash, net of cash acquired, including adjustments for working capital and deferred payments of million. KA Medical developed the Micro Plug Set, a self-expanding nitinol vascular occlusion device, which is FDA-cleared and CE marked. We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination. The sales and results of operations related to the acquisition have been included in our cardiovascular segment since the acquisition date and were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Acquisition-related costs associated with the KA Medical acquisition, which were included in selling, general and 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Other receivables Inventories Property and equipment Other long-term assets Intangible assets Developed technology Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Trade payables ) Accrued expenses ) Total liabilities assumed ) Total net assets acquired We are amortizing the developed technology intangible asset acquired from KA Medical over . The goodwill consists largely of the synergies expected from combining operations and is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. We do not deem the pro forma effects to our consolidated results of operations of the KA Medical acquisition to be material. Work-in-process Raw materials Total inventories Effect of foreign exchange ) ) Additions and adjustments as the result of acquisitions Goodwill balance at December 31 Total accumulated goodwill impairment losses aggregated to million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We did t have any goodwill impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The total goodwill balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is related to our cardiovascular segment. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ) Distribution agreements ) License agreements ) Trademarks ) Customer lists ) Total ) 

December 31, 2021 Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Carrying Amount Amortization Amount Patents ) Distribution agreements ) License agreements ) Trademarks ) Customer lists ) Total ) Aggregate amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we identified indicators of impairment associated with certain acquired intangible assets based on our qualitative assessment that carrying amounts may not be recoverable, which required us to then complete a quantitative impairment assessment. The primary indicators of impairment were planned closure and restructuring activities and uncertainty about future product development and commercialization associated with certain acquired technologies, due in part to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we recorded total impairment charges related to our intangible assets of million for our divestiture on April 30, 2022 of the STD Pharmaceutical Products Limited STD Pharmaceutical business acquired in our August 2019 acquisition of Fibrovein Holdings Limited. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , we recorded total impairment charges related to our intangible assets of million for the remaining carrying value of ArraVasc license agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2020 , we recorded total impairment charges related to our intangible assets of million which included a partial impairment charge of million of intangible assets from our acquisition of STD Pharmaceutical , a partial impairment charge of million of intangible assets from our acquisition of certain assets from Laurane Medical S.A.S , a partial impairment charge of million related to our license agreements with ArraVasc Limited , and other intangible asset impairments charges of million related to intangible assets from our acquisition of certain assets from DirectACCESS Medical, LLC, in-process technology intangible assets of Sontina Medical LLC 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ) Foreign Total ) ) State Foreign Total current expense Deferred expense (benefit): Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 to pretax income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2022 2021 2020 Computed federal income tax expense (benefit) at applicable statutory rate of ) State income tax benefit ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Tax effect of international items ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) Deferred compensation insurance assets ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Valuation allowance DOJ settlement Remeasurement of state deferred taxes ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses Remeasurement of contingent consideration liabilities ) Other including the effect of graduated rates ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) Accrued compensation expense Inventory differences Net operating loss carryforwards Stock-based compensation expense Operating lease assets Federal R D tax credit UT R D Credit IRC section 174 capitalized R D Other Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Foreign withholding tax ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Reported as: Deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted on the balance sheet by separate tax jurisdictions. Deferred income tax balances reflect the temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. The valuation allowance is primarily related to state credit carryforwards, non-US net operating loss carryforwards, and capital loss carryforwards for which we believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by during the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, which were generated by Cianna Medical, Vascular Access Technologies, Inc., DFINE Inc., and Biosphere Medical, Inc., prior to our acquisition of these companies. These net operating loss carryforwards are subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. If unused million of the NOLs will expire between 2025 and 2037. Of the NOLs incurred post-2017, can be carried forward indefinitely. We anticipate that we will utilize all current net operating loss carryforwards prior to their expiration dates over the next . We utilized a total of million in U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, of which million have no expiration date and million expire at various dates through 2034. Non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards utilized during the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. We do not consider our foreign earnings to be permanently reinvested. Consequently, we have recorded tax expense of , and for foreign withholding taxes on unremitted foreign earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, a tax benefit of million was recorded with respect to the restructuring of our foreign entities and the associated change in foreign withholding taxes on the unremitted foreign earnings. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In our opinion, we have made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years subject to audit. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. In foreign jurisdictions, we are no longer subject to income tax examinations for years before 2016. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the final outcomes of these matters may be different from those which we have reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Such differences could have a material effect on our income tax provision and operating results in the period in which we make such determination. The total liability for unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, including interest and penalties, was million, of which million would favorably impact our effective tax rate if recognized. At December 31, 2022, of the total liability was presented as a reduction to non-current deferred income tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet. The total liability for unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2021, including interest and penalties, was million, of which million would favorably impact our effective tax rate if recognized. At December 31, 2021, million of the total liability was presented as a reduction to non-current deferred income tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued and respectively, in total interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. We account for interest and penalties for unrecognized tax benefits as part of our income tax provision. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our liability for unrecognized tax benefit was increased (decreased) for interest and penalties by , , and ), respectively. We estimate it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months the total liability for unrecognized tax benefits may decrease, including expirations related to statutes of limitation, up to . 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Gross increases (decreases) in tax positions taken in a prior year ) Gross increases in tax positions taken in the current year Lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, ending balance The tabular roll-forward ending balance does not include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. Current portion of contingent liabilities Advances from employees Accrued rebates payable Accrued legal settlement Other accrued expenses Total Revolving credit loans Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term portion Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement On July 31, 2019, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Third Amended Credit Agreement ). The Third Amended Credit Agreement is a syndicated loan agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and other parties. The Third Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates in its entirety our previously outstanding Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and all amendments thereto. The Third Amended Credit Agreement provides for a term loan of million and a revolving credit commitment up to an aggregate amount of million, inclusive of sub-facilities for multicurrency borrowings, standby letters of credit and swingline loans. On July 31, 2024, all principal, interest and other amounts outstanding under the Third Amended Credit Agreement are payable in full. At any time prior to the maturity date, we may repay any amounts owing under all term loans and revolving credit loans in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, other than breakage fees (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement). 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 to 1.0 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (2) to 1.0 Facility Capital Expenditures (3) million 

 (1) Maximum Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement) as of any fiscal quarter end. (2) Minimum ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement and adjusted for certain expenditures) to Consolidated interest expense (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. (3) Maximum level of the aggregate amount of all Facility Capital Expenditures (as defined in the Third Amended Credit Agreement) in any fiscal year. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we were in compliance with all covenants set forth in the Third Amended Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of million and issued letter of credit guarantees of million under the Third Amended Credit Agreement, with additional available borrowings of approximately million, based on the leverage ratio required pursuant to the Third Amended Credit Agreement. Our interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was a fixed rate of on million as a result of an interest rate swap (see Note 9) and a variable floating rate of on million. Our interest rate as of December 31, 2021 was a fixed rate of on million as a result of an interest rate swap and a variable floating rate of on million. The foregoing fixed rates are exclusive of potential future changes in the applicable margin. Certain of the interest rates applicable to our Third Amended Credit Agreement, and applicable to hedging instruments we have purchased to offset interest rate risk under our Third Amended Credit Agreement, are LIBOR-based. We anticipate replacement rates will be identified, as provided for in our Third Amended Credit Agreement, as LIBOR-based rates become unavailable. Future Payments 2024 Total future minimum principal payments 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 million with Wells Fargo Bank to fix the one-month LIBOR rate at . The variable portion of the interest rate swap was tied to the one-month LIBOR rate (the benchmark interest rate). The interest rate swap expired on July 6, 2021. On December 23, 2019, we entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap with a notional amount of million with Wells Fargo Bank to fix the one-month LIBOR rate at for the period from July 6, 2021 to July 31, 2024. The variable portion of the interest rate swap is tied to the one-month LIBOR rate (the benchmark interest rate). On a monthly basis, the interest rates under both the interest rate swap and the underlying debt reset, the swap is settled with the counterparty, and interest is paid. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our interest rate swaps qualified as cash flow hedges. The fair value of our interest rate swap at December 31, 2022 was an asset of million, partially offset by million in deferred taxes. The fair value of our interest rate swaps at December 31, 2021 was a liability of million, partially offset by million in deferred taxes. Foreign Currency Risk . We operate on a global basis and are exposed to the risk that our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To reduce the potential effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements on net earnings, we enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange forward contracts with major financial institutions. Our policy is to enter into foreign currency derivative contracts with maturities of up to . We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to transactions and balances denominated in various currencies, with our most significant exposure related to transactions and balances denominated in Chinese Renminbi and Euros, among others. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We are not subject to any credit risk contingent features related to our derivative contracts, and counterparty risk is managed by allocating derivative contracts among several major financial institutions. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 cash flow foreign currency hedges every month. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had entered into foreign currency forward contracts, which qualified as cash flow hedges, with aggregate notional amounts of million and million, respectively. Derivatives Not Designated as Cash Flow Hedges We forecast our net exposure in various receivables and payables to fluctuations in the value of various currencies, and we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate that exposure. We enter into approximately foreign currency fair value hedges every month. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had entered into foreign currency forward contracts related to those balance sheet accounts with aggregate notional amounts of million and million, respectively. Balance Sheet Presentation of Derivatives. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all derivatives, both those designated as hedging instruments and those that were not designated as hedging instruments, were recorded gross at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. We are not subject to any master netting agreements. Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets Foreign currency forward contracts Other assets (long-term) (Liabilities) Interest rate swaps Other long-term obligations ) Foreign currency forward contracts Accrued expenses ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts Other long-term obligations ) ) Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Balance Sheet Location December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets (Liabilities) Foreign currency forward contracts Accrued expenses ) ) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Income Statement Presentation of Derivatives Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges had the following effects, before income taxes, on AOCI and net earnings in our consolidated statements of income (loss), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): 

Consolidated Statements Amount of Gain/(Loss) of Income reclassified from AOCI Year Ended December 31, Year ended December 31, Location in statements of income 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Revenue ) Cost of sales ) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022, million or million after taxes, was expected to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings in revenue and cost of sales over the succeeding twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, million, or million after taxes, was expected to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings in interest expense over the succeeding twelve months. Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments ) ) See Note 15 for additional information about our derivatives. million, million and million, respectively, and is recorded in cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income (loss). Minimum contractual commitments under royalty agreements to be paid within twelve months of December 31, 2022 were not significant. See Note 15 for discussion of future royalty commitments related to acquisitions. Litigation . In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various claims and litigation matters. T hese proceedings, actions and claims may involve product liability, intellectual property, contract disputes, employment, governmental 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 million. On February 16, 2023, the court held a hearing and announced approval of the settlement, which has the effect of resolving all claims arising from the litigation. The expense associated with the settlement has been reflected in our financial results reported for the year ended December 31, 2022. SEC Inquiry We have received requests from the Division of Enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC seeking the voluntary production of information relating to the business activities of Merit s subsidiary in China, including interactions with hospitals and health care officials in China. We are cooperating with the requests and investigating the matter and, at this time, are unable to predict the scope, timing, significance or outcome of this matter. It is possible that the ultimate resolution of the foregoing matter, or similar matters, if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us, may be materially adverse to our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Legal costs for these matters, such as outside counsel fees and expenses, are charged to expense in the period incurred. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ) Average common shares outstanding Basic EPS ) Average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock awards Total potential shares outstanding Diluted EPS ) Equity awards excluded as the impact was anti-dilutive (1) 

 (1) Does not reflect the impact of incremental repurchases under the treasury stock method. life with a contractual life of . As of December 31, 2022, a total of shares remained available to be issued under the 2018 Incentive Plan. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan . In May 2006, our Board of Directors adopted, and our shareholders approved, the 2006 Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the 2006 Incentive Plan was no longer being used for new equity award grants. However, as of December 31, 2022, options granted under this plan were still outstanding, vesting, and being exercised and will continue to be outstanding until the vesting periods end and the terms of the equity awards expire. Employee Stock Purchase Plan . We have a non-qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which has an expiration date of June 30, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of common stock that remained available to be issued under our non-qualified plan was shares. ESPP participants purchase shares on a quarterly basis at a price equal to of the market price of the common stock at the end of the applicable offering period. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development Nonqualified stock options Selling, general and administrative Nonqualified stock options Performance-based restricted stock units Restricted stock units Cash-settled performance-based share-based awards Liability Awards Total selling, general and administrative Stock-based compensation expense before taxes We recognize stock-based compensation expense (net of a forfeiture rate) for those awards which are expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on our historical experience and expectations about future forfeitures. Nonqualified Stock Options As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, net of expected forfeitures, was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. - - - Expected option term years years - years Expected dividend yield Expected price volatility - - - The average risk-free interest rate is determined using the U.S. Treasury rate in effect as of the date of grant, based on the expected term of the stock option. We determine the expected term of the stock options using the historical exercise behavior of employees. The expected price volatility was determined based upon the historical volatility for our stock. We recognize compensation expense for options on a straight-line basis over the service period, which corresponds to the vesting period. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately , and nonqualified stock option grants were made, respectively, for a total fair value of million, million and million. Cash received from stock option exercises Excess tax benefit from the exercise of stock options 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at December 31 Exercisable Ending vested and expected to vest The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Stock-Settled Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PSUs and Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units RSUs Since 2020, we have granted PSUs to certain of our executive officers. Conversion of PSUs occurs at the end of one , two and performance periods, or after the agreement date, whichever is later. The conversion ratio is based upon attaining targeted levels of free cash flow FCF and relative shareholder return as compared to the Russell 2000 Index rTSR ), as defined in the award agreements. In 2020, our Board of Directors amended PSUs granted in 2020 with a one-year performance period to adjust the performance targets and reduce the maximum FCF multiplier to for the one-year awards, which lowered the potential shares of our common stock to be granted pursuant to the one-year awards by shares. We accounted for this amendment in accordance with ASC 718 as a Type I modification. The payout for each PSU is equal to share of common stock multiplied by a FCF multiplier (between and in the case of the 2020 one-year awards, as amended, or and in the case of all other PSU awards) and a rTSR multiplier (between and ). PSUs convey no shareholder rights unless and until shares are issued in settlement of the award. We use Monte-Carlo simulations to estimate the grant-date fair value of the PSUs linked to total shareholder return. Compensation expense is recognized using the grant-date fair value for the number of shares that are probable of being awarded based on the performance conditions. Each reporting period, this probability assessment is updated, and cumulative catchups are recorded based on the level of FCF that is expected to be achieved. At the end of the performance period, cumulative expense is calculated based on the actual level of FCF achieved. We grant RSUs to our non-employee directors, which are subject to continued service through the vesting date, which is from the date of grant. The expense recognized for RSUs is equal to the closing stock price on the date of grant, which is recognized over the vesting period. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Granted rTSR adjustment (2) Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Nonvested balance at December 31 

 (1) Based on the maximum payout, excluding the impact of the rTSR multiplier. The actual number of shares which vest is determined based on the satisfaction of performance conditions and the application of an rTSR multiplier between and . (2) Represents the application of an rTSR multiplier of to awards vested in 2022 based on the performance of our common stock and the terms of the awards. Maximum units granted (1) (3) Maximum potential shares (1)(2) (3) Weighted average grant date fair value RSUs Units granted Weighted average grant date fair value 

 (1) Based on the maximum payout, excluding the impact of the rTSR multiplier. (2) Includes the impact of the maximum potential rTSR multiplier of . (3) Includes the impact of the 2020 amendment which reduced the maximum FCF multiplier for one-year awards from to . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately and shares, respectively, that vested under PSUs, prior to the reduction of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. Vested shares were calculated based upon achievement of the maximum performance multiplier, as amended, of and for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and an rTSR multiplier of . There were shares that vested under PSUs during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately and shares, respectively, that vested under RSUs. There were shares that vested under RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2020. - - Performance period - years - years Expected dividend yield Expected price volatility - - The risk-free interest rate of return was determined using the U.S. Treasury rate at the time of grant with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the award. The expected volatility was based on a weighted average volatility of our stock 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 because, at the time of the grant, we had no plans to declare a dividend. As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to stock-settled performance stock units and restricted stock units, net of expected forfeitures, was million and million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. Cash-Settled Performance-Based Share-Based Awards Liability Awards During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted liability awards to certain executive officers. These awards entitle them to cash payments equal to a total target cash incentive of million, million, and million, respectively, multiplied by rTSR and FCF multipliers, as defined in the award agreements. In 2020, our Board of Directors amended the liability awards with a one-year performance period. The potential maximum payout of these liability awards is of the target cash incentive for the 2020 one-year award, as amended, and of the target cash incentive for all other liability awards, resulting in a total potential maximum payout of million and million for liability awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Settlement generally occurs at the end of one , two and performance periods based upon the same performance metrics and vesting period as our performance stock units. These awards are classified as liabilities and reported in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities within our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of these awards is remeasured at each reporting period until the awards are settled. As of December 31, 2022, our recorded liabilities associated with these awards was million, and we had remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to cash-settled performance-based share-based awards of million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. During 2022 and 2021, we paid and , respectively, in connection with liability awards, and awards were forfeited. There were liability awards vested or forfeited in the year ended December 31, 2020. operating segments: cardiovascular and endoscopy. Our cardiovascular segment consists of product categories: peripheral intervention, cardiac intervention, custom procedural solutions, and OEM. Within these product categories, we sell a variety of products, including cardiology and radiology devices (which assist in diagnosing and treating coronary arterial disease, peripheral vascular disease and other non-vascular diseases), as well as embolotherapeutic, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, critical care, breast cancer localization and guidance, biopsy, and interventional oncology and spine devices. Our endoscopy segment consists of gastroenterology and pulmonology devices which assist in the palliative treatment of expanding esophageal, tracheobronchial and biliary strictures caused by malignant tumors. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on net sales and operating income (loss). See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 of this report for a detailed breakout of our sales by operating segment and product category, disaggregated between domestic and international sales. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had international sales of million, million and million, respectively, or , and , respectively, of net sales. Our largest international markets include China, Japan, Germany, France and the United Kingdom, with China representing our most significant international sales market with sales of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International sales are attributed based on location of the customer receiving the product. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Ireland Other foreign countries Total Endoscopy Total net sales Income (loss) from operations Cardiovascular ) Endoscopy Total income (loss) from operations ) Total other expense net ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets by operating segment at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2022 2021 2020 Cardiovascular Endoscopy Total Endoscopy Total Total capital expenditures for property and equipment by operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

2022 2021 2020 Cardiovascular Endoscopy Total 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively. Interest rate contract asset, long-term (2) Foreign currency contract assets, current and long-term (3) Foreign currency contract liabilities, current and long-term (4) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities ) ) Fair Value Measurements Using Total Fair Quoted prices in Significant other Significant Value at active markets observable inputs unobservable inputs December 31, 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Interest rate contract liability, long-term (2) ) ) Foreign currency contract assets, current and long-term (3) Foreign currency contract liabilities, current and long-term (4) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities ) ) 

 (1) Our marketable securities, which consist entirely of available-for-sale equity securities, are valued using market prices in active markets. Level 1 instrument valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. (2) The fair value of the interest rate contracts is determined using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as accrued expenses or other long-term obligations in the consolidated balance sheets. (3) The fair value of the foreign currency contract assets (including those designated as hedging instruments and those not designated as hedging instruments) is determined using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as prepaid and other assets or other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. (4) The fair value of the foreign currency contract liabilities (including those designated as hedging instruments and those not designated as hedging instruments) is determined using Level 2 fair value inputs and is recorded as accrued expenses or other long-term obligations in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Certain of our business combinations involve the potential for the payment of future contingent consideration, generally based on a percentage of future product sales or upon attaining specified future revenue or other milestones. Contingent consideration liabilities are re-measured to fair value at each reporting period, with the change in fair value recognized 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Contingent consideration expense Contingent payments made ) ) Effect of foreign exchange ) ) Ending balance As of December 31, 2022, million in contingent consideration liability was included in other long-term obligations and million in contingent consideration liability was included in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet related to contingent liabilities. As of December 31, 2021, million in contingent consideration liability was included in other long-term obligations and in contingent consideration liability was included in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet related to contingent liabilities. Cash payments related to the settlement of the contingent consideration liability recognized at fair value as of the applicable acquisition date been reflected as a cash outflow from financing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. Payments related to increases in the contingent consideration liability subsequent to the date of acquisition of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 are reflected as operating cash flows. Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Projected year of payments 2023-2034 2026 Revenue milestones contingent liability Monte Carlo simulation Discount rate - Projected year of payments 2023-2033 2023 Regulatory approval contingent liability Scenario-based method Discount rate Probability of milestone payment Projected year of payment 2023-2030 2024 

 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. No weighted average is reported for contingent consideration liabilities without a range of unobservable inputs. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Projected year of payments 2022-2034 2026 Revenue milestones contingent liability Monte Carlo simulation Discount rate - Projected year of payments 2022-2031 2022 Regulatory approval contingent liability Scenario-based method Discount rate Probability of milestone payment Projected year of payment 2024-2025 2025 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. No weighted average is reported for contingent consideration liabilities without a range of unobservable inputs. 
 The contingent consideration liabilities are re-measured to fair value each reporting period using projected revenues, discount rates, probabilities of payment, and projected payment dates. Projected contingent payment amounts are discounted back to the current period using a discounted cash flow model. Projected revenues are based on our most recent internal operational budgets and long-range strategic plans. An increase (decrease) in either the discount rate or the time to payment, in isolation, may result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. A decrease (increase) in the probability of any milestone payment may result in lower (higher) fair value measurements. Our determination of the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities could change in future periods based upon our ongoing evaluation of these significant unobservable inputs. We intend to record any such change in fair value to operating expenses in our consolidated statements of income (loss). Contingent Payments to Related Parties. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, we made contingent payments of approximately million and to a former director of Merit and former shareholder of Cianna Medical which we acquired in 2018. We made no such payments in 2021. In 2023, the Company expects to make additional payments consistent with prior years. The terms of the acquisition, including contingent consideration payments, were determined prior to the appointment of the former Cianna Medical shareholder as a director of Merit. As a former shareholder of Cianna Medical, the former Merit director may be eligible for additional payments for the achievement of sales milestones specified in our merger agreement with Cianna Medical. Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, and trade payables approximate fair value because of the immediate, short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Our long-term debt re-prices frequently due to variable rates and entails no significant changes in credit risk and, as a result, we believe the fair value of long-term debt approximates carrying value. The fair value of assets and liabilities whose carrying value approximates fair value is determined using Level 2 inputs, with the exception of cash and cash equivalents, which are Level 1 inputs. Impairment Charges We recognize or disclose the fair value of certain assets, such as non-financial assets, primarily property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill in connection with impairment evaluations. All of our nonrecurring valuations use significant unobservable inputs and therefore fall under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Intangible Assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had losses of million, million and million, respectively, related to certain acquired intangible assets (see Note 5). 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, which is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their estimated fair value. The impairment losses were driven primarily by site consolidation decisions and changes in our projected cash flows for the ROU operating lease asset and related long-lived assets, due to changes in the real estate market as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These changes include an increase in the anticipated time to identify a lessee, an increase in anticipated lease concessions, and a decrease in the expected lease rates for the property. The ROU operating lease asset impairment losses pertained to our cardiovascular segment. We had such losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Property and Equipment. D uring the year ended December 31, 2021 , we had losses of million related to the measurement of property and equipment at fair value based on the planned discontinuance of the Advocate Peripheral Angioplasty Balloon product line, sold under our license agreements with ArraVasc, which pertained to our cardiovascular segment. During the year ended December 31, 2020 , we had losses of related to the measurement of certain property and equipment measured at fair value based on restructuring activities associated with the suspension of our distribution agreement with NinePoint, which pertained to our endoscopy segment. We had such losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Equity Investments, Purchase Options and Notes Receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million of impairment expense related to our equity method investment in XableCath, as business ceased operations. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized million of impairment expense related to our equity method investment in the percent ownership in preferred shares of Fusion Medical, Inc. Fusion due to uncertainty about future product development and commercialization associated with the technologies and a charge of million related to Bluegrass Vascular due to our decision not to exercise our option to purchase the company. We had such losses during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our equity investments in privately held companies were million and million at December 21, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included within other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We analyze our investments in privately held companies to determine if they should be accounted for using the equity method based on our ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investment. Investments not accounted for under the equity method of accounting are accounted for at cost minus impairment, if applicable, plus or minus changes in valuation resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments. Current Expected Credit Losses Our outstanding long-term notes receivable, including accrued interest and our allowance for current expected credit losses, were million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an allowance for current expected credit losses of and , respectively, associated with these notes receivable. We assess the allowance for current expected credit losses on an individual security basis, due to the limited number of securities, using a probability of default model, which is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of securities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we collected million from Bluegrass Vascular Technologies, Inc. pursuant to the terms of a note receivable, which represents the entire principal balance and all accrued interest payable pursuant to that note. Provision for credit loss expense ) Ending balance 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Income taxes ) Reclassifications to: Revenue ) ) Cost of sales Interest expense Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) Reclassifications to: Revenue Cost of sales ) ) Interest expense Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Income taxes ) ) Reclassifications to: Revenue ) ) Cost of sales Interest expense Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 to approximately . A number of our lease agreements contain options to renew at our discretion for periods of up to and options to terminate the leases within . The lease term used to calculate ROU assets and lease liabilities includes renewal and termination options that are deemed reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease agreements with lease and non-lease components are generally accounted for as a single lease component. We do not have any bargain purchase options in our leases. For leases with an initial term of one year or less, we do not record a ROU asset or lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Substantially all of the ROU assets and lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 recorded on our consolidated balance sheet are related to our cardiovascular segment. From time to time, we enter into agreements to sublease a portion of our facilities to third parties. Such sublease income is not material. We also lease certain hardware consoles to customers and record rental revenue as a component of net sales. Rental revenue under such console leasing arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not significant. Liabilities Short-term operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities million, million, and million, respectively. The components of lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows, in thousands: 

Lease Cost Classification 2022 2021 2020 Operating lease cost (a) Selling, general and administrative expenses Sublease (income) (b) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Net lease cost 

(a) Includes expense related to short-term leases and variable payments, which were not significant. 

(b) Does not include rental revenue from leases of hardware consoles to customers, which was not significant. Supplemental cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows, in thousands: 

2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Generally, our lease agreements do not specify an implicit rate. Therefore, we estimate our incremental borrowing rate, which is defined as the interest rate we would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis, considering such factors as length 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 years years years Weighted average discount rate 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total As of December 31, 2022, we had additional operating leases for office space that had not yet commenced. These leases will commence during 2023 and are not deemed material. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is (b) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. of America. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on the criteria discussed 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 above and our management s assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our independent registered public accountants have also issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears below. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Salt Lake City, Utah February 24, 2023 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14. The information required by these items is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. We currently anticipate that our definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Documents filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements . The following consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are incorporated by reference as provided in Item 8 and Item 9A of this report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Internal Control Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ) ) 2021 ) ) ) 2022 ) ) ) 

 (a) We record a bad debt provision based upon historical bad debt experience, current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions, and management s evaluation of our ability to collect individual outstanding balances. 
 93 

Table of Contents) ) - ) 2021 ) ) - ) 2022 ) ) - ) 

 (a) We record a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset when it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. (b) Exhibits: 
 The following exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed herewith or have been filed previously with the SEC as indicated below: 

Exhibit No. 

Index to Exhibits 

 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 1, 2018, by and among Merit Medical Systems, Inc., CMI Transaction Co., Cianna Medical, Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as the Securityholder s Representative 2.2 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2018, by and among Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Vascular Insights, LLC and VI Management, Inc. 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated May 31, 2018 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 31, 2018 4.1 Specimen Certificate of the Common Stock 4.2 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 10.1 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan, dated 10.2 First Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated May 31, 2007 10.3 Lease Agreement dated as of June 8, 1993 for office and manufacturing facility 10.4 A mended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, dated January 1, 2004 10.5 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2008 10.6 Second Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan made and adopted effective May 31, 2009 10.7 Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan made and adopted effective May 31, 2009 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 10.8 First Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, effective September 19, 2010 10.9 Second Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated November 29, 2010 10.10 Third Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, effective October 1, 2010 10.11 Fourth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated December 31, 2011 10.12 Fifth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated December 28, 2012 10.13 Sixth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated December 31, 2013. 10.14 Seventh Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated June 10, 2014 10.15 Eighth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated December 29, 2014 10.16 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 6, 2016 by and among Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Well Fargo Securities, LLC and the lenders named therein 10.17 Form of Employment Agreement, dated May 26, 2016 between the Company and each of the following individuals: Joseph C. Wright, and Brian G. Lloyd 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated May 26, 2016 between the Company and Fred P. Lampropoulos 10.19 Third Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan dated February 13, 2015 10.20 Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Restatement of the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated July 1, 2000 10.21 First Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc., 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated April 1, 2001 10.22 Second Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc., 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated January 1, 2006 10.23 Third Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc., 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated April 7, 2006 10.24 Fourth Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc., 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated February 13, 2015 10.25 Fifth Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc., 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated April 15, 2021 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 10.26 First Amendment to Employment Agreement made and entered into by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Fred P. Lampropoulos as of the 11th day of December, 2017 10.27 Form of First Amendment to Employment Agreement for each of Joseph C. Wright, and Brian G. Lloyd 10.28 First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated May 22, 2017 for office and manufacturing facility 10.29 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective May 24, 2018 10.30 First Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective December 14, 2018 10.31 Second Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective April 15, 2021 10.32 Employment Agreement made and entered into by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Raul Parra as of the 1st day of August, 2018. 10.33 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2019 Executive Bonus Plan, dated January 1, 2019 10.34 Ninth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated August 1, 2016 10.35 Tenth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated January 1, 2017 10.36 Eleventh Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated January 1, 2019 10.37 Twelfth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, dated June 1, 2018 10.38 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement entered into by and among Merit Medical Systems, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank National Association and the lenders and subsidiary guarantors named therein, dated July 9, 2019 10.39 Thirteenth Amendment to the Second Restatement of the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, effective January 1, 2019 10.40 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated February 26, 2020, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Fred Lampropoulos. 10.41 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated February 26, 2020, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and each of the following individuals: Raul Parra, Joseph C. Wright, and Brian G. Lloyd. 10.42 First Amendment to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2019 Executive Bonus Plan, effective June 22, 2020 10.43 Settlement Agreement, dated October 13, 2020, by and among the United States of America, acting through the United States Department of Justice and on behalf of the Office of Inspector General OIG-HHS of the Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), and the Defense Health Agency DHA ), acting on behalf of the TRICARE Program (collectively, the United States the Company; and Charles J. Wolf, M.D. Relator ), through their authorized representatives. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 10.44 Corporate Integrity Agreement, dated October 13, 2020, by and between the OIG-HHS and the Company. 10.45 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated October 24, 2020, between the Company and each of the following individuals: A. Scott Anderson, F. Ann Millner, Ed. D., Lynne N. Ward, and Thomas J. Gunderson 10.46 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated October 24, 2020, between the Company and each of the following individuals: Lonny J. Carpenter, David K. Floyd, and James T. Hogan 10.47 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each executive officer. 10.48 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, between the Company and Stephen C. Evans. 10.49 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2022, between the Company and each of Laura Kaiser and Michael McDonnell. 10.50 Employment Agreement between the Company and Michel J. Voigt, dated December 11, 2020 10.51 Employment Agreement between the Company and Neil Peterson, dated May 19, 2022 10.52 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Two Year Performance Period), dated March 19, 2021, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Fred Lampropoulos. 10.53 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated March 19, 2021, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Fred Lampropoulos. 10.54 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Two Year Performance Period), dated March 19, 2021, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and each of the following individuals: Raul Parra, Brian G. Lloyd, Michel J. Voigt, and Joseph C. Wright. 10.55 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated March 19, 2021, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and each of the following individuals: Raul Parra, Brian G. Lloyd, Michel J. Voigt, and Joseph C. Wright. 10.56 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated February 26, 2022, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Fred Lampropoulos. 10.57 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated February 26, 2022, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Raul Parra. 10.58 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated February 26, 2022, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and each of the following individuals: Brian G. Lloyd, Michel J. Voigt, and Joseph C. Wright. 10.59 Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Performance Period), dated May 19, 2022, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and Neil Peterson. 10.60 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated May 24, 2022, by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and each of the following individuals: A. Scott Anderson, Lonny J. Carpenter, Stephen C. Evans, David K. Floyd, James T. Hogan, Thomas J. Gunderson, Laura s. Kaiser, Michael R. McDonnell, F. Ann Millner, and Lynne N. Ward. 10.61 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated March 10, 2022 for office and manufacturing facility. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 10.62 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. 21 Subsidiaries of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101 The following materials from the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

 These exhibits are incorporated herein by reference. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (c) Schedules: 
 None Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 24, 2023. MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ FRED P. LAMPROPOULOS Fred P. Lampropoulos, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ADDITIONAL SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 

Signature Capacity in Which Signed /s/: FRED P. LAMPROPOULOS President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Fred P. Lampropoulos (Principal executive officer) /s/: RAUL PARRA Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Raul Parra (Principal financial and accounting officer) /s/: A. SCOTT ANDERSON Director A. Scott Anderson /s/: LONNY J. CARPENTER Director Lonny J. Carpenter /s/: STEPHEN C. EVANS Director Stephen C. Evans /s/: DAVID K. FLOYD Director David K. Floyd /s/: THOMAS J. GUNDERSON Director Thomas J. Gunderson /s/: JAMES T. HOGAN Director James T. Hogan /s/: LAURA S. KAISER Director Laura S. Kaiser /s/: MICHAEL R. MCDONNELL Director Michael R. McDonnell /s/: F. ANN MILLNER Director F. Ann Millner /s/: LYNNE N. WARD Director Lynne N. Ward 
 100 

<EX-21>
 2
 mmsi-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization Merit Medical Australia Pty Ltd. Australia ITL Healthcare Pty Ltd. Australia Merit Medical Austria GmbH Austria Merit Medical Belgium Sprl Belgium Merit Medical Comercializa o, Distribui o, Importa o e Exporta o de Produtos Hospitalares LTDA. Brazil Merit Medical Canada Ltd. Canada Merit Medical Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Merit Medical Beijing Co. Ltd. China BioSphere Medical Japan, Inc. Delaware BioSphere Medical, Inc. Delaware Brightwater Medical, Inc. Delaware BSMD Ventures, Inc. Delaware Cianna Medical, Inc. Delaware DFINE, Inc. Delaware Restore Endosystems, LLC Delaware Vascular Access Technologies, Inc. Delaware Merit Medical Denmark A/S Denmark Merit Medical Egypt LLC Egypt Merit Medical Finland Ltd. Finland BioSphere Medical SA France Merit Medical France SAS France Dfine Europe GmbH Germany Merit Medical GmbH Germany Merit Medical Asia Company Limited Hong Kong Merit Medical Systems India Private Limited India Merit Medical (NRI) Ireland Limited Ireland Merit Medical Ireland, Ltd. Ireland Merit Medical Italy S.R.L. Italy Merit Medical Japan KK Japan Merit Medical Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Malaysia Merit Maquiladora M xico, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. Mexico Merit Mexico Sales, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico KA Medical, LLC Minnesota Merit Medical Coatings B.V. Netherlands Merit Medical Nederland B.V. Netherlands Argon Medical Devices Netherlands BV Netherlands Merit Medical New Zealand Limited New Zealand Merit Medical Norway AS Norway Thomas Medical Products, Inc. Pennsylvania Merit Medical Poland sp.z.o.o. Poland Merit Medical Portugal, S.A. Portugal LLC Merit Technologies Russia Merit Medical Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd Singapore Merit Medical Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

Merit Medical Korea Co., Ltd. South Korea Merit Medical South Africa (Pty) LTD South Africa Merit Medical Africa (Pty) LTD South Africa Merit Medical Spain S.L.Unipersonal Spain Merit Medical Systems AB Sweden Merit Medical Switzerland AG Switzerland Merit Medical (Thailand) Limited Thailand Merit Medical Turkey T bbi r nler Ticaret Anonim irketi Turkey Merit Medical ME FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Merit Medical UK Limited United Kingdom Merit Holdings, Inc. Utah Merit Sensor Systems, Inc. Utah 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 mmsi-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-226320 on Form S-3ASR and Registration Statement Nos. 333-262158, 333-262157, 333-225426, 333-206297, 333-206296, 333-163104, 333-135614, 333-129267, 333-58112 and 333-58162 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. and the effectiveness of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Salt Lake City, Utah February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mmsi-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Fred P. Lampropoulos, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Fred P. Lampropoulos Fred P. Lampropoulos President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mmsi-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Raul Parra, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Raul Parra Raul Parra Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mmsi-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Fred P. Lampropoulos, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Fred P. Lampropoulos Fred P. Lampropoulos President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 This certification accompanies the foregoing Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mmsi-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Raul Parra, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 /s/ Raul Parra Raul Parra Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 This certification accompanies the foregoing Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-4.2>
 8
 mmsi-20221231xex4d2.htm
 EX-4.2

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Merit Medical Systems, Inc. Merit we us or our has one class of securities, our common stock, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The general terms and provisions of our common stock are summarized below. The below summary does not purport to be complete, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, referred to herein as our Articles, and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, referred to herein as our Bylaws, each of which have been filed as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this exhibit is a part, and the applicable provisions of the Utah Code. We encourage you to review complete copies of our Articles and Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Utah Code for additional information. Authorized Capital Stock We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share. We are also authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value per share. As of February 24, 2022, approximately 56,572,579 shares of common stock, and no shares of preferred stock, were issued and outstanding. Description of Common Stock Voting Rights. Holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Our common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Dividend Rights. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for dividend payments. We have never issued a cash dividend on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Liquidation Rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, holders of outstanding common stock at such time will be entitled to share ratably in our assets that are legally available for such purpose after payment or provision for payment of all of our debts and obligations, and after liquidation payments to holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any. Other Rights and Preferences. The holders of common stock have no preferences or rights of conversion, exchange, pre-emption or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. Listing Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol MMSI. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is ZB, National Association, dba Zions Bank. Description of Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, from time to time, with such rights and preferences as determined by our Board of Directors with respect to such series. 

 EXHIBIT 4.2 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Utah Law and Our Charter Documents Director Liability . Our Articles limit the personal liability of our directors to our company and our shareholders to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The inclusion of this provision in our Articles may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and may discourage or deter shareholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their duty of care. Shareholder Action and Meetings of Shareholders . Our Bylaws provide that shareholders wishing to propose business to be brought before a meeting of shareholders will be required to comply with various advance notice requirements. The inclusion of this provision in our Bylaws may deter our shareholders from submitting proposals for consideration at a meeting of shareholders. Classified Board of Directors . Our Articles provide for our Board of Directors to be divided into three classes of directors, with each class as nearly equal in number as possible, serving staggered three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of the Board of Directors will be elected each year. We believe the classified board provision will help to assure the continuity and stability of our Board of Directors and the business strategies and policies of our company as determined by the Board of Directors. The classified board provision could also have the effect of discouraging a third party from making a tender offer or attempting to obtain control of our company. In addition, the classified board provision could delay shareholders who do not agree with the policies of the Board of Directors from removing a majority of the directors for two years. Authorized but Unissued Shares. Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of February 24, 2022, we had approximately 56,572,579 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Accordingly, our Articles would permit us to issue up to 36,232,402 additional shares of common stock (after taking into account 7,195,019 shares reserved for issuance under existing employee benefit plans or existing equity awards), and up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. However, such issuances would be subject to the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which in some cases may require shareholder approval or impose other limitations. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Utah Control Shares Acquisitions Act. We are subject to the Control Shares Acquisitions Act, or Control Shares Act, as set forth in Section 61-6-1 to 61-6-12 of the Utah Code. The Control Shares Act provides that any person or entity that acquires control shares of an issuing public corporation in a control share acquisition is denied voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing public corporation elects to restore such voting rights. For purposes of the Control Shares Act: person or entity acquires control shares whenever it acquires shares that, not considering application of the Control Shares Act, would bring its voting power after the acquisition within any of the following ranges of voting power of the issuing public corporation: (i) 1/5 to (but less than) 1/3 of all voting power, (ii) 1/3 to (but less than) a majority of all voting power; or (iii) a majority or more of all voting power; an issuing public corporation is any Utah corporation, other than a depository institution, that has (a) 100 or more shareholders, (b) a principal place of business, principal office or substantial assets within Utah, and (c) more than 10 of its shareholders resident in Utah, more than 10 of its shares owned by Utah residents or 10,000 shareholders resident in Utah; and control share acquisition is generally defined as the direct or indirect acquisition (including through a series of acquisitions) of either ownership or voting power associated with issued and outstanding control shares (excluding voting power pursuant to a revocable proxy solicited by the issuing public corporation or its board of directors in connection with meetings of its shareholders). 

 EXHIBIT 4.2 
 Under the Control Shares Act, any person or entity that acquires control shares pursuant to a control share acquisition acquires voting rights with respect to those shares only to the extent consent is granted by a majority of the disinterested shareholders of each class of capital stock outstanding prior to the acquisition. To obtain such consent, the acquiring person may file an acquiring person statement with the issuing public corporation setting forth the number of shares acquired and certain other specified information. Upon delivering the statement, an acquiring person or entity may request a special meeting of shareholders if it undertakes to pay the issuing public corporation s expenses of a special shareholders meeting. Following receipt of such a request and undertaking, the directors of an issuing public corporation must call a special meeting (generally within 50 days) to consider the voting rights to be given to the shares acquired or to be acquired in the control shares acquisition. If no request for a special meeting is made, the voting rights to be accorded the control shares are to be presented at the issuing public corporation s next special or annual meeting of shareholders. If either (i) the acquiring person does not file an acquiring person statement with the issuing public corporation or (ii) the shareholders do not vote to restore voting rights to the control shares, the issuing public corporation may, if its articles of incorporation or bylaws so provide, redeem the control shares from the acquiring person at fair market value. Our Articles and Bylaws do not currently provide for such a redemption right. Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation or bylaws of an issuing public corporation, all shareholders are entitled to dissenters rights if the control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has obtained control shares with at least a majority of voting power. Notice of such dissenter s rights must be sent to shareholders as soon as practicable thereafter. Our Articles and Bylaws do not currently deny such dissenters rights. The directors or shareholders of a corporation may elect to exempt the stock of the corporation from the provisions of the Control Shares Act through adoption of a provision to that effect in the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws. To be effective, such an exemption must be adopted prior to the control shares acquisition. Neither our directors nor our shareholders have taken any such action. We expect the Control Shares Act to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our Board of Directors. The Control Shares Act may also discourage takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by our shareholders. Business Combinations. Under Sections 16-10a-1801 to 16-10a-1804 of the Utah Code and certain amendments to Section 16-10a-840 of the Utah Code, all of which took effect on May 9, 2017, we are prohibited from entering into a business combination, such as a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, asset sale, or disposition of stock, with any person that meets the definition of interested shareholder (discussed further below), including any entity that is, or after the business combination would be, an affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, for a period of five years after the date such person became an interested shareholder, unless one of the of the following conditions is met: the business combination, or the acquisition of stock that resulted in the person becoming an interested shareholder, was approved by our Board of Directors prior to the person becoming an interested shareholder; the business combination is approved by a majority of our non-interested shareholders at a meeting called no earlier than five years after the date the person first became an interested shareholder; or the cash and other consideration to be delivered to the holder of each share of our common stock meets certain minimum value criteria. For purposes of the business combination provisions, an interested shareholder includes any person who owns (or, in the case of affiliates and associates, did own within the last five years) 20 or more of that corporation s voting stock. These amendments may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to such business combinations. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.51>
 9
 mmsi-20221231xex10d51.htm
 EX-10.51

Exhibit 10.51 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc., a Utah corporation (the Company and Neil Peterson (the Executive ), effective May 19, 2022. RECITALS: WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as an executive employee of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined below) of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Employment Agreement as follows: AGREEMENT: NOW, THEREFORE, the above recitals are incorporated herein and the parties agree as follows: 1. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) Affiliated Companies shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company. One entity shall be presumed to control another if it owns directly, or indirectly through other Affiliated Companies, a majority of the outstanding voting equity interests of the other entity. (b) Change in Control shall mean: (i) The acquisition during any 12-month period in one or more integrated transactions by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ))(a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than 30 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding common stock and other voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition by the Company, an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or any corporation or other entity pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A) and (B) of subsection (iii) of this Section 1(b); and (B) any acquisition which does also not constitute a change in effective control of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(A)(1); (ii) The replacement during any 12-month period of a majority of the directors serving on the Board by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by at least a majority of the Board immediately before the date of any such appointment or election; provided that 
 Employment Agreement Page 1 of 16 

this subsection (ii) shall only apply to a change in the Board that constitutes a change in effective control of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(A)(2); and (iii) The sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (an Asset Sale ), including a disposition by merger or consolidation, in a transaction that also constitutes a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii); provided, however, that a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this subsection (iii) if: (A) the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Asset Sale beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the acquiror or resulting corporation in such Asset Sale in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Asset Sale of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities; and (B) no Person beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 30 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the acquiror or resulting corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Asset Sale. For avoidance of doubt, no transaction or event will constitute a Change in Control under this Agreement unless it also constitutes a change in effective control of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii). (c) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (d) Company shall mean Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (e) Employment Period shall mean the period commencing on the date hereof and continuing through the effective date of termination of Executive s employment as provided below. (f) Executive shall mean the executive employee of the Company named in the first introductory paragraph of this Agreement. (g) Separation from Service means separation from service (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) from the Company. (h) Treasury Regulation means the regulations promulgated under the Code. Any reference in this Agreement to a Treasury Regulation shall include such regulation as amended from time to time and shall be deemed to incorporate herein the full text of such regulation. 2. Employment . Subject to termination as provided below, the Company hereby agrees to continue the Executive in its employ at will , and the Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company at will , subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. As an at will employee, the Company may terminate the Executive s employment, and the Executive may resign his/her employment with the Company, at any time and for any or no reason. 
 Employment Agreement Page 2 of 16 

3. Terms of Employment. (a) Position and Duties . (i) During the Employment Period, the Executive s position and title shall be Chief Operating Officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon a Change in Control: (A) the Executive s position (including offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the effective date of a Change in Control; and (B) the Executive s services shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office or location less than 35 miles from such location. (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive s reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to: (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, provided that the Executive obtains the Company s prior, written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld; (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions; and (C) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the effective date of a Change in Control, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the effective date shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities to the Company. (b) Compensation . (i) Base Salary . During the Employment Period the Executive shall receive an annual base salary Annual Base Salary ), which shall be paid in equal monthly installments, at least equal to the Executive s then current salary or such other amount as is authorized by the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided, however that following a Change in Control, the Executive s rate of Annual Base Salary for any fiscal year of the Company following the Change in Control shall not be less than 12 times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable (including any base salary which has been earned but deferred) to the Executive by the Company and its Affiliated Companies in respect of the 12-month period immediately preceding the month in which the Change in Control occurs. During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after the last salary increase or decrease applicable to the Executive and thereafter at least annually. Any increase or decrease in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. (ii) Annual Bonus . In addition to Annual Base Salary, for each fiscal year of the Company that ends during the Employment Period (a Bonus Award Year the Executive shall be awarded an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus in cash in such amount as the Board determines in its sole discretion; provided that (A) no Annual Bonus shall be payable for a particular Bonus Award Year 
 Employment Agreement Page 3 of 16 

unless the Executive is still employed by the Company on the last day of the Bonus Award Year in question (or such earlier dater as the Annual Bonus is paid); and (B) for any Company fiscal year ending on or after the effective date of a Change in Control, the Annual Bonus shall be at least equal to the Executive s average annual cash bonus for the last three full 12-month fiscal years ending prior to the Change in Control (or such lesser number of full fiscal years as the Executive has completed with the Company, and annualized in the event that the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of any such full 12-month Company fiscal year) (the Average Annual Bonus ). Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid to the Executive not later than the 15th day of the third month following the calendar year in which the Annual Bonus is earned, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus pursuant to a non-qualified deferred compensation plan maintained by the Company that complies with the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Executive shall not be entitled to any Annual Bonus for a Bonus Award Year unless the Executive remains employed by the Company through the earlier of the date the Annual Bonus is paid or the last day of the Bonus Award Year in question. (iii) Commissions . In addition to the Annual Base Salary and Annual Bonus, the Executive may, at the Board s discretion, be awarded monthly or quarterly commissions (the Commissions ), at least equal to the Executive s then current commissions or such other amount as is authorized by the Board; provided, however that for any company fiscal year ending on or after the effective date of a Change in Control, the Executive s Commissions shall not be less than the Executive s average annual commissions for the last three full 12-month fiscal years ending prior to the Change of Control (or such lesser number of full fiscal years as the Executive has completed with the company, and annualized in the event the Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of any such full 12-month Company fiscal year (the Average Annual Commissions ). During the Employment Period, the Commissions shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after the last commission increase or decrease applicable to the Executive and thereafter at least annually. Any increase or decrease in Commissions shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. (iv) Stock Incentive and Retirement Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. In no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each case, materially less favorable, in the aggregate following the effective date of a Change in Control, than the those provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Change in Control or if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Change in Control to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. (v) Welfare Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs for the Executive, the Executive s spouse and the Executive s qualifying dependent children to the extent applicable generally to other peer executives of the 
 Employment Agreement Page 4 of 16 

Company and its Affiliated Companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits following a Change in Control which are materially less favorable, in the aggregate, than the plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Change in Control to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. (vi) Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. In no event shall such policies, practices and procedures be materially less favorable, in the aggregate, following a Change in Control than the policies, practices and procedures in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. All such expense reimbursements shall be paid promptly following submission for the applicable expense reimbursement requests and appropriate substitution but in no event later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense in question is incurred by the Executive. No reimbursement shall be exchanged or liquidated for another benefit and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in a particular calendar year shall not affect the expense eligible for reimbursement in another taxable year. (vii) Fringe Benefits . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable, use of an automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the generally applicable plans, practices and programs of the Company for its executive employees. In no event shall such policies and programs be materially less favorable following a Change in control than the most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its Affiliated Companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. (viii) Office and Support Staff . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and other assistance, generally provided to other executive officers of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. (ix) Vacation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the generally applicable plans, practices and programs of the Company for its executive employees. In no event shall such policies and programs be materially less favorable following a Change in Control than the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its Affiliated Companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. 4. Termination of Employment . 
 Employment Agreement Page 5 of 16 

(a) Death or Disability . The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Employment Period. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with Section 10(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the Executive s employment. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive s duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive from the Executive s duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive s legal representative. (b) By the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment at any time during the Employment Period for Cause to be effective on the applicable Date of Terminations set forth in Section 4(g). For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially all of the Executive s duties with the Company or one of its Affiliates (other than any such failure results from incapacity due to physical mental illness), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board or Chief Executive Officer believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive s duties, (ii) the Executive willfully engaging in illegal conduct, intentional misconduct or gross negligence which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (iii) the Executive s violation of written Company policies prohibiting workplace discrimination, sexual harassment and alcohol or substance abuse. For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Following a Change in Control, the cessation of employment of the Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. (c) By the Company without Cause . The Company, acting through the Board, may terminate the Executive s employment with the Company at any time at will without Cause for any or 
 Employment Agreement Page 6 of 16 

no reason upon notice to the Executive to be effective on the applicable Date of Termination set forth in Section 4(g). (d) By the Executive for Good Reason . The Executive may terminate and resign the Executive s employment for Good Reason effective on or after the date of a Change in Control upon the Executive s delivery to the Company of a Notice of Termination (as defined below) not less than thirty (30) days prior to the termination date set forth in such notice; provided the Executive delivers such Notice of Termination to the Company within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event constituting Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean: (i) the Company s assignment to the Executive upon or within two (2) years after a Change in Control of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Executive s position (including offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 3(a) of this Agreement, or any other action by the Company upon or within two (2) years after a Change in Control which results in a diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive; (ii) the Company s failure upon or within two (2) years following a Change in Control to comply with any of the provisions of Section 3(b) of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive; (iii) upon or within two (2) years following a Change in Control, the Company s requiring the Executive to be based at any office or location other than as provided in Section 3(a)(i)(B) hereof or the Company s requiring the Executive to travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Effective Date; and (iv) any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 9(c) of this Agreement. (e) By Executive without Good Reason . The Executive may resign and terminate the Executive s employment with the Company without Good Reason at any time at will upon notice to the Company to be effective on the applicable Date of Termination set forth in Section 4(g). (f) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company for Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 10(b) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and 
 Employment Agreement Page 7 of 16 

(iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be as set forth Section 4(g)). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive s or the Company s rights hereunder. (g) Date of Termination . For purposes of this Agreement the term Date of Termination means: (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or upon or following a Change in Control by the Executive for Good Reason: (A) the date of the receipt of the Notice of Termination in the case of termination by the Company for Cause, or (B) the date set forth in the Notice of Termination in the case of termination by the Executive for Good Reason, which shall be not less than thirty (30) days after the delivery of the Notice of Termination. (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause, death or Disability; the Date of Termination shall be the tenth (10th) day after the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, provided that the Executive and the Company may mutually agree to a later effective Date of Termination; (iii) if the Executive voluntarily resigns his/her employment (other than for Good Reason upon or following a Change in Control), the Date of Termination shall be the tenth (10th) day after the Executive notifies the Company of such resignation, provided that Executive and the Company may mutually agree to a later Date of Termination; and (iv) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. 5. Obligations of the Company upon Termination of Executive s Employment . (a) General . Upon termination of the Executive s employment with the Company the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits set forth in the applicable subsection of this Section 5. The amounts payable under this Section 5 are in addition to the Company s obligations to the Executive under the Company s various retirement, deferred compensation, stock option and long-term incentive, employee stock purchase and welfare benefit plans. The Company s obligations under this Section 5 vary depending upon whether or not the Executive s termination of employment is in Connection with a Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, termination of the Executive s employment shall be deemed to be in Connection with a Change in Control if and only if: (i) the Executive s Date of Termination is on or within two (2) years after the effective date of a Change in Control; or 
 Employment Agreement Page 8 of 16 

(ii) the Company terminates the Executive s employment without Cause within six (6) months prior to the date on which a Change in Control occurs and the Executive reasonably demonstrates that such termination of employment (A) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control; or (B) otherwise arose in connection with or anticipation of a Change in Control. (b) Termination Other Than in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Executive s employment shall terminate for any reason, voluntarily or involuntarily with or without Cause, other than in Connection with a Change in Control, the Company shall pay to the Executive (or if deceased to the Executive s estate) the following amounts: (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to the Executive s Annual Base Salary earned through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid and any accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination, which lump sum shall be paid ten (10) days after the Date of Termination; (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to the Executive s accrued Annual Bonus earned for the last Company fiscal year ending immediately prior to the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, which lump sum shall be paid within the time period set forth in Section 3(b)(ii); (iii) if applicable to Executive, a lump sum Commissions payment earned through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, which lump sum shall be paid ten (10) days after the date the applicable Commissions would have been calculated by the Company had the Executive s employment not been terminated; and (iii) such additional severance benefits, if any, as the Board approves in its sole and absolute discretion without reference to the amount of severance benefits, if any, paid to any other executive officer or employee of the Company; provided, however, that no such discretionary severance benefits shall be paid in a manner or amount that renders such payments non-qualified deferred compensation subject to additional tax or interest under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. (c) Resignation for Good Reason or Termination without Cause in Connection with a Change in Control . If the Executive resigns for Good Reason in Connection with a Change in Control (i.e., on or within two (2) years after the date of a Change in Control) or the Company terminates the Executive without Cause in Connection with a Change in Control, the Company shall: (i) Pay to the Executive the following amounts: (A) a lump sum cash payment equal to the Executive s Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid and any accrued unpaid vacation pay through the Date of Termination, which lump sum shall be paid ten (10) days after the Date of Termination (on a date within that 10 day period designated by the Company); (B) a lump sum cash payment equal to the Executive s accrued Annual Bonus, if any, for the last Company fiscal year ending immediately prior to the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, which lump sum shall be paid within the time period set 
 Employment Agreement Page 9 of 16 

forth in Section 3(b)(ii). The sum of the amounts described in clauses (A) and (B) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations ; and (C) if applicable to Executive, a lump sum Commissions payment earned through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, which lump sum shall be paid ten (10) days after the date the applicable Commissions would have been calculated by the Company had the Executive s employment not been terminated; and (ii) Pay to the Executive a cash severance benefit (the Severance Benefit in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of: (A) the Executive s Annual Base Salary (computed at the highest rate in effect at any time during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Change in Control); (B) the Executive s Average Annual Bonus as defined in Section 3(b)(ii); and (C) if applicable to Executive, the Executive s Average Annual Commissions as defined in Section 3(b)(iii) . The Severance Benefit payable under this Section 5(c)(ii) shall be paid: (A) In a cash lump sum within 30 days after the later of the date of the Executive s Separation from Service with the Company or the date of the Change in Control to the limited extent the amount so paid constitutes separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service within the meaning and dollar limitations of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or is otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b); and (B) the balance, in a separate cash lump sum on the date that is six months and one day after the date of the Executive s Separation from Service with the Company. The balance of the Severance Benefit payable under this clause (B) shall bear interest from the Executive s Date of Termination at an annual rate equal to the prime rate of Wells Fargo Bank, NA in effect on the Date of Termination plus four (4) percentage points, which interest the Company shall pay to the Executive contemporaneously with payment of the Severance Benefit under this clause (B). This Section 5(c)(ii) shall be interpreted and applied to permit the payment of the Change in Control Severance Benefit prior to the date that is six months and one day after Executive s Separation from Service with the Company only to the extent such payments would not thereby constitute a deferral of compensation subject to Code Section 409A. Neither the Company nor the Executive shall have the right to accelerate or defer such payments except as permitted or required by Code Section 409A. (iii) To the extent permitted by law and the Company s applicable insurance policies, for two (2) years after the Executive s Date of Termination, continue benefits to the Executive and/or the Executive s eligible spouse and dependent children at least equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance with the welfare plans, programs, practices and policies described in Section 3 of this Agreement if the Executive s employment had not been terminated or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families, provided, however, that if the Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive medical and other welfare benefits described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility. (iv) Provide at the Company s sole expense for a period not to exceed twelve (12) months the Executive with reasonable outplacement services the scope and provider of which shall be selected by the Executive in his/her reasonable discretion; and 
 Employment Agreement Page 10 of 16 

(v) To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its Affiliated Companies (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the Other Benefits in accordance with the terms of such other plans, programs, policies or practices. (d) Death on or after Change in Control . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s death on or after the date of a Change in Control, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in cash in the manner and within the time frames set forth in Section 5(b)(i) and (ii), as applicable. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 5(d) shall include, without limitation, and the Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and Affiliated Companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such Affiliated Companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date of a Change in Control, or, if more favorable to the Executive s estate and/or the Executive s beneficiaries, as in effect on the date of the Executive s death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their beneficiaries. (e) Disability on or after Change in Control . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s Disability on or after the date of a Change in Control, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in cash in the manner and within the time frames set forth in Section 5(b)(i) and (ii), as applicable. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 5(e) shall include, and the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies to disabled executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date of a Change in Control, or, if more favorable to the Executive and/or the Executive s family, as in effect at any time thereafter generally with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and their families. (f) Termination for Cause or Resignation Other than for Good Reason on or after a Change in Control . If the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause on or after the date of a Change in Control, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive hereunder other than the obligation to pay to the Executive (i) his/her Annual Base Salary, Commissions, if applicable, and accrued vacation through the Date of Termination, and (ii) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates employment upon or following a Change in Control (excluding a resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change in Control) this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive under, other than for 
 Employment Agreement Page 11 of 16 

Accrued Obligations and timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in cash in the manner and within the time frames set forth in Section 5(b)(i) and (ii), as applicable. (g) Limits on Timing of Post-employment Payments . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, payments under Sections 5(b) and 5(c) shall be bifurcated into two portions, the first consisting of the portion that does not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the second consisting of the portion of such payments that does constitute such nonqualified deferred compensation. Such payments shall first be made from the portion that does not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation until it is exhausted and then from the portion that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation. Because Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the commencement and delivery of any such payments that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation shall be delayed to the date that is six months and one day after the date of Executive s Separation from Service with the Company. The determination of whether, and the extent to which, payments under Section 5(b) or Section 5(c) are nonqualified deferred compensation shall be made after the application of all applicable exclusions under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b). Similarly, continuation coverage under each employee benefit plan pursuant to Section 5.2(c)(iii) and outplacement assistance under Section 5.2(c)(iv) shall be treated as separate plans from each other and from the cash payments under Section 5.2(c)(i) and (ii). Each type of employee benefit plan continuation coverage specified in Section 5.2(c)(iii) and the outplacement assistance described in Section 5.2(c)(iv) shall also be bifurcated into two portions, one consisting of the maximum portion of such employee benefit plan continuation coverage or outplacement assistance, as applicable, that does not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and the second portion consisting of the element that does constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Provision of the portion of any benefit under Section 5(c)(iii) and 5(c)(iv) that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation shall be deferred until six months and one day after the date of Executive s Separation from Service with the Company. With respect to items eligible for reimbursement under the terms of this Agreement or any other plan of the Company, (i) the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in another taxable year, (ii) no such reimbursement may be exchanged or liquidated for another payment or benefit, and (iii) any reimbursements of such expenses shall be made as soon as practicable under the circumstances but in any event no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the related expenses were incurred. All payments under Section 5(c) on account of the Executive s termination for Good Reason shall be treated for purposes of Code Section 409A, to the fullest extent permitted by the Treasury Regulations under Code Section 409A, as payments on account of the Executive s involuntary termination. 6. Non-exclusivity of Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies at or subsequent to the Date of 
 Employment Agreement Page 12 of 16 

Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. 7. Full Settlement . In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. 8. Confidential Information . Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it, or use such confidential information. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section 8 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. 9. Successors . (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal representatives. (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such success had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumed and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 10. Miscellaneous . (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. No waiver of any party s rights or benefits under this Agreement shall be effective unless such party signs a written waiver of its rights or benefits. 
 Employment Agreement Page 13 of 16 

(b) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in the case of notices to the Executive by electronic mail (email) addressed as follows: If to the Executive : To the Executive s most current home address (or email address, as applicable) on file with the Company s Human Resources Department If to the Company : Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 1600 West Merit Parkway South Jordan, Utah 84095 Attention: Chief Legal Officer or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. The Company makes no representation or warranty to the Executive regarding the tax consequences of any payment or benefit under this Agreement, including any representation as to the application of Code Section 409A to such payments. Neither the Company, any Affiliated Companies of the Company, nor any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any of its Affiliated Companies shall have any obligation or liability to gross-up, reimburse or indemnify the Executive for any taxes (including tax-related interest and penalties) imposed on the Executive. (e) The Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right of this Agreement. (f) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Executive s employment by the Company and supersedes and replaces all other agreements, oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. (g) The Company and the Executive irrevocably: (i) agree that any claim, law suit, cause of action or dispute arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Executive s employment hereunder (a Claim shall be adjudicated solely in the United States Federal District Court or Utah State Courts situated in Salt Lake City, Utah (collectively the Utah Courts (ii) consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of the Utah Courts with respect to any Claim; (iii) agree that the Utah Courts shall have exclusive subject matter jurisdiction over any such Claims and that venue with respect to any such Claims is proper and most convenient in the Utah Courts; and (iv) agree and covenant not to assert any objection to personal jurisdiction, subject matter jurisdiction or venue in the Utah Courts with respect to any Claim. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE 
 Employment Agreement Page 14 of 16 

IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND RELEASE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING UNDER OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY. (h) If the Executive or the Company retains legal counsel and/or incurs other costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that following a Change in Control the Executive engages legal counsel to enforce the Executive s rights or seek a determination under this Agreement, the Company shall pay the expenses of such legal counsel regardless of the outcome of any legal proceeding resulting therefrom; provided that such claim is not determined by a trier of fact to be frivolous or in bad faith. [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank-Signature Page Follows ] 
 Employment Agreement Page 15 of 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and Company have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first set forth above. EXECUTIVE: Name: Neil Peterson Title: Chief Operating Officer COMPANY: MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. Name: Fred Lampropoulos Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Employment Agreement Page 16 of 16 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.60>
 10
 mmsi-20221231xex10d60.htm
 EX-10.60

Exhibit 10.60 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC 2018 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement ), dated effective as of May 24, 2022 (the Grant Date ), is made by and between Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (the Company ), and [_____________________], a director of the Company you ). 1. Award of Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company hereby grants to you an award of restricted stock units RSUs with respect to its common stock, no par value (the Shares ), pursuant to the Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan. The RSUs constitute Restricted Stock Units and this Award Agreement constitutes an Award Agreement under the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Award Agreement and the Appendix A attached hereto have the applicable meanings set forth in the Plan. With respect to your RSUs granted hereunder, the applicable Total Number of Shares are as follows: Total Number of Shares 3,050 
 2. Vesting Conditions to Award 
 Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, you will be entitled to a payment in Shares with respect to your RSUs based on your Total Number of Shares set forth above and the vesting provisions contained herein. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3 below, you shall become vested in the RSUs on the one (1) year anniversary of the Grant Date (the Vesting Date and in accordance with the Plan, subject to your Continuous Service with the Company through the Vesting Date. Failure to satisfy the foregoing service-based vesting condition will result in total forfeiture of your RSUs and all rights to payment hereunder. 3. Effect of a Change in Control 
 If a Change in Control occurs prior to the Vesting Date, then you will be entitled to receive, no later than thirty (30) days following the effective date of the Change in Control, the Total Number of Shares covered by this Award Agreement. 4. Payment 
 (a) Timing of Settlement . Subject to Section 2 of this Award Agreement, promptly following the Vesting Date the Company will issue to you the Total Number of Shares. Such issuance and payment will be made in accordance with Section 4(c) below within the thirty (30) day period following the Vesting Date; provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control, your RSUs will be settled and paid within the thirty (30) day period specified in Section 3 above. (b) No Dividend Equivalents . No Dividend Equivalents will be paid on or with respect to the RSUs. (c) Form of Payment . All amounts payable with respect to your RSUs will be paid in the form of Shares. RSUs will not be settled or paid in cash. (d) Taxes . Taxes may be assessed and/or withheld as required by law at applicable United States federal, state and/or other tax rates (under the laws of the jurisdictions in which you reside or that may otherwise be applicable to 

 you) with respect to your RSUs and the issuance of Shares in payment of your RSUs. Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, the issuance of Shares in payment of your RSUs described in this Award Agreement will be reduced by a number of Shares having a then Fair Market Value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy the minimum tax withholding obligations applicable to such RSUs and Share issuance. 5. Other Provisions 
 (a) Future Adjustments . In the event of any merger, acquisition, disposition or other corporate event affecting the Company prior to the Vesting Date, the Committee may make such adjustments to the Total Number of Shares subject to this Award Agreement pursuant to Section 12.2 of the Plan. (b) No Guaranty of Future Awards . This Award Agreement in no way guarantees you the right to or expectation that you may receive similar awards with respect to any other period which the Committee may, in its discretion, establish and as to which the Committee may elect to grant Awards under the Plan. (c) No Rights as Shareholder . You will not be considered a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by this Award Agreement unless and until such underlying Shares are issued to you in settlement of your RSUs. (d) No Rights to Continued Service . This Award Agreement will not be deemed to create a contract or other promise of continued service as a director or otherwise with the Company and will not in any way prohibit or restrict the ability of the Company to terminate your service at any time for any reason, with or without cause, at will with or without notice. (e) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award Agreement and your RSUs are intended to constitute and result in a short-term deferral that is exempt from the definition of a nonqualified deferred compensation plan under Section 409A of the Code. (f) Plan . All terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and constitute an integral part hereof. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan, including without limitation Sections 4.2, 13.5, 13.6 and 13.15 of the Plan, will govern and be controlling. (g) Transfers . Neither the RSUs nor the right to receive Shares hereunder may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by you. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the RSUs or the rights relating thereto will be wholly ineffective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of your death, Shares deliverable with respect to the vested RSUs will be delivered to your designated beneficiary under the Plan (or if none, to your estate). (h) Securities Law Restrictions . The issuance of Shares hereunder is conditioned upon compliance by the Company and you with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares may be listed. No Shares will be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. In addition, the Company may require that prior to the issuance of Shares hereunder you enter into a written agreement to comply with any restrictions on subsequent disposition that the Company deems necessary or advisable under any applicable federal and state securities laws. The Shares issued hereunder may be legended to reflect such restrictions. (i) Governing Law . This Award Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to conflict of law principles. (j) Effect on Other Benefits . Participation in the Plan is voluntary. The value of the RSUs is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your normal service and compensation rights, if any. As such, the RSUs are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, bonuses, awards, or retirement benefits or similar payments unless specifically and otherwise provided in the plans or agreements governing such compensation. 
 2 

(k) Entire Agreement . This Award Agreement supersedes in its entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and you, whether oral or written, with respect to the RSUs granted hereunder. By executing and accepting this Award Agreement, you agree to be bound as a Participant by the terms and conditions herein, the Plan and all conditions established by the Committee and the Company in connection with Awards issued under the Plan. MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. ______________________________________ Fred P. Lampropoulos _________________________________________________ A. Scott Anderson President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 

APPENDIX A (Definitions) For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Plan; provided , that no event will constitute a Change of Control unless it is described in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Continuous Service has the meaning set forth in the Plan and includes service with the Company as an employee or Director of the Company. Total Number of Shares means the number of Shares specified in Section 1 of this Award Agreement. 
 4 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 11
 mmsi-20221231xex10d61.htm
 EX-10.61
 
 Exhibit 10.61
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") dated as
of l\'ltlCR JO_, 2022 (the "Effective Date") by and between MM (UT) QRS 11-59, INC., a
Delaware corporation ("Landlord"), as lessor, and MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC., a Utah
corporation ("Tenant"), as lessee.
-W I TN E S S E T H: ---------
WHEREAS, QRS 11-20 (UT), INC., a Utah corporation ("Original Landlord") and Tenant
entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated as of June 8, 1993 (the "Original Lease"), as such
Original Lease was assigned pursuant to that certain Assignment and Assumption of Lease dated
August 29, 2002 (the "Assignment") from Original Landlord to Landlord, and amended by that
certain Addendum to Lease Agreement dated April 24, 2003 (the "Addendum"), and as further
amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated May 22, 2017 (the "First
Amendment", and collectively with the Original Lease, the Addendum and First Amendment, the
"Existing Lease"), with respect to certain real property located at 1600 West Merit Parkway, South
Jordan, UT (the "Leased Premises"); and
WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant hereby desire to further amend the Existing Lease to (i)
revise the Tenant Improvement Allowance and (ii) to adopt the Green Lease Rider attached hereto
as Exhibit F.
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby covenant and agree as follows:
1. Definitions. All capitalized terms contained in this Amendment shall, for the purposes
hereof, have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Existing Lease unless otherwise defined
herein. As used herein, the term "Lease" shall mean the Existing Lease as amended by this
Amendment and as hereafter amended.
2. Lease Amendments. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Existing Lease is hereby
amended as follows:
a. Paragraph 5 of the First Amendment, entitled Tenant Improvement Allowance, is
hereby amended by deleting subsection (a) in its entirety and replacing it with the following:
"(a) Landlord shall provide to Tenant an improvement allowance ("TI
Allowance") equal to 967,245.00 for Approved Work (hereinafter defined) to be completed
by Tenant that Tenant deems necessary or desirable for its continued use and occupancy of
the Leased Premises. Landlord shall reimburse Tenant after completion of the Approved
Work. As used herein, "Approved Work" shall be performed in accordance with Paragraph
13 of the Lease and shall mean (i) sustainability related physical improvements to the
building(s) located on or comprising a part of the Leased Premises, including the installation
of solar panels to the Building(s), the upgrade or replacement of building equipment and
systems with high efficiency alternatives (HV AC, plumbing, electrical, and building
automation systems), improvements to the building envelope, shell or facade, and other
projects subject to Landlord's review and prior written approval and (ii) certain soft costs
(which soft costs shall not, in any event, exceed thirty percent (30 of the TI allowance),
including, but not limited to, space planning, space programming, interior design, design
development drawings, construction drawings, electrical / mechanical / plumbing / 

engineering drawings, commissioning fees, energy audit fees, approval fees, and other
construction design costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Approved Work" shall
specifically exclude the purchase of moveable furniture, fixtures or other equipment which
have no permanent connection to the Leased Premises."
b. The Outside TI Completion Date is extended to November 1, 2022.
c. The Outside TI Submission Date is extended to January 1, 2023.
d. By the insertion of Exhibit "F" ("Green Lease Rider")_attached hereto.
3. Modification. Except as modified and amended by this Amendment, all of the
conditions, covenants and terms of the Lease hereby are confirmed and ratified and shall continue to
be and remain in full force and effect.
4. Entire Agreement. This Amendment and the Lease together contain the entire
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if
any, relating to the subject matter hereof or thereof. Any guarantees, promises, representations or
warranties not herein or therein contained and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless
in writing and executed by the party or parties making such guarantees, promises, representations or
warranties.
5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and
by different parties hereto on separate counterparts that may be electronically exchanged by email in
"PDF" format, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts
shall constitute one (1) and the same instrument.
6. Enforceability. If any provision of this Amendment or its application to any person
or circumstances is invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Amendment, or the
applicability of such provision to other persons or circumstances, shall be valid and enforceable to
the fullest extent permitted by law and shall be deemed to be separate from such invalid or
unenforceable provisions and shall continue in full force and effect.
7. Brokers. Each of Landlord and Tenant represents and warrants to the other that it has
paid any realtors, brokers, finders or agents it worked with in connection with this Amendment, and
each releases and agrees to indemnify the other from and against any claims based on the failure or
alleged failure to pay any realtors, brokers, finders or agents and from any cost, expense or liability
for any compensation, commission or changes claimed by any realtors, brokers, finders or agents
claiming by, through or on behalf of it with respect to this Amendment or the negotiation of this
Amendment.
8. Governing Law. Paragraph 38(i) of the Lease is incorporated herein by this reference
to the same extent as if fully set forth herein.
9. Ratified. The Lease and all covenants agreements, terms and conditions thereof shall
remam m full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed, as modified by this
Amendment.
10. Binding Agreement. This Amendment shall be binding on the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. 

11. Estoppel. Each of Landlord and Tenant hereby certifies to the other party that to the
knowledge of such party, no default by either Landlord or Tenant exists under the Lease as modified
and amended by this Agreement.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHER OF, l.,andlord and f'enant have caussd this Amendmcnt to be cluly
executed as of the date first above written.
[,4oNnr;Qlrn:
MM (UT) QRS 1l-59,INC.'
a Delaware corporation
By
Name:
rf)il , .Nll:
Merit Med Inc.
a t.ltah
By
Name: fr t l f C-a f
Title: AAA
Ti
Signature Page to Seconcl Amendmenl to l.,ease Agreement 

EXHIBIT "F"
GREEN LEASE RIDER
1. Definitions.
"Building Certifications" shall mean those Green Building Standards
under which the Improvements (i) are in the process of becoming certified, or (ii) may in the
future become certified.
"Green Building Laws" shall mean any present or future federal, state, or
local laws, regulations, ordinances or other governmental requirements applicable to the
Improvements expressly intended to require energy, waste, water, or carbon reduction, or other
sustainable practices.
"Green Building Standards" shall mean standards for the certification of
environmentally sustainable, high performance buildings or aspects of their performance,
including without limitation the US EPA Energy Star rating, Green Building Initiative's Green
GlobesTM for Continual Improvement of Existing Buildings (Green GlobesTM-CIEB), the US
Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED rating, and
other similar certification standards.
2. Reporting.
(a) Tenant shall enroll in Landlord's utility data sharing program
and provide Landlord with electricity consumption, recycling and water consumption data
for the Leased Premises.
(b) The Landlord will use commercially reasonable efforts to co-operate with the Tenant to evaluate whether the certification of the Leased Premises pursuant to
any rating scheme, such as ASHRAE standard 189.11, LEED-CI standard (as specified by the
U.S. Green Building Council) is feasible. Tenant agrees to provide all reasonable information
reasonably required by the Landlord consistent with the accreditation or certifications required to
comply with Green Building Laws or Landlord's Sustainability Practices, in a form acceptable to
the Landlord, acting reasonably, within 30 Days of request.
3. Compliance with Green Building Laws and Landlord's Sustainability
Practices.
(a) Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate to maintain the Building
Certifications and to consider adoption of sustainable management practices proposed by either
Party. Subject to the limitations in Section 3(b), Tenant shall not use or operate the Leased
Premises in any way that would cause the Improvements to lose its Building Certifications.
(b) Landlord and Tenant shall discuss and cooperate with one another to
obtain potential Building Certifications for the Building and the Leased Premises and establish
appropriate goals with respect thereto. Any failure for any reason by Landlord or Tenant to
obtain or maintain any Building Certifications shall be without liability to Landlord or Tenant
and shall not constitute a default by Landlord or Tenant hereunder, nor in the case of Tenant, 

entitle Tenant to any abatement or reduction in Fixed Rent or Additional Rent, relieve Tenant of
any obligation under this Lease or impose any liability upon Landlord.
(c) Landlord and Tenant shall consider and take into account the guidelines
promulgated by the Green Building Standards for the construction of alterations when
performing any work in the Improvements or the Leased Premises; it being understood,
however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, compliance
with such guidelines shall be in Landlord's or Tenant's sole discretion and failure to so comply
shall not be a default under this Lease unless such compliance is required by Law and the party
required to so comply fails to do so in accordance with the terms of this Lease.
(d) Tenant shall endeavor in good faith to use proven and feasible energy,
water, carbon reduction, and other sustainable measures. e) Tenant shall, at its own cost and expense:
(i) comply with any present or future Green Building Laws
regarding collecting, sorting, separating, recycling, and composting of garbage, trash, and other
refuse (collectively, "Waste");
(ii)
or future Green Building Laws;
sort and separate Tenant's Waste according to any present
(iii) arrange for collection of any of Tenant's Waste that is not
sorted and separated as required by any present or future Green Building Laws; and
(iv) pay on demand any and all costs, expenses, fines, penalties
or damages that may be imposed on Landlord or Tenant due to Tenant's failure to comply with
the provisions of this Exhibit F.
4. On-Site Renewable Energy.
(a) To the extent provided by Landlord, Tenant shall purchase energy
from on-site renewables from Landlord via a Power Purchase Agreement (PP A). Landlord shall
install, own, and maintain the on-site generation, including without limitation solar panels and
arrays, and sell power directly to Tenant at a fixed rate that is at or below the electricity rate
offered by local utilities. Tenant hereby grants Landlord the right to install solar panels on the
roof of the Improvements or on the Leased Premises, provided Tenant shall not bear the expense
of such installation and such installation does not materially interfere with Tenant's quiet
enjoyment of the Leased Premises or business operations. Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Section 4(a), Tenant shall not be obligated to purchase electricity directly from Landlord
to the extent its contractual obligations to Rocky Mountain Power prohibit Tenant's purchase of
electricity from a source other than Rocky Mountain Power. 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 mmsi-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 mmsi-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 mmsi-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 mmsi-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 mmsi-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

