<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1853928_0001564590-23-004670.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5198997</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>365402</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>820998</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1646556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>970628</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1318957</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-004670.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329183947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-004670
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853928
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981585436
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40954
		FILM NUMBER:		23776655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		142 GREENE STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 757-1310

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		142 GREENE STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10012

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-004670.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 adalu-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

adalu-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares of 9.98). 
 
 As of March 29, 2023 , Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 4 

PART I 

5 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 10 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 52 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 52 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 52 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 52 

PART II 

53 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 53 

ITEM 6. 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 53 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 54 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 58 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 58 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 58 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 58 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 58 

PART III 

59 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 59 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 65 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 65 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 
 67 

ITEM 14 . 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 68 

PART IV 

70 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 70 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 70 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Unless otherwise stated in this annual report on Form 10-K, references to: 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted prior to the consummation of its initial public offering 

Anthemis Group are to Anthemis Group S.A. and its relevant subsidiaries as the context may require 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our company or any of our subsidiaries which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of our company or such subsidiary, including any private placement of equity or debt 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by, and issued to, our sponsor in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be 

issued upon the automatic conversion thereof at the time of our initial business combination as described herein 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and other holders who are the recipients of the founder shares (as transferred by the sponsor) prior to the initial public offering (if any) 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution of the company adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter, and such resolution may be effected by unanimous written resolution of the shareholders 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares, collectively 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management team s status as a public shareholder only exists with respect to such public shares 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), but specifically excludes all of our Class A ordinary shares that are issued upon conversion of our Class B ordinary shares 

public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, including warrants that may be acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) 

special resolution are to a resolution of the company adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter, or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter 

sponsor are to Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (acting through its general partner, Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company), controlled and owned by members of our management and board of directors, an affiliate of Anthemis Group and certain other individuals and 

units are to our units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant sold in the initial public offering (whether purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) 

warrants are to our public warrants and private placement warrants, as well as any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans upon or following the consummation of our initial business combination, collectively. 

3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements contained in this Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our pool of prospective target businesses 

the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) on our ability to consummate an initial business combination or on the restaurant and hospitality related sectors 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading 

the lack of a market for our securities 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties or 

our financial performance. 

 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Item IA. Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

4 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 26, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). We have not selected any potential Business Combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target. We intend to focus our efforts in the area of digital financial services, or modern financial technology, on companies that reflect our core guiding principles of collaboration, virtuous cycle outcomes and diversity, equity and inclusivity . 
 Significant Activities Since Inception 
 On November 1, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 14.1 million, of which approximately 8.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 7,800,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant with the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 11.7 million. 
 Upon the closing of the initial public offering, and the private placement, approximately 234.6 million 10.20 per unit) of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain of the proceeds of the private placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 
 Our units began trading on October 28, 2021 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol ADALU . On December 27, 2021, the securities comprising the units began separate trading. The Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants trade on Nasdaq under the symbols ADAL and ADALW, respectively. 
 Recent Developments 
 None. 
 Status as a Public Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 
 5 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30. 
 Effecting our Initial Business Combination 
 We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other businesses or assets or for working capital. 
 We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 
 We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 
 
 6 

Sources of Target Businesses 
 Our process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our sponsor and our management team s industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our sponsor, our directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 
 In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our initial public offering prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 Each of our officers and directors presently has and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual, or other obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will honor his or her obligations and duties to present such opportunity to such other entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 
 7 

Lack of Business Diversification 
 For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 
 Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 
 We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 Competition 
 In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 
 8 

Employees 
 We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in . 
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 
 We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 
 We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by 
 
 9 

non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 We are a newly incorporated company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to the following: 

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

10 

We may seek business combination opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrantholders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire without value to the holder. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrant could be converted into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants without value to the holder. 

Past performance by our management team and Anthemis Group may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

Our initial shareholders will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint and remove all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

11 

An investment in us may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor, including uncertainty with respect to the allocation of tax basis among the components of our units, the tax treatment of a cashless exercise of warrants and the applicable holding period of our Class A ordinary shares. 

We may be treated as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 
 We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, our management team has no history of operating a blank check company, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 
 We are a newly incorporated company established in the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through our initial public offering. Because we lack an operating history and our management team has no history of operating a blank check company, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 
 We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 
 Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 
 At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 
 Our sponsor owns 23.81 of our outstanding ordinary shares (to be converted into 20 of our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination), which corresponds to 20 of the voting power of all 
 
 12 

issued and outstanding ordinary shares . Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which, in respect of our company, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, and who vote at a general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001 , or 37.5 , or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) of the 23 ,000,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 
 We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. 
 Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 
 13 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 
 At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 
 If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 
 The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the time of the initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our initial business combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 
 Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 
 14 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The pandemic, together with resulting voluntary and U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. governmental actions, including, without limitation, mandatory business closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets. Although the long-term economic fallout of COVID-19 is difficult to predict, it has and is expected to continue to have ongoing material adverse effects across many, if not all, aspects of the regional, national and global economy. The COVID- 19 outbreak has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected, in the case of COVID-19, and could adversely affect, in the case of future outbreaks of infectious diseases, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID- 19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (net of any taxes payable by us and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as 
 
 15 

promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or possibly less, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 
 We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 
 To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or public warrants from public shareholders or public warrantholders, which may influence the outcome of a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of Nasdaq. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 
 In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial 
 
 16 

business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 
 During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert the attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 We will be required to comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 
 17 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination, in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 18 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement , it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 
 Of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,450,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the initial public offering however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 
 If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues in relation to a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of 
 
 19 

assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements and numerous complex tax laws. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by SPACs and business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 
 Although we intend to focus our search on a target business in digital financial services, or modern financial technology, we may complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 
 20 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 
 In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 We may seek business combination opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 
 To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues, cash flows or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm. However, our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 
 Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrantholders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 
 Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, we may structure our 
 
 21 

business combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrantholders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrantholders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrantholder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of such holder s shares or warrants. 
 We will likely effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the Cayman Islands and, possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions, and we may reincorporate in a different jurisdiction in connection therewith (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in many jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. In addition, shareholders and warrantholders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 
 We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 
 We may engage one or more of our underwriters from our initial public offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our initial public offering prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 
 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 
 If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 
 22 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 
 Although we have no commitments to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 Of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, up to 234,600,000 will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to 8,050,000, for payment of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions). 
 We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may 
 
 23 

have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and may give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 
 In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 
 24 

In order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or other governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our shareholders or warrantholders may not support. 
 Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of the initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 In order to effectuate a business combination, we may amend various provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and other governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Except in relation to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. 
 
 25 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 
 The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 Other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination (which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our shares voting at a general meeting), the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our shares voting at a general meeting) related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our shares who attend and vote in a general meeting. Our initial shareholders, collectively beneficially own 23.81 of our ordinary shares (to be converted into 20 of our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination, as described further below), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Annual Report forms a part, that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our public shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, 
 
 26 

officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 
 It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 
 Our current officers may not remain in their positions following our business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 
 When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 18 months before redemption from our trust account. 
 If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of any taxes payable by us and less up to 100,000 of interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders form the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate, the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our shareholders as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the initial 18 months before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. 
 Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 
 
 27 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 If we pursue a target business with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 
 If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in executing cross-border transactions, managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements 

tariffs and trade barriers 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements 

longer payment cycles 

tax issues including complex withholding or other tax regimes which may apply in connection with our business combination or to our structure following our business combination, variations in tax laws as 

28 

compared to the United States, and potential changes in the applicable tax laws in the United States and/or relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls 

rates of inflation 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable 

cultural and language differences 

employment regulations 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems 

corruption 

protection of intellectual property 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances 

regime changes and political upheaval 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars 

deterioration of political relations with the United States and 

government appropriation of assets. 

 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 
 Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 
 The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 
 
 29 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 
 In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in non-U.S. regions fluctuates and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 
 If we acquire a non-U.S. target, our results of operations may be negatively impacted because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations. 
 We may pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination. Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross- border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. 
 If social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval or policy changes or enactments occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our business. 
 In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country. 
 Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition. 
 Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. 
 Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. 
 Because foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or enforce remedies for breaches of those agreements outside of such foreign jurisdiction s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the 
 
 30 

United States. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities. 
 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 
 In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and each of the non-independent directors nominated by our sponsor, to approve our initial business combination, which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business combination that our public shareholders would consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and each of the non-independent directors nominated by our sponsor, to approve our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is unlikely that we will be able to enter into an initial business combination unless our sponsor s members find the target and the business combination attractive. This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into an initial business combination than other blank check companies and could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or other board or corporate action that our public shareholders would find favorable. 
 Risks Relating to our Securities 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with our completion of an initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in Nasdaq s listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity 
 
 31 

(generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq . For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 
 If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities 

reduced liquidity for our securities 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of NASDAQ s rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. 
 Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules. Under Nasdaq s corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the appointment of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq s rules 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and 

we have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 

 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 
 
 32 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because our securities are listed on a national securities exchange, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 
 Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Annual Report forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our 
 
 33 

company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment, and subject where relevant to their fiduciary duties, may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding up petition or a winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a liquidator may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby potentially exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding up petition or a winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference . As a result, a liquidator could seek to challenge the transaction and recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding up petition or a winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding up petition or a winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 
 34 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. 
 
 35 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 
 If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine and to imprisonment in the Cayman Islands or both. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 
 We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three- year term. 
 We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire without value to the holder. 
 We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. To exercise public warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the public warrants in exchange for a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the public warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the ten trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and there is no exemption 
 
 36 

available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire without value to the holder. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering . In such an instance, the holders of the private placement warrants (which may include our sponsor and our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise such warrants. 
 The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 Our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. 
 The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrant could be converted into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, (ii) removing or reducing our ability to redeem the public warrants, (iii) amending the definition of Ordinary Cash Dividend or adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants in any material respect or (iv) providing for the delivery of Alternative Issuance. All other modifications or amendments, (a) with respect to the terms of the public warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the public warrants requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants, and (b) with respect to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 
 37 

Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then- outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants without value to the holder. 
 We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. 
 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. 
 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 
 We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered our initial public offering and in a private placement an aggregate of 7,800,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. Our initial shareholders currently own an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares. 
 The founder shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 
 38 

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 
 Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to our initial public offering whose units include Class A ordinary shares and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 
 Unlike some blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the market value is below 9.20 per share, then (i) the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price and (ii) the 18.00 redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriter fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 If you exercise your warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 There are circumstances in which the exercise of the warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that our Class A ordinary shares satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. To exercise warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants in exchange for a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the 
 
 39 

warrants, and (ii) the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) the product of the number of warrants surrendered and 0.361 (subject to adjustment). The fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares as used in this paragraph shall mean the average last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. As a result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 
 We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the initial business combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 
 The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of our initial public offering, then we will, among other things, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (net of any taxes payable by us and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 The founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of our Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares, will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of (i) the total number of our ordinary shares issued in our initial public offering, including shares issued in connection with the underwriters option to purchase additional units, plus (ii) the total number of our Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any of our Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into our Class A ordinary shares, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 
 
 40 

An investment in us may result in additional uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor. 
 An investment in us may result in additional uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we issued in our initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes of the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary share and the one-half of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants is unclear under current law. Additionally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our Class A ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of a Class A ordinary share is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be eligible for favorable U.S. federal income tax treatment. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 
 We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 
 If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year prior to the time we effect a business combination, we currently intend to endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder, upon written request, such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and final Treasury Regulations provide that such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 The excise tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination, or have other adverse effects. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock or shares by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain other entities. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock or share issuances against the fair market value of stock or share repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 
 
 41 

Any redemption or other repurchase of our shares in connection with an initial business combination particularly one that involves our combination with a U.S. entity and/or our domestication as a U.S. corporation may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax would depend on a number of factors, including i the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the initial business combination, (ii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination but issued within the same taxable year of the initial business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax are unclear. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete an initial business combination and in our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 
 Past performance by our management team and Anthemis Group may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 
 Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team, Anthemis Group and its portfolio companies and any related investment is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team, Anthemis Group and its portfolio companies and any related investment is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, Anthemis Group and its portfolio companies or any related investment s performance as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities outside of our target industries or sectors (which industries or sectors may or may not be outside of our management s areas of expertise). 
 Although we intend to focus on identifying business combination candidates that provide for solutions promoting sustainable development, economic growth and prosperity, we will consider a business combination outside of our target industries or sectors if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in our target industries or sectors after having expended a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of our target industries or sectors, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding our target industries or sectors would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business could remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These 
 
 42 

individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 
 Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 
 Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our directors are, and our officers and directors may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. 
 Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer will have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any of our directors or officers on the one hand, and us, on the other hand. 
 For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management - Officers and Directors Management - Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 
 Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 
 We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us 
 
 43 

or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 In particular, members of our sponsor and its affiliates, including Anthemis Group and its portfolio companies, also are focused on investments in areas of financial services and financial technology. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our best interests. If this were the case and the directors fail to act in accordance with their fiduciary duties owed to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 
 We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 
 In light of the involvement or potential involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management - Conflicts of Interest. They may also have investments in target businesses. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business - Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our obligation to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 
 In March 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. Upon completion of our initial public offering, the voting power of each Class B ordinary was adjusted such that the aggregate voting power of all Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding at the consummation of the initial public offering equals 20 of the voting power of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering including the over-allotment option) . The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,800,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 11,700,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will 
 
 44 

expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is generally the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 
 Our initial shareholders will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint and remove all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 
 Our initial shareholders own shares representing 23.81 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (to be converted into 20 of our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination, as described further below). In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial shareholders, (i) entitle the holders to appoint and remove all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and (ii) in a vote to continue the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all shares), entitle the holders to ten votes for every Class B ordinary share. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our shares voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment or removal of directors or our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any units or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial shareholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. 
 
 45 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 
 Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 
 We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Our officers and directors are not required to, and our directors will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which they may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.003 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 
 In March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Our officers and directors have a significant economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. 
 Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 
 We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 
 
 46 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely i to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 As described elsewhere in this Report, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of this material weakness, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weakness identified, see Part II, Item 9A: Controls and Procedures included in this Report. 
 To respond to this material weakness, we plan to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, a material adverse effect on our business could be the result of ineffective internal controls. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 47 

We can give no assurance that the measures we plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements . 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory section that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.5 million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately 0.6 million. The Company s liquidity needs up to November 1, 2021 had been satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 152,500. 
 Subsequent to the consummation of our initial public offering and private placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with the net proceeds from the initial public offering and associated private placements, 234,600,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account and 450,493 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. 
 The Company will need to raise further additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. In addition to the loan commitment described herein, the Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. On October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with Anthemis Group S.A. as lender, in the aggregate amount of 1,000,000 due December 31, 2023 to cover future working capital needs, as necessary. The Loan Facility Agreement shall bear an interest rate of six percent per year. The current balance of the loan facility is 0. 
 The Company is less than three months from its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Management has determined that the liquidity condition due to insufficient working capital and mandatory liquidation raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date the financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. 
 These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We may issue additional ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 477,000,000 and 42,812,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account Class A ordinary shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of Class B ordinary shares. Our Class B ordinary shares 
 
 48 

are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. There are no preferred shares issued and outstanding. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into our Class A ordinary shares subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. 
 We may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of holders of ordinary shares 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of that year s second fiscal quarter, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 
 49 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 
 Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 
 50 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome for us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes- Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 
 We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 
 We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 
 We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 
 Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 
 51 

Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive office is located at 122 Hudson Street, 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10013. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

52 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our units trade on Nasdaq under the symbol ADALU . The Class A ordinary shares and warrants trade on Nasdaq under the symbols ADAL and ADAL, respectively. 
 Holders 
 On March 29, 2023 , there were 11 holders of record of our units, 62 holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 46 holders of record of our warrants. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 
 
 53 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 References to we , us , our or the Company are to Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp, except where the context requires otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 
 Overview 
 We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 26, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of the foregoing. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 7,800,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant with the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 11.7 million. 
 Upon the closing of the initial public offering, and the private placement, approximately 234.6 million 10.20 per unit) of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain of the proceeds of the private placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 
 Recent Developments 
 None. 
 Results of Operations 
 Our entire activity since inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the initial public offering, and since the closing of the initial public offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities on assets in trust account . We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 
 
 54 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 2,482,266, which consisted of interest income earned on the trust account of 3,438,615, offset by formation and operating costs of 956,349. 
 For the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 483,619, which consisted of the gain on settlement of payable of 693,229 and interest income earned on the trust account of 3,195 less formation and operating costs of 212,805. 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern Considerations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.5 million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately 0.6 million. The Company s liquidity needs up to November 1, 2021 had been satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 152,500. 
 Subsequent to the consummation of our initial public offering and private placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with the net proceeds from the initial public offering and associated private placements, 234,600,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account and 450,493 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. 
 The Company will need to raise further additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. In addition to the loan commitment described herein, the Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. On October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with Anthemis Group S.A. as lender, in the aggregate amount of 1,000,000 due December 31, 2023 to cover future working capital needs, as necessary. The Loan Facility Agreement shall bear an interest rate of six percent per year. The current balance of the loan facility is 0. 
 The Company is less than three months from its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Management has determined that the liquidity condition due to insufficient working capital and mandatory liquidation raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date the financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. 
 These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Other than the below, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 
 Loan Facility Agreement 
 On October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with Anthemis Group S.A. as lender, in the aggregate amount of 1,000,000 due December 31, 2023 to cover future working capital needs, as necessary. The Loan Facility Agreement shall bear an interest rate of six percent per year. The current balance of the loan facility is 0. 
 
 55 

Promissory Note 
 On March 3, 2021, An affiliate of the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company 200,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were no n-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of May 20, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. The Company had borrowed 152,500 under such promissory note, which was paid in full. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no amount was outstanding under the note. 
 Administrative Service Fee 
 Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support, and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred 120,000 of administrative service fees, all of which were fully paid. For the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred and paid 21,612 of administrative service fees. 
 Underwriting Agreement 
 We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments. On November 1, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full. 
 On November 1, 2021, we paid cash underwriting commissions of 2.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 4,600,000. 
 The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 8,050,000, which will be paid from the funds held in the Trust Account upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statement in conformity with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement. 
 Making estimates requires us to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 
 We comply with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1. Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the IPO that were directly related to the IPO. We incurred offering costs amounting to 14,101,214 as a result of the IPO consisting of 4,600,000 of underwriting commissions, 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, and 1,451,214 of other offering costs. The offering costs were charged to temporary equity and additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the IPO. Immediately thereafter, temporary equity was remeasured, and an adjustment was recognized through additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit to adjust temporary equity to the redemption value. 
 Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 
 We account for our Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary share (including ordinary share that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other 
 
 56 

times, ordinary share s are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary share feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , 23,000,000 Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 
 Net Income Per Ordinary Share 
 We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary share and Class B ordinary share. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the IPO and the private placement to purchase an aggregate 19,300,000 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants into shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 
 Our statement of operations applies the two-class method in calculating net income per share. Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share for Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing net income attributable to us by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding, allocated proportionally to each class of shares as set out in the Statements of Operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. The update simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in Subtopic 470-20, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options for convertible instruments and introducing other changes. As a result of ASU No. 2020-06, more convertible debt instruments will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost and more convertible preferred stock will be accounted for as a single equity instrument measured at its historical cost, as long as no features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. The amendments are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU No. 2020-06 upon its incorporation. There was no impact on the balance sheet. 
 Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 JOBS Act 
 The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 
 
 57 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-16 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. Our management has concluded that the internal control procedures around the interpretation and accounting for complex financial instruments issued by the company were not effectively designed resulting in a material weakness in internal control. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, our management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 
 Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies . 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as the circumstances that led to the restatement of our financial statements described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K had not yet been identified. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 58 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 As of the date of this report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Amy Nauiokas 
 
 5 1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chair and Director 

Mei Lim 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Briana van Strijp 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Bruce Aust 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Pamela Thomas Graham 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Baroness Helena Morrissey 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Janice Savin Williams 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

Denotes an executive officer. 

 Amy Nauiokas has been the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions and a member of our board of directors since our inception, as well as the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Anthemis Group. Ms. Nauiokas is a visionary executive, investor and a recognized leader in innovation, strategy, and management across a variety of markets and industries. As an investor, Ms. Nauiokas has built a strong investment portfolio of best-in-class, high-growth companies. Current investments include Betterment, Tr v, Happy Money and Currencycloud. Her exits include Flo Technologies, Zoopla, Fidor Bank (acquired by BPCE in 2016), Simple (acquired by BBVA in 2014) and The Climate Corporation (acquired by Monsanto in 2013). Ms. Nauiokas is currently a board member of Tr v, Matic, Arthena, Koffie Labs, EasyHealth and Inked Brands. Ms. Nauiokas was previously CEO and Managing Director of Barclays Stockbrokers, where she successfully transformed the business from a share-dealing service into a multi-product, global financial services portal. Ms. Nauiokas joined Barclays Group in 2004 as Head of E-commerce at the investment bank, where she was credited for driving significant expansion and adoption of the firm s electronic products and markets to institutional clients globally. Before joining Barclays, Ms. Nauiokas was Senior Managing Director and Partner at Cantor Fitzgerald from 2000 to 2004. At Cantor, Ms. Nauiokas was part of the management team responsible for driving Cantor s brokerage business online through the successful launch of online business eSpeed, Inc., which was later sold to NASDAQ for 750 million. Ms. Nauiokas also played a critical role in the company s rebuilding efforts after September 11, serving as Head of Investor Relations, Global Marketing and Human Resources for the firm. In 2020, Ms. Nauiokas was recognized among the 100 Powerful Women in leadership by Entrepreneur Magazine. Between 2015 and 2018, Ms. Nauiokas was listed among the industry s most powerful dealmakers in Institutional Investor s Fintech Finance 40. Other awards include Variety s Dealmakers Elite New York in 2018, Variety s Women of Impact in 2016 and The Memo s 16 Pioneering Women Shaking Up Digital Finance. Ms. Nauiokas serves as a board member at Power Finance Inc. and is a member of the Dickinson College Board of Trustees. She has previously served on the Global Leadership Board of Time s Up, as the International Board Chair of Make-A-Wish and was a member of the Fast Company Impact Council. Ms. Nauiokas holds a Masters of International Affairs in International Business from Columbia University, where she has also served as an Adjunct Professor in the business school and received her Bachelor of Arts in International Studies from Dickinson College. 
 Mei Lim has been the Chief Financial Officer of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions since our inception, and is currently the Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development at Anthemis Group. Leveraging over twenty years of experience within the financial services industry, Ms. Lim brings valuable relationships and insights across M&A, corporate development and finance. Prior to joining Anthemis Group, Ms. Lim was a Managing Director at Barclays, in various areas namely Corporate Development, Strategy, Principal Investments and Finance. During her tenure at Barclays, Ms. Lim led and structured numerous complex mergers, acquisitions, investments and divestitures for Barclays, in many cases, positioning a company for growth and subsequent successful exit. Notable examples are Bloomberg s acquisition of Barclays Risk Analytics and Index Solutions, including Barclays fixed income benchmark indices. Most recently, Ms. Lim served as Managing Director in Finance in Business Banking at 
 
 59 

Barclays, which included developing strategic partnerships and sponsoring equity investments in specialist fintech to offer products and services to over one million of their small-medium size (SME) customers in the UK. Additionally, Ms. Lim has worked in M&A and transaction advisory amongst other roles at Macquarie Group, Fox-Pitt, Kelton, Ernst and Young and Goldman Sachs. Ms. Lim also holds a Chartered Accountancy with the Institute of Chartered Accountants (Scotland) and a Bachelor of Laws - LLB with Bristol University. 
 Briana van Strijp has been the Chief Operating Officer of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions since our inception, and is currently Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer at Anthemis Group. Leveraging over twenty years of industry expertise in strategy, organizational design and cultural change across public and private companies, Ms. van Strijp has been instrumental in transforming Anthemis Group s portfolio success platform. Ms. van Strijp manages a robust ecosystem of relationships, working as a trusted partner to founders and advisor to C-suite executives within the platform, to amplify their growth trajectory and impact. Previously, Ms. van Strijp worked at Suncorp from 2009 to 2016, where she led People Strategy and transformational change, and served as a member of the business strategic innovation practice which was involved in Suncorp s insurtech equity investment in Tr v and subsequent partnership to bring Tr v s then episodic insurance product to the Australian personal insurance market. Prior to that, Ms. van Strijp worked at Promina from 2006 to 2009, where she led the post-Suncorp M&A integration employing entity harmonization and cultural alignment. Additionally, Ms. van Strijp has over fifteen years of financial services experience, is a member of the Fintech for All Steering Committee and was recognized under RealDeals Future 40 Diversity & Inclusion Leaders in 2020, Innovate Finance s Women in FinTech Powerlist 2018 and has operated as a CultureTech advisor since 2016. Ms. van Strijp holds a Bachelor s in Commerce from Deakin University. 
 Bruce Aust , has served as one of our independent directors since January 2022, is a board member to several private companies as well as an advisor to 150 Bond, an advisory firm to C-suite level executives. Mr. Aust is the retired Vice Chairman of Nasdaq where he worked closely with Nasdaq s Global Listings Services business to assist clients and prospective clients worldwide from 2015 to 2019. Mr. Aust also served as President of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center, located in San Francisco and played an integral role in its creation and launch. The Entrepreneurial Center is a nonprofit organization funded by the Nasdaq Educational Foundation, designed to engage emerging entrepreneurs through events, hands-on mentorship and education. Previously, as Executive Vice President, Mr. Aust led Nasdaq s new listings and capital markets business, as well as global business development and C-suite relationship management, overseeing 3,900 companies on Nasdaq s sixteen listing markets worldwide. During his tenure of over twenty years, Nasdaq listed some of the largest initial public offerings in Nasdaq history including Google, Facebook, Tesla, PayPal and Baidu. Mr. Aust has assisted over 300 companies with public listings while developing relationships with leading Nasdaq listed company CEO s. Prior to his tenure at Nasdaq, Mr. Aust spent twelve years at Fidelity Investments in numerous roles within their retail brokerage unit from 1986 to 1998. As a change agent, he played a critical role in Fidelity s transformative shift from reactive retail brokerage offices, to a more proactive Financial Consultant relationship. Mr. Aust holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Southern Mississippi. 
 Pamela Thomas-Graham , has served as one of our independent directors since our inception, is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Dandelion Chandelier LLC, a private digital media enterprise focused on global luxury. Prior to establishing Dandelion Chandelier in August 2016, Ms. Thomas-Graham served as Chair, New Markets, of Credit Suisse Group AG from October 2015 to June 2016 and as Chief Marketing and Talent Officer, Head of Private Banking & Wealth Management New Markets and Executive Board Member of Credit Suisse from January 2010 to October 2015. From 2008 to 2009, she served as a managing director in the private equity group at Angelo, Gordon & Co. From 2005 to 2007, Ms. Thomas-Graham held the position of Group President at Liz Claiborne, Inc. She served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC from 2001 to 2005. Previously, Ms. Thomas-Graham served as an Executive Vice President of NBCUniversal and as President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC.com. Ms. Thomas-Graham began her career at a global consulting firm, McKinsey & Company in 1989 and became the firm s first African-American female partner in 1995. She has served on the board of directors of The Clorox Company since September 2005 and has served as its Lead Independent Director since August 2016. Ms. Thomas-Graham has also served on the board of directors of The Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited since December 2017, Peloton Interactive, Inc. since March 2018, Norwegian Cruise Lines Holdings since April 2018, Compass since February 2020 and Bumble (recently had its IPO) since July 2020. Ms. Thomas-Graham holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Master of Business Administration and Doctor of Law degrees from Harvard University. 
 
 60 

Baroness Helena Morrissey , DBE, has served as one of our independent directors since our inception, recently retired from Legal & General, where she led the firm s new digitally enabled affluent investment business. For fifteen years from 2001 to 2016, Ms. Morrissey served as Chief Executive of Newton, the 50 billion UK-headquartered investment management affiliate of BNY Mellon Investment Management. She has built a reputation as an investor, leader of people, initiator of significant initiatives designed to improve corporate governance in the UK and a champion of a truly inclusive modern society. Most notable of these was launching the 30 Club, a member organization that has campaigned successfully to increase the representation of women on corporate boards. The approach of the Club has since been adopted internationally in locations such as Europe, Africa and Asia. Ms. Morrissey has been named one of Fortune Magazine s World s 50 Greatest Leaders. She has twice been voted one of the 50 Most Influential People in Finance globally by Bloomberg Markets. Ms. Morrissey is a regular media commentator on topics as wide-ranging as climate change, executive pay and Brexit. Her well-received guest edit of the Today program in December 2016 developed the theme of power to the people and featured contributions from Michael Gove, John Macfarlane and Michael Lewis. Ms. Morrissey has served on the board of directors of the Financial Services Trade and Investment Board since July 2015, Daniel J. Edelman since 2019 and St James s Place since January 2020. Ms. Morrissey is a Fellow of London Business School and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by Cambridge University in 2016. She was appointed CBE in the 2012 and subsequently promoted to Dame in 2017 in honor of her services to diversity in Financial Services and then Baroness in 2020, when she made her maiden speech in the House of Lords. Ms. Morrissey holds a Masters in Philosophy from the University of Cambridge. 
 Janice Savin Williams, has served as one of our independent directors since our inception, is an equity holder and a Managing Director at Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC, America s largest women and minority-owned investment bank. Previously, Mrs. Savin Williams was Co-Founder and Senior Principal of the Williams Capital Group, L.P., a full-service investment bank. Since 2000, Thomson Reuters consistently ranked Williams Capital among the most active underwriters of publicly traded equity and investment grade corporate debt offerings. Prior to its merger in November 2019 with and into Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC, Mrs. Savin Williams spent twenty-five years at Williams Capital Group, L.P as a successful taxable fixed income salesperson and evaluating strategic new business initiatives. Mrs. Savin Williams began her thirty-year career on Wall Street with Shearson Lehman Brothers. She then became Vice President of taxable fixed income sales at Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc. before joining the Industrial Bank of Japan. She is the current Trustee of Tufts University and has been a board member of several community and professional associations and not-for-profit organizations, including The Fresh Air Fund, ISI, Inc., Roundabout Theatre Company and Lenox Hill Neighborhood House. In 2010, she was appointed Vice Chair of the National Advisory Council on Minority Business Enterprises. Additionally, Mrs. Savin Williams was the driving force behind the board of directors formation for the Harlem School of the Arts (HSA), serving as Vice-Chair and Secretary from 2010 to 2020. Through her dedicated fundraising and lobbying efforts, Mrs. Savin Williams successfully championed to prevent the permanent closure of HSA s doors in 2010. Extremely active in the New York City civic and not-for-profit landscape, Mrs. Savin Williams received the 2010 CUP Leadership Award, The African American Heritage Award from the City of New York, the Partnership with Children s 2004 Ann Vanderbilt Award and the 2004 Business Leadership Award of the New York State Supreme Court. Additionally, she received the 2013 Leadership Award from the Harlem School of the Arts. Mrs. Savin Williams earned her Bachelor of Arts in Economics at Tufts University. 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 
 Our board of directors is composed of five directors and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Janice Savin Williams, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Pamela Thomas Graham and Baroness Helena Morrissey, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Amy Nauiokas and Bruce Aust will expire at the third annual general meeting. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after we consummate our initial business combination. 
 Holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint and remove all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment or removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a majority of at least 90 of our shares voting at a general meeting. 
 
 61 

Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors and each of the non-independent directors nominated by our sponsor. 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 Director Independence 
 Nasdaq s listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. However, as a controlled company we are not obligated to comply with this listing requirement, but we do intend to comply with this requirement. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Pamela Thomas Graham, Baroness Helena Morrissey and Janice Savin Williams are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 Committees of the Board 
 Audit Committee 
 We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Baroness Helena Morrissey, Pamela Thomas Graham and Bruce Aust serve as members of our audit committee. Because we have listed our securities on Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, our audit committee must consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Baroness Helena Morrissey, Pamela Thomas Graham and Bruce Aust are independent. 
 Baroness Helena Morrissey serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Baroness Helena Morrissey, Pamela Thomas Graham and Bruce Aust qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 We adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of any independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by any independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures 

reviewing and discussing with our independent registered public accounting firm all relationships our auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of our independent registered public accounting firm 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from our independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues 

62 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction and 

reviewing with management, our independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

 Compensation Committee 
 We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Pamela Thomas Graham, Baroness Helena Morrissey and Janice Savin Williams serve as members of our compensation committee. Under Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Pamela Thomas Graham, Baroness Helena Morrissey and Janice Savin Williams are independent. Baroness Helena Morrissey serves as chair of the compensation committee. 
 We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our sponsor and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 
 
 63 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 We have established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Pamela Thomas Graham, Baroness Helena Morrissey and Janice Savin Williams. Pamela Thomas Graham serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee include: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

 The nominating and corporate governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of Nasdaq. 
 Director Nominations 
 Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting of the shareholders. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The code of ethics are available on our website www.anthemisdigitalacquisitions.com. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with Nasdaq s corporate governance rules that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director 
 
 64 

orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines has been posted on our website. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 
 We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 6, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares 

each of our officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares and 

all our officers and directors as a group. 

65 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 23,000,000 shares of our Class A ordinary shares, which includes Class A ordinary shares underlying the units sold in our initial public offering, and 7,187,500 shares of our Class B ordinary outstanding as of April 6, 2022. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, except the election of directors, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B ordinary shares are convertible into shares of Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the shares of Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this report. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 2) 

Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 1) 

Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LP (our sponsor) 

7,187,500 (3) 

23.81 4) 

Amy Nauiokas 3) 

Mei Lim 3) 

Briana van Strijp 3) 

Bruce Aust 

Pamela Thomas Graham 

Baroness Helena Morrissey 

Janice Savin Williams 

All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 

7,187,500 

23.81 4) 

(1) 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 122 Hudson Street, 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10013. 

(2) 
 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, subject to adjustment, as described in the exhibit entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) 
 
 The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor, Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LP, acting through its general partner, Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LLC with the following managers: Ms. Nauiokas, Ms. Lim and Ms. Van Strijp. Each manager has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the directors is required to approve any action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of at least a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no director of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such share. 

(4) 
 
 To be converted into 20 of our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination, as described further below. Upon completion of our initial public offering, the voting power of each Class B ordinary share was adjusted such that the aggregate voting power of all Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding at the consummation of our initial public offering equaled 20 of the voting power of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering (including the over-allotment option). 

 The table above does not include the ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this report. 
 
 66 

Changes in Control 
 None. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 In March 2021, 7,187,500 founder shares were issued to our sponsor in consideration for 25,000 expenses on our behalf, or approximately 0.003 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 23.81 of the outstanding shares (to be converted into 20 of our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial business combination, as described further below). Upon completion of our initial public offering, the voting power of each Class B ordinary share was adjusted such that the aggregate voting power of all Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding at the consummation of our initial public offering equaled 20 of the voting power of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding including the over-allotment option) . The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 
 Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 7,800,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant after our initial public offering. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 11,700,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 
 If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 
 Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we have reimbursed sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 
 Other than these monthly fees, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 An affiliate of the sponsor agreed to loan us 200,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of May 20, 2022 or the closing of the initial public offering. We borrowed 152,500 under such promissory note, which was paid in full upon the initial public offering. 
 In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set 
 
 67 

forth above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 
 After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. As a result, the holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) and any Class A ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders at the completion of our initial public offering or acquired prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the registration statement of which this Annual Report forms a part, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities, having a value of at least 20 million in the aggregate, are entitled to make up to three demands that we offer such securities in an underwritten offering. These holders also have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to certain underwritten offerings we may conduct. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with registering these securities. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed or expected to be billed for professional services rendered for the audit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering, totaled 128,750 and 142,506 , respectively. 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 
 Tax Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and of services rendered in connection for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning , totaled 11,330 and 0 , respectively. 
 All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any other fees. 
 
 68 

Pre-Approval Policy 
 Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering . As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(A) 
 
 THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE FILED AS PART OF THIS FORM 10-K : 

(1) 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS : 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 F-2 

BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 F-3 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 F-4 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 F-5 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 F-6 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-7 

(2) 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES: 

 NONE. 
 (3) EXHIBITS 
 WE HEREBY FILE AS PART OF THIS REPORT THE EXHIBITS LISTED IN THE ATTACHED EXHIBIT INDEX. EXHIBITS WHICH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE CAN BE INSPECTED AND COPIED AT THE PUBLIC REFERENCE FACILITIES MAINTAINED BY THE SEC, 100 F STREET, N.E., ROOM 1580, WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549. COPIES OF SUCH MATERIAL CAN ALSO BE OBTAINED FROM THE PUBLIC REFERENCE SECTION OF THE SEC, 100 F STREET, N.E., WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549, AT PRESCRIBED RATES OR ON THE SEC WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV . 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 NONE. 

70 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID# 688) 
 
 F-2 

BALANCE SHEETS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-7 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the result of its operations and its cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash as of December 31, 2022 is not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 Marcum LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 PCAOB Firm ID Number: 

F-2 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 

Investment held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 shares issued and outstanding at approximately and 
 per share, redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 
 December 31, 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized issued and 
 Outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to 
 possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value shares authorized 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 

For the 
 Period from 
 February 26, 
 2021 
 (Inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Gain on settlement of payable 

Interest income earned on investments held in trust account 

Total other income 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A 
 ordinary share 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B 
 ordinary share 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 
 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Total 

Ordinary share 

Ordinary share 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance as of February 26, 2021 

(inception) 

Issuance of founder shares 

Issuance of private placement warrants, net of allocated 
 offering costs 

Issuance of public warrants, net of allocated offering costs 

Remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares subject to 
 possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares subject to 
 possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 26, 2021 
 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 

For the 
 Period from 
 February 26, 
 2021 
 (Inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on settlement of payable 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid assets 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from sale of founder shares 

Proceeds from private placement units 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Payment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities information: 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

ANTHEMIS DIGITAL ACQUISITIONS I CORP 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 units, including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, at per unit (the Units ), which is discussed in Note 3 (the IPO ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Public Shares and redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, (underwriters discount/commissions are allocated between Class A share and Public warrants on a relative fair value basis) and of other offering costs (allocated between Class A share, Public warrants and Private Placement warrants on a relative fair value basis). The offering costs were charged to temporary equity and additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the IPO. Immediately thereafter, temporary equity was remeasured, and an adjustment was recognized through additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit to adjust temporary equity to the redemption value. 
 
 The Company s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 
 
 F-7 
 
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account ), invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to pay the Company s tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants that were contributed to the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination by May 1, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination by May 1, 2023, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 
 The Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either: (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per- share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then- outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account was initially per public share. 
 All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with FASB ASC 470-20. The Public Shares are subject to FASB ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. 
 The Company will have only until May 1, 2023 (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right 
 
 F-8 
 
 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company s taxes. The liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 Going Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately million. The Company s liquidity needs up to November 1, 2021 had been satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of for the founder shares, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of . 
 Subsequent to the consummation of our initial public offering and private placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with the net proceeds from the initial public offering and associated private placements, of cash was placed in the Trust Account and of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. 
 The Company will need to raise further additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. In addition to the loan commitment described herein, the Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. On October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with Anthemis Group S.A. as lender, in the aggregate amount of due to cover future working capital needs, as necessary. The Loan Facility Agreement shall bear an interest rate of percent per year. The current balance of the loan facility is . 
 
 F-9 
 
 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock or shares by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain other entities. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock or share issuances against the fair market value of stock or share repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 
 Any redemption or other repurchase of our shares in connection with an initial business combination particularly one that involves our combination with a U.S. entity and/or our domestication as a U.S. corporation may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the initial business combination, (ii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination but issued within the same taxable year of the initial business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax are unclear. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete an initial business combination and in our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 
 F-10 
 
 and , respectively. The Company had cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-11 
 
 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account. Class A ordinary share is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F-12 
 
 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants into shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events.: 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

For the period from 
 February 26, 2021 
 (inception) through 
 December 31, 2021 

2022 

2021 

Class A 

Class B 

Class A 

Class B 

Basic and diluted net income per share: 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding including ordinary share subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

as a result of the IPO, consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, (underwriters discount/commissions 
 
 F-13 
 
 of other offering costs (allocated between Class A share, Public warrants and Private Placement warrants on a relative fair value basis). The offering costs were charged to temporary equity and additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the IPO. Immediately thereafter, temporary equity was remeasured and an adjustment was recognized through additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit to adjust temporary equity to the redemption value. 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Units, including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or months from the closing of the IPO and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 Following the closing of the IPO on November 1, 2021, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited into a trust 
 
 F-14 
 
 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 
 All of the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with the accounting treatment for redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 
 The Class A ordinary share is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 
 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per warrant, or in the aggregate, in a private placement. 
 The Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and they will not be redeemable by the Company. Holders of the Private Placement Warrants have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis. Except as described above, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the Units in the IPO, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 , or approximately per share, in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share. 
 The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares held by the Sponsor until after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (i) the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination or (ii) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor with respect to any founder shares. 
 Related Party Loans 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business 
 
 F-15 
 
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 Loan Facility Agreement 
 On October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with Anthemis Group S.A. as lender, in the aggregate amount of due to cover future working capital needs, as necessary. The Loan Facility Agreement shall bear an interest rate of percent per year. The current balance of the loan facility is . 
 Promissory Note 
 On March 3, 2021, An affiliate of the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were n-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of or the closing of the IPO. The Company had borrowed under such promissory note, which was paid in full. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amount was outstanding under the note. 
 
 Administrative Service Fee 
 Commencing on the date that the Company s securities are first listed on the NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred , of administrative service fees, all of which were fully paid. For the period from February 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company has incurred and paid of administrative service fees. units to cover over-allotments. On November 1, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full. 
 On November 1, 2021, the Company paid cash underwriting commissions of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . 
 
 F-16 
 
 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , which will be paid from the funds held in the Trust Account upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Gain on settlement of payable 
 The Company entered into an agreement with a vendor to settle of accrued expenses for services rendered during 2021 for . As a result, the Company recognized a gain on settlement of payable of . preference shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 
 Class B Ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to its initial shareholders for , or approximately per share. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares, which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination, at the time of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares, will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of shares issued in the IPO, including shares issued in connection with the underwriters exercise of their option to purchase additional units, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for the Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 
 warrants issued and outstanding (including the Public Warrants included in the Units and the Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. Such guidance provides that the warrants meet the criteria for equity treatment due to the existence of provisions whereby adjustments to the exercise price of the warrants is based on a variable that is an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option and no circumstances under which the Company can be forced to net cash settle the warrants. 
 Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination 
 
 F-17 
 
 per share, (i) the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price and (ii) the per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price. 
 . 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a public warrant unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such public warrant exercise has been registered, 
 qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the public warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire without value to the holder. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A ordinary shares underlying such unit. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration (which may be, at the election of the Company, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement), under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the public warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, (i) require holders of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, (ii) in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. To exercise public warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the public warrants in exchange for a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of the Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the public warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 
 F-18 

Once the public warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding public warrants: 

in whole and not in part 

at a price of per warrant 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 If the Company calls the public warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the public warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

December 31, 

Description 

Level 

2021 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

1 

F-19 

Volatility 

Expected term 

Years 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Stock price 

F-20 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated October 18, 2021. (1) 

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 

4.2 

Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (2) 

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1) 

4.5 

Description of registered securities. (3 

10.1 

Promissory Note issued in favor of Anthemis Holdings S. .r.l., dated March 1, 2021. (2) 

10.2 

Letter Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.3 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1) 

10.4 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, among the Company and certain security holders named therein. (1) 

10.5 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Amy Nauiokas.(3) 

10.6 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Mei Lim.(3) 

10.7 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Briana van Strijp.(3) 

10.8 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Pamela Thomas Graham.(3) 

10.9 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Janice Savin Williams.(3) 

10.10 

Indemnity Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and Baroness Helena Morrissey. (3) 

10.11 

Indemnity Agreement, dated January 26, 2022, between the Company and Bruce Aust.(3) 

10.12 

Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Sponsor LLC. (2) 

10.13 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021. 
 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021. 
 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2022. 

71 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 29, 2023 

Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp 

By: 
 
 /s/ Amy Nauiokas 

Name: 
 
 Amy Nauiokas 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chair and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Amy Nauiokas 
 Amy Nauiokas 

Chief Executive Officer, Chair and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mei Lim 
 Mei Lim 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Briana van Strijp 
 Briana van Strijp 

Chief Operating Officer (Principal Operating Officer) 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Pamela Thomas Graham 
 Pamela Thomas Graham 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Janice Savin Williams 
 Janice Savin Williams 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Baroness Helena Morrissey 
 Baroness Helena Morrissey 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

/s/ Bruce Aust 
 Bruce Aust 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

72 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 adalu-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

adalu-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Amy Nauiokas, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Amy Nauiokas 

Amy Nauiokas 

Chair of the Board 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 adalu-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

adalu-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Mei Lim, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mei Lim 

Mei Lim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 adalu-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

adalu-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
 
 (i) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (ii) Information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Amy Nauiokas 

Amy Nauiokas 

Chair of the Board 

(Principal executive officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 adalu-ex322_13.htm
 EX-32.2

adalu-ex322_13.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
 
 (i) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (ii) Information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mei Lim 

Mei Lim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 adalu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 adalu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 adalu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 adalu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 adalu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

