<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_885725_0000885725-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22882768</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1397102</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3953856</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8683186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4387863</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3945949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>31</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000885725-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223162014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000885725-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885725
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				042695240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11083
		FILM NUMBER:		23659932

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC WAY
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752-1234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-683-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC WAY
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752-1234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000885725-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 bsx-20221231.htm
 10-K

bsx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, or 
 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. : No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. : No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorted period that the registrant was required to submit such files). : No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion based on the last reported sale price of 37.27 of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. (For this computation, the registrant has excluded the market value of all shares of common stock of the registrant reported as beneficially owned by executive officers, and directors of the registrant; such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant.) 

The number of shares outstanding of Common Stock , par value per share, as of January 31, 2023 was . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 3 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 18 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 32 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 32 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 
 PART II 
 33 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 33 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 35 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 36 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 65 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 123 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 123 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 123 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 124 
 PART III 
 125 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 125 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 125 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 125 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 125 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 125 
 PART IV 
 126 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 126 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 135 
 SIGNATURES 
 136 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Our Company 
 
 Boston Scientific Corporation is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical devices that are used in a broad range of interventional medical specialties. Our mission is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. As a medical technology leader for more than 40 years, we have advanced the practice of less-invasive medicine by helping physicians and other medical professionals diagnose and treat a wide range of diseases and medical conditions and improve patients quality of life by providing alternatives to surgery and other medical procedures that are typically traumatic to the body. We advance science for life by providing a broad range of high performance solutions to address unmet patient needs and reduce the cost of healthcare. When used in this report, the terms "we," "us," "our" and "the Company" mean Boston Scientific Corporation and its divisions and subsidiaries. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 We operate pursuant to five strategic imperatives. We aim to: Strengthen Category Leadership, Expand into High Growth Adjacencies, Drive Global Expansion, Fund the Journey to Fuel Growth and Develop Key Capabilities. We believe that our execution of these strategic imperatives will help us deliver on our mission, drive innovation and increase value for our customers and employees, while strengthening our leadership position in the medical device industry and delivering profitable revenue growth. 
 
 We expect to continue to invest in our core franchises and pursue opportunities to diversify and further expand our presence in strategic, high-growth adjacencies and new global markets, including growth within the countries we define as emerging markets. Maintaining and expanding our international presence is an important component of our long-term growth strategy. Through our international presence, we seek to increase net sales and market share, leverage our relationships with leading physicians and their clinical research programs, accelerate the time to bring new products to market and gain access to worldwide technological developments that we can implement across our product lines. Our research and development efforts are focused largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and all divisions. In the past several years, we have completed numerous acquisitions in support of our growth strategy, both strengthening our core franchises and expanding into high growth adjacent markets. We continue to develop digital tools and technologies that enable us to compete more effectively and deliver first class remote physician education, drive deeper patient engagement and increase digitally-enabled sales force productivity. 
 
 We have a firm commitment to corporate social responsibility and living our values as a global business and global corporate citizen. This includes taking actions to combat discrimination and advancing equality and diversity, including through financial support of racial equity initiatives in the communities where we live and work, protecting the environment, investing in our employees' health and well-being, and many other initiatives that we believe ultimately help us create value responsibly. Refer to discussion of Community Outreach below and Corporate Sustainability included in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding measures we are undertaking. 
 
 Product Offerings 
 
 Our core businesses are organized into two reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular. The following describes our key product offerings and new product innovations by reportable segment. 
 
 MedSurg 
 
 Endoscopy 
 
 Our Endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 Resolution 360 Clips and Resolution 360 ULTRA Clips, hemostatic clipping technology designed to stop and help prevent bleeding during endoscopic procedures, 
 WallFlex Biliary Stent Systems, used for relieving biliary obstructions by providing bile drainage in both malignant and benign strictures, 
 3 

AXIOS Stents and Electrocautery Enhanced Delivery Systems, the first, and currently only stents systems in the U.S. indicated for endoscopic drainage of pancreatic pseudocysts, 
 SpyGlass DS II Direct Visualization Systems and SpyGlass Discover Digital Catheters, the first single-use scopes to enable physicians to take a single-stage approach to diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in the pancreaticobiliary system, including treating patients with bile duct stones, 
 EXALT Model D Single-Use Duodenoscopes for use in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) procedures, the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-cleared single-use (disposable) duodenoscopes on the market, 
 Acquire Endoscopic Ultrasound Fine Needle Biopsy Devices, which are designed to obtain larger tissue specimens for histological assessment and diagnosis of diseases such as pancreatic cancer, liver cancer and stomach lesions and 
 our infection prevention portfolio, designed to minimize the risk of infection transmission and improve operational efficiencies by streamlining manual cleaning or eliminating the need for cleaning and tracking. 
 
 Urology 
 
 Our Urology business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies, including kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction and incontinence. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 a comprehensive line of stone management products, including ureteral stents, catheters, baskets, guidewires, sheaths and balloons, 
 LithoVue Single-Use Digital Flexible Ureteroscopes, which deliver detailed high-resolution digital images for high-quality visualization and seamless navigation, 
 Lumenis Pulse Holmium Laser Systems with MOSES Technology, complemented by a full line of laser fibers and accessories used in urology and otolaryngology procedures, 
 our Prosthetic Urology portfolio, which includes AMS 700 , our penile implants to treat erectile dysfunction and AMS 800 , our urinary control systems to treat male urinary incontinence, 
 GreenLight XPS Laser System, MoXy Fiber, and Rez m Systems for treatment of BPH and 
 SpaceOAR Hydrogel Systems which help reduce side effects that men may experience after receiving radiotherapy to treat prostate cancer, together with our SpaceOAR VUE Hydrogel, providing clinicians with enhanced product visualization. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we launched the Rez m Water Vapor Therapy System in Japan following regulatory approval from Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) and received approval of a new reimbursement category from Japan s Central Social Insurance Medical Counsel (Chuikyo) for both the device and procedure. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we received FDA clearance for and will begin a limited market release of our LithoVue Elite Single-Use Digital Flexible Ureteroscope System, the first ureteroscope system with the ability to monitor intrarenal pressure in real-time during ureteroscopy procedures. 
 
 Neuromodulation 
 
 Our Neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 Precision Montage and WaveWriter Alpha Spinal Cord Stimulator (SCS) Systems, designed to provide improved pain relief to a wide range of patients who suffer from chronic pain, with proprietary features such as Multiple Independent Current Control, our Illumina 3D Proprietary Programming Software and FAST Therapy for profound parathesia-free pain relief in minutes, used by physicians to target specific areas of pain and customize stimulation of nerve fibers more precisely, 
 our G4 Generator and consumable portfolio in Radiofrequency Ablation (RFA) for pain management used by physicians to treat patients with chronic pain, 
 Our Cognita Practice Optimization suite of tools designed to increase awareness, streamline patient management, and sustain long-term outcomes for patients, 
 Vercise Gevia and Vercise Genus Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) Systems for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, tremor, and intractable primary and secondary dystonia, a neurological movement disorder characterized by involuntary muscle contractions and 
 4 

Superion Indirect Decompression Systems, minimally-invasive devices used to improve physical function and reduce pain in patients with moderate lumbar spinal stenosis (LSS). 
 
 Our Vercise DBS Systems are approved in the U.S. as an adjunctive therapy that aids in reducing some of the symptoms of moderate to advanced Parkinson s disease as well as for patients diagnosed with essential tremor. The Vercise Genus DBS platform features a full portfolio of primary cell and rechargeable MRI conditional systems with Bluetooth connectivity and the Cartesia Directional Lead, providing multi-directional stimulation designed for greater precision, intended to minimize side effects for patients. In 2022, we further expanded our portfolio with Image Guided Programming with the US release of Stimview XT, a proprietary DBS visualization software developed in collaboration with Brainlab AG, providing clinicians with real-time, 3D visualization and stimulation of brain anatomy. 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Cardiology 
 
 Interventional Cardiology Therapies (ICTx) 
 
 Our Interventional Cardiology Therapies business develops and manufactures technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and aortic valve conditions. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 OptiCross IVUS Imaging Catheters, 
 iLab Ultrasound Imaging Systems with Polaris Software, designed to enhance the diagnosis and treatment of blocked vessels and other heart disorders, compatible with our full line of imaging catheters, 
 AVVIGO Guidance Systems and AVVIGO Guidance System II, incorporating high-definition IVUS all in a mobile or integrated platform, 
 ROTAPRO Rotational Atherectomy Systems, which regulate the flow of air to the advancer, controlling burr rotation speed, and also monitor and display burr rotation speed and rotational atherectomy procedural time, 
 SYNERGY , SYNERGY MEGATRON and SYNERGY XD Everolimus-Eluting Platinum Chromium Coronary Stent Systems, featuring an ultra-thin abluminal (outer) bioabsorbable polymer coating, 
 Safari2 Pre-Shaped Guidewires, intended to facilitate the introduction and placement of interventional devices within the heart, 
 ACURATE neo2 Aortic Valve Systems for use in transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) procedures and 
 SENTINEL Cerebral Embolic Protection Systems, used to reduce the risk of stroke in TAVR procedures and is clinically proven to decrease cerebral embolization and its associated neurological effects. 
 
 Watchman 
 
 Our WATCHMAN FLX Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) Devices are designed to close the left atrial appendage in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who are at risk for ischemic stroke. WATCHMAN is the first device to offer a non-pharmacologic alternative to oral anti-coagulants that has been studied in a randomized clinical trial and is the leading device in percutaneous LAAC globally. 
 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management 
 
 Our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) business develops and manufactures a variety of implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 the RESONATE family of implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICD) and implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators (CRT-D), including our proprietary HeartLogic Heart Failure (HF) Diagnostic and SmartCRT Technology with Multisite pacing in CRT-D, 
 EMBLEM MRI S-ICD System, the world's first, and currently only, commercially available subcutaneous implantable cardiac defibrillators (S-ICD), which provides physicians the ability to treat patients who are at risk for sudden cardiac arrest without touching the heart, 
 ACCOLADE family of pacemakers and implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemakers (CRT-P), 
 ACUITY X4 Quadripolar LV Leads, RELIANCE family of ICD Leads and our INGEVITY Pacing Leads, 
 LATITUDE Remote Patient Management Systems, which allow for more frequent monitoring and better guided treatment decisions by enabling physicians to monitor implantable system performance remotely, 
 5 

LUX-Dx Insertable Cardiac Monitor (ICM) systems, long-term diagnostic devices implanted in patients to detect arrhythmias associated with conditions such as atrial fibrillation (AF), cryptogenic stroke and syncope and 
 BodyGuardian remote cardiac monitoring systems provide a full range of mobile health solutions and remote monitoring services, ranging from ambulatory cardiac monitors including short and long-term holter monitors to cardiac event monitors and mobile cardiac telemetry. 
 
 Our entire transvenous defibrillator portfolio leverages our EnduraLife Battery Technology and has magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) conditional labeling when used with our current generation of leads. 
 
 Electrophysiology 
 
 Our Electrophysiology business develops and manufactures less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart, including a broad portfolio of therapeutic and diagnostic catheters and a variety of equipment used in the Electrophysiology lab. Our product offerings include the following: 
 
 Rhythmia Mapping Systems, catheter-based, 3-D cardiac mapping and navigation solutions designed to help diagnose and guide treatment of a variety of arrhythmias, 
 cardiac ablation catheters including the Blazer , IntellaNav , IntellaNav Stablepoint and IntellaTip MiFi Open-Irrigated Ablation Catheter families, featuring a unique Total Tip Cooling Design and DIRECTSENSE Software for monitoring radiofrequency (RF) energy delivery during procedures, 
 IntellaMap Orion Mapping Catheters, for use with our Rhythmia Mapping System to provide high-density, high-resolution maps of the heart, 
 Farapulse Pulsed Field Ablation (PFA) Systems for the treatment of atrial fibrillation (AF), 
 POLARx Cryoablation Systems for the treatment of AF and 
 intracardiac ultrasound catheters, delivery sheaths and other accessories 
 
 On February 14, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Baylis Medical Company, Inc (Baylis Medical), which has developed the radiofrequency (RF) NRG and VersaCross Transseptal Platforms as well as a family of guidewires, sheaths and dilators used to support left heart access, which expands our electrophysiology and structural heart product portfolios. In the second quarter of 2022, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for and launched the VersaCross Connect LAAC Access Solution developed by Baylis Medical, providing safe and efficient access to the left side of the heart. 
 
 Peripheral Interventions 
 
 Our Peripheral Interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. Our broad peripheral portfolio includes stent systems, balloon catheters, guidewires, atherectomy and thrombectomy systems, embolization devices, radioactive microspheres, radiofrequency and cryotherapy ablation systems, microcatheters and drainage catheters. 
 
 Our peripheral arterial product offerings include: 
 
 EPIC and Innova Self-Expanding Stent Systems, 
 Eluvia Drug Eluting Vascular Stent Systems, innovative stents built on the Innova stent platform, designed to deliver a sustained dosage of paclitaxel during the time when restenosis is most likely to occur, 
 Mustang , Coyote and Sterling PTA Balloon Catheters designed for a wide variety of peripheral angioplasty procedures and 
 Ranger Drug-Coated Balloons, innovative balloons built on the Sterling balloon platform, featuring a low-dose of paclitaxel. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we launched an ELUVIA line extension, introducing the longest-length available for treatment of patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD) in the superficial femoral artery. We are also the first company to provide physicians with both a drug-eluting stent and drug-coated balloon option for the treatment of patients with PAD. 
 
 6 

Our venous disease product offerings include the following: 
 
 AngioJet Thrombectomy Systems, used in endovascular procedures to remove blood clots from blocked arteries and veins and our AngioJet Zelante DVT Thrombectomy Catheters to treat deep vein thrombosis, 
 WOLF Thrombectomy Platform, which is designed to mechanically remove the clots without damaging blood vessels, while also minimizing blood loss, 
 EKOS Ultrasound Assisted Thrombolysis systems used to treat pulmonary embolisms and 
 Varithena Polidocanol Injectable Foam used to improve the symptoms of superficial venous incompetence and the appearance of visible varicosities. 
 
 Our interventional oncology product offerings include the following: 
 
 TheraSphere Y-90 radioactive glass microspheres used in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the most common type of liver cancer, 
 Renegade HI-FLO Fathom Microcatheter and Guidewire System and Interlock - 35 Fibered IDC and 18 Fibered IDC Occlusion System for peripheral embolization, 
 EMBOLD Detachable Coil System, used for arterial and venous embolizations in the peripheral vasculature, and 
 ICEFX and Visual ICE Cryoablation Systems for destruction of tissue, using image-guided needles to enable cryoablation visualization for optimal tumor coverage . 
 
 Markets 
 
 Competition 
 
 We encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which we sell our products and solutions, some from companies that may have greater financial, sales and marketing resources than we do. Our primary competitors include Abbott Laboratories and Medtronic plc, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or participate in only a specific market segment. In certain countries, and particularly in China, we also face competition from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local suppliers. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states that could also be treated using our products, or from companies offering technologies that could augment or replace procedures using our products. 
 
 We believe that our products and solutions compete primarily on their ability to deliver both differentiated clinical and economic outcomes for our customers by enabling physicians to perform diagnostic and therapeutic procedures safely and effectively often in a less-invasive and cost effective manner. We also compete on ease of use, comparative effectiveness, reliability and physician familiarity. In the current environment of managed care, with economically motivated buyers, consolidation among healthcare providers, increasing prevalence and importance of regional and national tenders, increased competition and declining reimbursement rates, we have been increasingly required to compete on the basis of price, value, reliability and efficiency. We believe the current global economic conditions and healthcare reform measures could continue to put additional competitive pressure on us, including on our average selling prices, overall procedure rates and addressable market sizes. We recognize that our continued competitive success will depend upon our ability to: 
 
 offer products and solutions that provide differentiated clinical and economic outcomes, 
 create or acquire innovative, scientifically advanced technologies, 
 apply our technology and solutions cost-effectively and with superior quality across product lines and markets, 
 develop or acquire proprietary products and solutions, 
 attract and retain qualified personnel, 
 obtain patent or other protection for our products, 
 obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, 
 continually provide quality products and enhance our quality systems, 
 supply sufficient inventory at competitive prices to meet customer demand. 
 
 7 

Research and Development 
 
 Our investment in research and development is critical to driving our future growth. Our investment in research and development supports the following: 
 
 internal research and development programs, regulatory design and clinical science, as well as other programs obtained through our strategic acquisitions and alliances, and 
 engineering efforts that incorporate customer feedback into continuous improvement efforts for currently marketed and next-generation products. 
 
 We have directed our development efforts toward innovative technologies designed to expand current markets or enter adjacent markets. We continue to transform how we conduct research and development by identifying best practices, driving efficiencies and optimizing our cost structure, which we believe will enable increased development activity and faster concept-to-market timelines. Focused, cross-functional teams take a formal approach to new product design and development, helping us to manufacture and offer innovative products consistently and efficiently. Involving cross-functional teams early in the process is the cornerstone of our product development cycle. We believe this collaboration allows our teams to concentrate resources on the most viable and clinically relevant new products and technologies and to maximize cost and time savings as we bring them to market. 
 
 In addition to internal development, we work with hundreds of leading research institutions, universities and clinicians around the world to develop, evaluate and clinically test our products. We continue to expand our collaborations to include research and development teams in our emerging market countries; these teams will focus on both global and local market requirements at a lower cost of development. We believe that these efforts will play a significant role in our future success. 
 
 Marketing and Sales 
 
 In 2022, we marketed our products and solutions to approximately 36,000 hospitals, clinics, outpatient facilities and medical offices in 130 countries worldwide. Large group purchasing organizations, hospital networks and other buying groups have become increasingly important to our business and represent a substantial portion of our net sales. Each of our businesses maintains dedicated sales forces and marketing teams focused on physicians who specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of different medical conditions, as well as on key hospital service line administrators. 
 
 The majority of our net sales are derived from countries in which we have direct sales organizations. We also have a network of distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. We expect to continue to leverage our infrastructure in markets where commercially appropriate and use third party distributors in those markets where it is not economical or strategic to establish or maintain a direct presence. 
 
 Resources 
 
 Manufacturing and Raw Materials 
 
 We are focused on continuously improving our supply chain effectiveness, strengthening our manufacturing processes and increasing operational efficiencies within our organization worldwide. In doing so, we seek to focus our internal resources on the development and commercial launch of new products and the enhancement of existing products. We also drive continuous improvement in product quality through process controls and validations, supplier and distribution controls and training and tools for our operations team. In addition, we remain focused on examining our operations and general business activities to enhance our operational effectiveness by identifying cost-improvement opportunities. 
 
 We remain committed to maintaining appropriate investments to ensure supply chain stability. We have an ongoing supplier resiliency program which identifies and mitigates risk and have taken measures to mitigate the impact of challenges within the global supply chain, including those caused in part by the COVID-19 pandemic. We consistently monitor our inventory levels, manufacturing, sterilization and distribution capabilities and partnerships and maintain recovery plans to address potential disruptions. Many components used in the manufacturing of our products are readily fabricated from commonly available raw materials or off-the-shelf items available from multiple supply sources; however, certain items are custom made to meet our specifications. 
 
 On an on-going basis, we track supplier status and inventory in risk areas and take action to prevent shortages, monitoring safety stock levels and building up product supplies as warranted, and mitigating risk of technology and material shortages by identifying new vendors. 
 8 

We have experienced increased levels of unpredictability in the supply of certain raw materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products. While we continue to believe we will have access to the raw materials and components that we need, these supply chain dynamics could result in increased costs to us or an inability to fully meet customer demand for certain of our products. 
 
 Proprietary Rights and Patent Litigation 
 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property to protect our proprietary rights. We generally file patent applications in the U.S. and other countries where patent protection for our technology is appropriate and available. We hold patents worldwide that cover various aspects of our technology. In addition, we hold exclusive and non-exclusive licenses to a variety of third-party technologies covered by patents and patent applications. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business; however, we believe that no single patent, technology, trademark, intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to our business as a whole. 
 
 We rely on non-disclosure and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary technology. There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry, particularly in the areas in which we compete. We continue to defend ourselves against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the patent rights of others. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to enforce our patent rights, to protect our trade secrets or know-how and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Accordingly, we may seek to settle some or all of our pending litigation, particularly to manage risk over time. Settlement may include cross licensing of the patents that are the subject of the litigation as well as our other intellectual property and may involve monetary payments to or from third parties. 
 
 We maintain insurance policies providing limited coverage against securities claims. We are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. The absence of significant third-party insurance coverage increases our potential exposure to unanticipated claims or adverse decisions. See Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our 2022 consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of intellectual property, product liability and other litigation and proceedings in which we are involved. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 
 Medical Device Regulatory Approvals 
 
 The medical devices that we manufacture, market and commercialize are subject to regulation by numerous worldwide regulatory bodies, including the U.S. FDA and comparable international regulatory agencies. These agencies require manufacturers of medical devices to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution. Medical devices are also generally subject to varying levels of regulatory control based on risk level of the device. 
 
 In the U.S., authorization to distribute a new device can generally be met in one of two ways. The first process requires that a premarket notification (510(k)) be made to the FDA to demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device (the predicate device). Applicants must submit performance data to establish substantial equivalence. In some instances, data from human clinical trials must also be submitted in support of a 510(k) premarket notification. If so, these data must be collected in a manner that conforms to the applicable Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) regulations. The FDA must issue a decision finding substantial equivalence before commercial distribution can occur. Changes to cleared devices that could not significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device can generally be made without additional 510(k) premarket notifications; otherwise, a new 510(k) is required. 
 
 The second process requires the submission of a premarket approval (PMA) application to the FDA to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. This approval process applies to most Class III devices and generally requires clinical data to support the safety and effectiveness of the device, obtained in adherence with IDE requirements. The FDA will approve the PMA application if it finds that there is a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the proposed manufacturing is in compliance with the Quality System Regulation (QSR). For novel technologies, the FDA may seek input from an advisory panel of medical experts and seek their views on the safety, effectiveness and benefit-risk of the device. The PMA process is generally more detailed, lengthier and more expensive than the 510(k) process. 
 
 9 

In the European Union (EU), we are required to comply with the Medical Device Regulation (MDR or EU MDR) which became effective May 2021, superseding the existing Medical Device and Active Implantable Medical Device Directives. Medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021) can continue to be sold during the applicable transition period or until the CE Certificate expires, whichever comes first, providing there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. The CE Mark, which is required to sell medical devices in the EU is affixed following a Conformity Assessment and either approval from the appointed independent Notified Body or through self-certification by the manufacturer. The selected pathway to CE marking is based on device risk classification. CE marking indicates conformity to the applicable General Safety and Performance Requirements (GSPRs) for the MDR. The MDR changes multiple aspects of the regulatory framework for CE marking, such as increased clinical evidence requirements, changes to labelling, and new requirements, including Unique Device Identification (UDI), and many new post-market reporting obligations. MDR also modifies and increases the compliance requirements for the medical device industry and will continue to require significant investment over the next few years to transition all products. The CE mark continues to be a prerequisite for successful registration in many other global geographies. In addition, other EU countries continue to impose significant local registration requirements despite the implementation of MDR, and the United Kingdom has introduced new requirements following its exit from the EU. 
 
 We are also required to comply with the regulations of every other country where we commercialize products before we can launch or maintain new products on the market, including regulations that have been introduced in many countries in the Middle East and Southeast Asia that previously did not have medical device regulations, or had minimal regulations. In Japan we are required to comply with Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) regulations. In conjunction with the MHLW, the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Agency is an independent agency that is responsible for reviewing drug and medical device applications and works with the MHLW to assess new product safety, develop comprehensive regulations, and monitor post-market safety. 
 
 The FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies and competent authorities actively monitor compliance to local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, record-keeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. The FDA can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order recall or market withdrawal of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Safe Medical Devices Act, pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. Regulatory agencies and authorities in the countries where we do business can halt production in or distribution within their respective country or otherwise take action in accordance with local laws and regulations. 
 
 International sales of medical devices manufactured in the U.S. that are not approved by the FDA for use in the U.S., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements. Additionally, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. 
 
 Our quality system is designed to enable us to satisfy various international quality system regulations, including those of the U.S. FDA with respect to products sold in the U.S. All of our medical device manufacturing facilities and distribution centers are certified under the ISO 13485 quality system standard, established by the International Standards Organization (ISO) for medical devices, which includes requirements for an implemented quality system that applies to component quality, supplier control, product design and manufacturing operations. 
 
 Healthcare Policies and Reimbursement 
 
 Political, economic and regulatory influences around the world continue to subject the healthcare industry to potential fundamental changes that could substantially affect our results of operations. We maintain a global Government Affairs presence, headquartered in Washington, D.C., to actively monitor and advocate on myriad legislation and policies that may potentially impact us, both on a domestic and an international front. The Government Affairs office works closely with members of Congress and committee staff, the White House and administration offices, state governors, legislatures and regulatory agencies, embassies and global governments on issues affecting our business. The Government Affairs office also advocates for public policy that benefits our employees and the patients we serve, and supports the communities in which we live. 
 
 Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private insurance payers, for the items and services provided to their patients. Government and private sector initiatives related to limiting the 
 10 

growth of healthcare costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews of therapies, technology assessments, price transparency and healthcare delivery and payment structure reforms, are continuing in many countries where we do business. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to place increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. Although we believe our products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, while also being less invasive than alternatives, the resources necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers and other stakeholders are significant and new therapies may take significantly longer periods of time to gain widespread adoption. 
 
 Implementation of cost containment initiatives and healthcare reforms in significant markets such as the U.S., China, Australia, and other markets may limit the price of, or the level at which reimbursement is provided for, our products or procedures using our products, which in turn may make it less likely that a hospital or physician will select our products to treat patients. 
 
 Environmental Regulation and Management 
 
 We are subject to various environmental laws, directives and regulations both in the U.S. and abroad. Our operations involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing and sterilization processes. We are focused on continuous improvement in environmental metrics with a goal of reducing pollution, minimizing depletion of natural resources and reducing our overall environmental footprint. Specifically, we are working to optimize energy and resource usage, ultimately reducing greenhouse gas emissions and waste. Refer to Corporate Sustainability included in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 At Boston Scientific, our work is guided by core values that define our culture and empower our employees, including Caring, Diversity, Global Collaboration, High Performance, Meaningful Innovation and Winning Spirit. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 45,000 employees, of which approximately 56 percent were outside the U.S. We believe the collective talent of our employees and our shared corporate culture and values give us a competitive advantage. 
 Hiring, developing and retaining talented employees are key parts of our strategy and are critical to our success, particularly in the current environment of labor shortages and unprecedented job market conditions. We strive to do this by fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, providing competitive pay and benefits and flexible work conditions, offering ongoing employee growth and development opportunities and cultivating a culture that prioritizes employee health, safety and well-being. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We do our best work to advance health care when we have a diverse range of perspectives and experience on our team. Innovation thrives in a culture of engagement, inclusion and equity. The society in which we live and the customers and patients we serve are diverse and our employees at all levels of the organization must reflect this. In recent years, we have made steady progress to increase the overall representation of employees who identify as women and as African American/Black, Asian, Hispanic/Latinx, American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, and two or more races (together, multicultural talent). As of December 31, 2022, women represented 30 percent of our Board of Directors, and 49 percent of our employees. In addition, 36 percent of employees in the U.S. and Puerto Rico identified as multicultural. 
 
 We are committed to our goal of making further progress toward expanding our workforce diversity. In 2020, we set measurable Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I) goals with our 3UP by 2023 initiative, which included aspirations of a three percentage point increase in representation of both women and multicultural talent at the supervisor and manager level to 43 percent and 23 percent, respectively, by December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 42.6 percent of management roles were held by women and, within the U.S and Puerto Rico, 22.6 percent were held by multicultural employees. While we are making progress, our work is far from over. We are committed to intentional action to drive meaningful change. We listen to our employees and use that feedback to complement and expand our existing DE I programs to emphasize initiatives aimed at developing our pipeline of talent and fostering a psychologically safe and inclusive workplace for all. Additionally, our Executive Committee and our Board of Directors have oversight of employee diversity metrics and hiring trends. As evidence of our commitment to expand DE I, in 2021, we introduced an ESG scorecard, including DE I metrics, to our Annual Bonus Plan. 
 
 In addition, our ten Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are at the heart of our DE I strategy. ERGs are voluntary, company-sponsored employee groups that foster and celebrate our diverse work environment. They provide forums for us to learn from 
 11 

one another, celebrate our uniqueness and develop inclusive leadership skills. We support each ERG by designating global and local executive sponsors and providing financial resources. Our ERG chapters around the world collaborate across the business at all levels and are powerful voices for change in the company. 
 
 Additionally, our approach to supplier selection involves building DE I throughout the Boston Scientific supplier network. We are committed to the increased and sustained support of diverse businesses that share our dedication to improving the quality of patient care. As part of our strategy to combat racism, we have taken steps to further expand the number of Black-owned enterprises that provide supply chain services for our business in the U.S., and are also supporting small and diverse vendors by shortening our standard payment terms. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 We offer competitive, performance-based compensation programs, recognizing that employee well-being, safety, culture, engagement and recognition are all critical to a healthy work environment and productive workforce. We offer programs that acknowledge, respect and support an individual s life and work choices. Our holistic programs are guided by overall workforce health, focusing on physical, financial and emotional well-being as well as a healthy work environment. We believe that investing in employee well-being leads to improved performance for the individual and the organization. 
 
 As part of our broader rewards portfolio, we offer competitive pay and benefits that are flexible and affordable to meet the individual needs of our employees. In addition to cash-based salaries, our rewards portfolio includes cash bonus programs, sales incentives, stock awards, recognition awards, health insurance, paid time off and family leave, retirement savings plans, childcare and Employee Assistance Programs that encourage overall well-being, including help with finances, inclusive family planning and support, elder/child care, legal support and mental health resources. 
 
 Equal pay for equal work is rooted in our values and foundational to fostering an inclusive environment. Pay equity is an important part of our long-standing global compensation planning practices. Sustaining pay equity requires constant measurement and attention, so we regularly conduct comprehensive audits, internal and external analyses and company-wide benchmarking of salaries to identify and eliminate disparities. In addition, we periodically contract with an independent, third party to assess pay equity across all positions. Our most recent pay equity study, completed in 2021, reported no statistically significant pay disparity for approximately 99 percent of our employees across gender globally and for multicultural talent in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. We continue to educate and train our people, update policies and expand benefits to decrease bias, increase gender and racial representation within our organization, and foster a culture where all employees feel valued and included. 
 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 
 We take a global approach to prioritizing and monitoring employee health and safety and we strive to foster a safety-oriented culture in all of our offices and facilities. We set health and safety goals which measure the number of injuries per 100 employees for the global organization. Our Employee Health Safety Global and Regional Councils review performance monthly to discuss trends and risks, as well as opportunities for improvement. We have obtained ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System at eight of our key global locations. This is a globally recognized standard for employee Occupational Health and Safety, established by the International Standards Organization, which provides a voluntary framework to identify key occupational health and safety aspects associated with our business helping to deliver continuous improvement. We have established a company-wide safety goal of 0.25 or fewer injuries per 100 employees by 2030, cutting our year-over-year incident rate by approximately 50 percent from a base year of 2019. As of December 31, 2022, we have achieved a safety level of 0.28 per 100 employees. 
 
 Employee Growth and Development 
 
 Developing our people professionally is one of the most important things we do. We have robust succession planning to ensure our future leaders are ready to assume roles as they become available. At every level of the company, employees have access to training and tools they can use to advance their skills and expertise and create greater possibilities for their careers. We offer professional and technical courses, including on-the-job training, skills-based learning, mentoring opportunities and leadership development programs for high-potential employees. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 We seek ongoing feedback from our employees to better understand what we are doing well and, conversely, how we can improve their experience. In addition to encouraging ongoing communication and feedback between employees and their 
 12 

managers, we conduct periodic employee engagement surveys to ensure all employees have an opportunity to share their insights and we take appropriate action in response. As evidence of our commitment to foster employee engagement, we include these metrics within the ESG scorecard that forms part of our Annual Bonus Plan. 
 
 Community Outreach 
 
 We are united by a goal to make a difference in the lives of the over 33 million patients we serve annually. The Boston Scientific Caring value guides us in the work we do each day including how we invest in the well-being of communities. We work to advance possibilities in our three focus areas of health, STEM education and community. Our efforts evolve frequently as do the pressing needs of our communities. In 2022, we focused on supporting Ukrainian refugees, providing aid to those impacted by natural disasters and addressing the basic needs of underserved populations in communities where we live and work. In February 2023, we provided donations to charitable organizations providing earthquake relief efforts in T rkiye and Syria, including overnight stays, meals, hygiene items and critical emergency supplies. 
 
 Our global community programs empowered employees to participate in and influence the way we care for local communities through volunteerism and personal donations. Many employees chose to support their communities through use of the Employee Matching Gifts program, which was doubled in 2022 on Giving Tuesday, the global day of giving that highlights the importance of supporting local communities around the world during the holiday season. Through employee contributions and the Boston Scientific match, a total of nearly 2 million was donated in 2022. In February 2023, we launched an additional match campaign through our Employee Matching Gifts Program for aid to T rkiye and Syria and are also providing volunteer opportunities for our employees based in T rkiye to give back to their local communities. 
 
 We have also collaborated with non-profit community organizations to decrease health disparities and reduce the risk for chronic disease for the underserved by increasing access to healthcare and screenings. Within many of the communities in which we operate, we have launched and funded a multi-year program to combat racism, inequity and injustice focused on five pillars: community, economic empowerment, education, healthcare disparities and government policies. We also continue our long-term Close the Gap initiative, which focuses on raising awareness and empowering healthcare providers to reach more patients of color, fight longstanding inequities, and address barriers to care. Through Close the Gap, hospitals and health systems are provided with zip code level data that highlight the disease prevalence and disparities occurring in their communities. The information, along with our health equity resources, allows health care administrators and providers to focus on improving care to underserved populations within their communities. 
 
 We are also passionate about inspiring young learners to see themselves in a Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) roles in the future. Employees on our global STEM teams worldwide work with underrepresented K-12 students to share their passion for STEM by providing interactive product demos, development programs, and hands-on activities for young learners in their communities. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our net sales are influenced by many factors, including product launches, acquisitions, regulatory and reimbursement approvals, patient, physician and employee holiday schedules and other macro-economic conditions. While our consolidated net sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality, customer purchases of our medical devices have historically been lower in the first and third quarters of the year. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are available free of charge on our website (www.bostonscientific.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with or furnish it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Printed copies of these posted materials are also available free of charge to stockholders who request them in writing from Investor Relations, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752-1234. Information on our website or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 13 

Certain statements that we may make from time to time, including statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and information incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words like anticipate, expect, project, believe, plan, estimate, intend, aim, "goal," "target," "continue," "hope," "may" and similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and estimates using information available to us at the time and are not intended to be guarantees of future events or performance. If our underlying assumptions turn out to be incorrect, or if certain risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on certain risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors described in Item 1A under the heading Risk Factors and the specific risk factors discussed below and in connection with forward-looking statements throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could cause actual results to vary materially from the expectations and projections expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, in some cases, have affected and in the future could affect our ability to implement our business strategy and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements expressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may cause such differences include, among other things: future U.S. and global economic, political, competitive, reimbursement and regulatory conditions; manufacturing, distribution and supply chain disruptions and cost increases; disruptions caused by cybersecurity events; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results; disruptions caused by extreme weather or other climate change-related events; labor shortages and increases in labor costs; new product introductions and the market acceptance of those products; markets for our products; expected pricing environment; expected procedural volumes; the closing and integration of acquisitions; clinical trial results; demographic trends; intellectual property rights; litigation; financial market conditions; the execution and effect of our restructuring program; the execution and effect of our business strategy, including our cost-savings and growth initiatives; our ability to achieve environmental, social and governance goals and commitments; and future business decisions made by us and our competitors. New risks and uncertainties may arise from time to time and are difficult to predict, including those that have emerged or may increase in significance or likelihood as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. All of these factors are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of them are beyond our control. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect our future operations, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors contained within this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, which we may update in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we will file hereafter. We disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions, or circumstances on which those expectations may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. This cautionary statement is applicable to all forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following are some of the important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. For further discussion of these and other risk factors, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our Businesses 
 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic conditions created in part by the pandemic on worldwide economies, financial markets, manufacturing and distribution systems, including disruption in the manufacture or supply of certain components, materials or products, and business operations, 
 
 Labor shortages and the impact of inflation on the cost of raw materials and direct labor, 
 
 Risks associated with challenging or uncertain domestic and international economic conditions, including those related to rising interest rates, inflation, currency devaluations or economies entering into periods of recession, 
 
 The impact of natural disasters, climate change, additional future public health crises and other catastrophic events on our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell our products, 
 
 The impact of competitive offerings, value-based procurement practices, government-imposed payback provisions and changes in reimbursement practices and policies on average selling prices for our products, 
 
 14 

The ongoing impact on our business of physician alignment to hospitals, governmental investigations and audits of hospitals and other market and economic conditions on the overall number of procedures performed, 
 
 The performance of, and physician and patient confidence in, our products and technologies or those of our competitors, 
 
 The impact and outcome of ongoing and future clinical trials and market studies undertaken by us, our competitors or other third parties or perceived product performance of our or our competitors' products, 
 
 Variations in clinical results, reliability or product performance of our and our competitors' products, 
 
 Our ability to acquire or develop, launch and supply new or next-generation products and technologies worldwide and in line with our commercialization strategies in a timely and successful manner and with respect to our recent acquisitions, 
 
 The effect of consolidation and competition in the markets in which we do business or plan to do business, 
 
 Our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as some of our products are more profitable than others, 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain talent, including key personnel associated with recent acquisitions, and to maintain our robust corporate culture, 
 
 The impact of enhanced requirements to obtain and maintain regulatory approval in the U.S. and around the world, including EU MDR and the associated timing and cost of product approval, 
 
 The impact of increased pressure on the availability and rate of third-party reimbursement for our products and procedures in the U.S. and around the world, including with respect to the timing and costs of creating and expanding markets for new products and technologies, 
 
 The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the Securities and Exchange Commission, and 
 
 The impact of potential goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges on our results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory Compliance, Litigation and Data Protection 
 
 The impact of healthcare policy changes and legislative or regulatory efforts in the U.S., the EU and around the world to modify product approval or reimbursement processes, including a trend toward demonstrating clinical outcomes, comparative effectiveness and cost efficiency, as well as the impact of other healthcare reform legislation, 
 
 Risks associated with our regulatory compliance and quality systems and activities in the U.S., the EU and around the world, including meeting regulatory standards applicable to manufacturing and quality processes, 
 
 The effect of global legal, regulatory or market responses to climate change, including increased compliance burdens and costs to meet regulatory obligations, 
 
 Our ability to minimize or avoid future field actions or FDA warning letters relating to our products and processes and the ongoing inherent risk of potential physician advisories related to our or our competitors' products, 
 
 The impact of increased scrutiny of and heightened global regulatory enforcement facing the medical device industry arising from political and regulatory changes, economic pressures or otherwise, including under U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar laws in other jurisdictions, and U.S. and foreign export control, trade embargo and customs laws, 
 
 Costs and risks associated with current and future asserted litigation, 
 
 The effect of our litigation and risk management practices, including self-insurance and compliance activities on our loss contingencies, legal provisions and cash flows, 
 15 

The impact of, diversion of management attention as a result of, and costs to cooperate with, litigate and/or resolve governmental investigations and our class action, product liability, contract and other legal proceedings, 
 
 The possibility of failure to protect our intellectual property rights and the outcome of patent litigation, 
 
 Our ability to operate properly our information systems that support our business operations and protect our data integrity and products from a cyber-attack or other breach that has a material adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations including increased risks as an indirect result of the ongoing Russia/ Ukraine war, and 
 
 The potential impact to internal control over financial reporting relating to potential restrictions to access to consigned inventory at customer locations for our inventory count procedures. 
 
 Innovation and Certain Growth Initiatives 
 
 The timing, size and nature of our strategic growth initiatives and market opportunities, including with respect to our internal research and development platforms and externally available research and development platforms and technologies and the ultimate cost and success of those initiatives and opportunities, 
 
 Our ability to complete planned clinical trials successfully, obtain regulatory approvals and launch new and next generation products in a timely manner consistent with cost estimates, including the successful completion of projects from in-process research and development, 
 
 Our ability to identify and prioritize our internal research and development project portfolio and our external investment portfolio on profitable net sales growth opportunities as well as to maintain the estimated timing and costs of such projects and expected revenue levels for the resulting products and technologies, 
 
 Our ability to develop, manufacture and market new products and technologies successfully and in a timely manner and the ability of our competitors and other third parties to develop products or technologies that render our products or technologies noncompetitive or obsolete, 
 
 Our ability to execute appropriate decisions to discontinue, write-down or reduce the funding of any of our research and development projects, including projects from in-process research and development from our acquisitions, in our growth adjacencies or otherwise, 
 
 Our dependence on acquisitions, alliances or investments to introduce new products or technologies and to enter new or adjacent growth markets and our ability to fund them or to fund contingent payments with respect to those acquisitions, alliances and investments, and 
 
 The potential failure to successfully integrate and realize the expected benefits, including cost synergies, from the strategic acquisitions, alliances and investments we have consummated or may consummate in the future. 
 
 International Markets 
 
 Our dependency on international net sales to achieve growth, and our ability to maintain or expand our worldwide market positions in the various markets in which we compete or seek to compete, including through investments in Emerging Markets such as Brazil, India and China, 
 
 The timing and collectability of customer payments, as well as our ability to continue factoring customer receivables where we have factoring arrangements, or to enter new factoring arrangements with favorable terms, 
 
 The impact on pricing due to national and regional tenders, including value-based procurement practices and government-imposed payback provisions, 
 
 Geopolitical and economic conditions, including civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, tariffs and other protectionist measures, 
 
 16 

The impact of the Russia/Ukraine war and tension between China/Taiwan, and related, downstream effects thereof, including the impact of sanctions on U.S. manufacturers doing business in these regions, 
 
 Protection of our intellectual property, 
 
 Our ability to comply with established and developing U.S. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including FCPA, EU MDR and similar laws in other jurisdictions, 
 
 Our ability to comply with U.S. and foreign export control, trade embargo and customs laws, 
 
 The impact of significant developments or uncertainties stemming from changes in the U.S. government following congressional elections, including changes in U.S. trade policies, tariffs and the reaction of other countries thereto, particularly China, and 
 
 The potential effect of foreign currency fluctuations and interest rate fluctuations on our net sales, operating expenses and resulting profit margins. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to fund operations, capital expenditures, global expansion initiatives, any litigation settlements and judgments, share repurchases and strategic investments and acquisitions as well as maintaining our investment grade ratings and managing our debt levels and financial covenant compliance, 
 
 Our ability to access the public and private capital markets when desired and to issue debt or equity securities on terms reasonably acceptable to us, 
 
 The unfavorable resolution of open tax matters, exposure to additional tax liabilities and the impact of changes in U.S. and international tax laws, 
 
 The unfavorable resolution of open litigation matters, exposure to additional loss contingencies and legal provisions, 
 
 The impact of examinations and assessments by domestic and international taxing authorities on our tax provisions, financial condition or results of operations, 
 
 The possibility of counterparty default on our derivative financial instruments, and 
 
 Our ability to collect outstanding and future receivables and/or sell receivables under our factoring programs. 
 
 Cost Reduction and Optimization Initiatives 
 
 Risks associated with changes made or expected to be made to our organizational and operational structure, pursuant to our restructuring plans as well as any further restructuring or optimization plans we may undertake in the future and our ability to recognize benefits and cost reductions from such programs and 
 
 Business disruption and employee distraction as we execute our global compliance program, restructuring and optimization plans and divestitures of assets or businesses and implement our other strategic and cost reduction initiatives. 
 17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The considerations and risks that follow are organized within relevant headings but may be relevant to other headings as well. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 General Risks 
 
 Challenging domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face. These conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the U.S. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. If there were a general economic downturn, we may experience decreased customer spending or demand for our products and services, and our customers ability to pay for our products on a timely basis, or at all, may be impacted. The same economic conditions could also adversely affect our third-party vendors, including those that we utilize in our supply-chain and manufacturing operations, which may lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components, as well as the distributors and dealers who offer our products in certain countries and markets. Inflationary pressure may also increase certain operational costs, including due to wage increases, or increases in the cost of materials or components. These adverse economic conditions or events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Further, uncertainty about global economic conditions, including those resulting from credit and sovereign debt issues, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. These conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. Our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products that they purchase on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain European and Asian countries. Deterioration of the global economy or increase in sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries. Third parties, such as banks, offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. This could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. Such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding. Uncertain or challenging economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial performance. 
 
 There can be no assurance that there will not be further deterioration in the global economy. Accordingly, we cannot predict to what extent global economic conditions, including negative or uncertain economic conditions, sovereign debt issues and increased focus on healthcare systems and costs in the U.S. and abroad, may impact negatively our average selling prices, net sales and profit margins, operations, procedural volumes and reimbursement rates from third party payers. In addition, economic and financial market conditions, including rising interest rates, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our ability to borrow money in the credit markets, access the capital markets and obtain financing for mergers and acquisitions (M A) or other general purposes. 
 Market Risks 
 We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The medical device markets in which we participate are highly competitive. We encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among companies in our industry. Our primary competitors include Abbott Laboratories and Medtronic plc, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific 
 18 

market segment or segments. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies and providers of various diagnostic tests, which may offer alternative therapies or diagnostics for disease states also amenable to treatment or diagnosis using our products. New competitors may emerge in the future, potentially including companies introducing new sales or distribution models to our industry or leveraging genomic robotic, navigation, and/or other automation technologies. Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, R D pipeline and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. 
 In addition, the medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. In addition, we will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. If we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, national and regional government tenders, economic pressures experienced by our customers, staffing shortages within healthcare facilities that have and may continue to negatively impact demand for our products, public perception of our products, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. These and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. There can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase, that we will be able to hold or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase. Decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing and access in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of healthcare, and to increase access to care, have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. Additionally, a growing number of countries have instituted or are contemplating introducing regional or national tender processes driven primarily by price. In some cases, such processes may favor local companies to multinational companies like Boston Scientific. In other instances, multinationals may be subject to a separate tender bidding process in which they compete only with each other and not with domestic companies. Further, in certain markets, the regulatory process through which new medical devices are approved may be faster and/or less burdensome for domestic companies compared to multinationals. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 19 

Healthcare cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and/or the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.) and private health plans, for the healthcare supplies and services provided to their patients. Governments and payers may institute changes in healthcare delivery or payment systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement and funding vary by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies and the use of established products and technologies. We may find limited demand for otherwise promising new products unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. Further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the U.S., Japan, China, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduce or eliminate reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices, including price regulation, site of service requirements, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations 
 Geopolitical Risks 
 We are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 International net sales accounted for 40 percent of our global net sales in 2022. An important part of our strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the U.S. by expanding global presence, including in Emerging Markets. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, go-to-market strategies, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local changes in healthcare financing and payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers, workforce instability, weaker intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the U.S. and longer accounts receivable cycles. Such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. Most foreign countries have medical device regulations. Further, most countries outside of the U.S. require product approvals be renewed or re-certified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. In addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. These factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in obtaining approvals and commercializing products in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. 
 Further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain healthcare costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. Governments and payers may also institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that may reduce funding for services, seek payback from market participants, or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. In addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. All of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products and/or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations. 
 In addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing U.S. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including FCPA and/or similar laws in other countries and U.S. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. Global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their international operations. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to 
 20 

government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. 
 
 The US-China relationship will continue to shape the geopolitical stage. Legislation aimed at boosting competitiveness of U.S. businesses may have unintended effects on our business. We may also face greater competition in China, among other countries, from domestic medical device companies that may benefit from their status as local manufacturers and suppliers. Ultimately, tariffs and other protectionist measures, as well as prolonged uncertainty, may have adverse effects on our ability to source and manufacture products in a timely and cost effective manner, thereby adversely affecting our business. 
 
 Lastly, sanctions and export restrictions are expected to continue to proliferate, leading to greater uncertainty in emerging and growth markets. Notably the Russia/Ukraine war has created barriers to doing business in Russia, and the tension between China/Taiwan has created geopolitical shifts in Asia. Any significant changes in the political, economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Credit and Financial Risks 
 If we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or if we experience a disruption in our cash flows, it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to manage our cost of capital. Our outstanding debt balance was 8.935 billion as of December 31, 2022. Although we currently have investment grade ratings at Moody's Investor Service, Standard Poor's Rating Service and Fitch Ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future and reduce our access to liquidity. Uncertain or negative economic conditions, as well as rising interest rates, could also increase our cost of borrowing in the future or reduce our access to liquidity. Delays in our product development and new product launches could result in disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels, which could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our credit agreements contain a financial covenant that require us to maintain a minimum specified leverage ratio and place other limits on our business. If we are unable to satisfy this covenant, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand. 
 We may record future intangible asset impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 We test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of April 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. We also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, and we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly for impairment. In evaluating the potential for impairment, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates. 
 On a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Relatively small declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 As part of our strategy to realign our business portfolio, we have completed multiple acquisitions in recent years and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. Some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the 
 21 

strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. In addition, foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures and languages, currency risks and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our operating results. 
 We may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses. 
 
 Our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices. We face competition for acquisitions from other healthcare and non-healthcare acquirers, financial sponsors, and from the market for Initial Public Offerings (IPOs). Some of our competitors in the medical device sector may have access to substantially greater amounts of cash than we do that could be deployed into M A or strategic investments if they so choose. The market for IPOs may also reduce the opportunities available to us for M A and/or cause us to need to pay higher prices. If we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, it may adversely impact our ability to grow our business. Any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 
 identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all, 
 manage acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy, 
 manage our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with targets, 
 finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all, 
 complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all, 
 successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses, 
 successfully identify and retain key target employees, 
 comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations, and 
 protect intellectual property and prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies. 
 
 We may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives, our long-term cost savings programs may result in an increase in short-term expenses and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences. 
 
 We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry and the markets in which we compete, and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken prior restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 Restructuring Plan) intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. The 2023 Restructuring Plan will further build on our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expanding operational efficiencies and resiliency. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. These activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025. The 2023 Restructuring Plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately 450 million to 550 million and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately 225 million to 275 million by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. While we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 Restructuring Plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs. These measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, reduced employee productivity, business disruption, and inability to attract or retain key personnel, which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses which impact 
 22 

our operating results. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. 
 Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products. 
 In order to develop new products and enhance existing products, we focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. The development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products and gain and maintain market approval of our products. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and launch new products and enhanced products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be materially adversely impacted. Further, we are continuing to investigate and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into, priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. There can be no assurance that our investments will be successful or that we will be able to access new products and technologies on terms favorable to us, or that these products and technologies will achieve commercial feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. A delay in the development or approval of new products and technologies or our decision to reduce or terminate our investments may adversely impact the contribution of these technologies to our future growth. 
 Additionally, certain products or groups of products, in particular new products or enhancements of existing products, may have a disproportionate impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to meet growth projections, poor clinical outcomes, increasing regulatory requirements, launch delays and inability to effectively scale manufacturing and achieve targeted margins with respect to any of these products or groups of products in particular may materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and cash flows. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic or a similar health crisis and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 
 Our operations, financial performance and cash flows have been, and could in the future continue to be, negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the risks and challenging macroeconomic conditions caused by the pandemic, including, but not limited to, disruptions in economic activity, global supply chains and labor markets, operational challenges such as site shutdowns, workplace disruptions or limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products that were deferred as a result of the pandemic, volatile financial market dynamics and significant volatility in price and availability of goods and services. These and other risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic and its related impacts could adversely affect our business operations, financial position, results of operations and the achievement of strategic objectives. Because the severity, magnitude, and ultimate duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar health crisis, and its economic consequences are uncertain, subject to rapid change, and difficult to predict, the pandemic s future potential impact on our business, results of operations and financial performance remains uncertain and difficult to predict. Further, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar health crisis on our results of operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited, to: governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and in the future may be taken in response to the pandemic or similar public health crises, the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility, global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and any continuing economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic even after it has subsided. The COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the risk factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Interruption of our supply chain or manufacturing operations, including resulting from natural disasters, further public health crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. In most cases, the manufacturing of any specific product is concentrated in one or a few locations. Factors such as a failure to follow specific 
 23 

internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. In the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to needs for regulatory approvals. As a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products by third-party vendors or the sterilization of our products could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We purchase the majority of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party vendors. Certain of these materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement vendors for such materials or components in a timely or cost effective manner, largely as a result of FDA regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our vendors' manufacturing processes. Further, uncertain or negative economic conditions, including as a result of inflationary pressures, rising interest rates or impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our third-party vendors, which could lead to a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products or increase the price of such materials or components. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products, an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, we may be unable to transition to alternative internal or external resources or methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable to attract or retain key talent, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate and we may face increased competition for such employees. Our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining and developing existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. The loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop additional qualified employees or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has given rise to conditions that have created a highly competitive environment for talent. A shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase labor costs. Our ability to attract and retain key talent at all levels of our organization has been and could continue to be challenged by these conditions, and inability to attract and retain talent could result in material adverse impacts to our business and results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors 
 
 Healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Political, economic and policy influences are leading the healthcare industry to make substantial structural and financial changes that will continue affecting our results of operations. Government and private sector initiatives aimed at limiting the growth of healthcare costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments, increasing price transparency and reforming healthcare delivery and payment structures, are continuing in many countries where we do business. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies and/or increase patient access. Although we believe our products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, while also being less invasive than alternatives, the resources and evidence necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers and other stakeholders may be significant, and it may take a significant period of time to gain widespread adoption. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our strategies will succeed for every product. 
 
 24 

We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by various regional and national governments. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products reduce medical procedure volumes and/or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. 
 Our products, marketing, sales and development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDC Act), by comparable agencies in foreign countries and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. Under the FDC Act, medical devices must receive FDA clearance or approval or an exemption from such clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the U.S. In the EU, we are required to comply with the new Medical Device Regulation (MDR or EU MDR) effective May 2021 which supersedes the Medical Device Directives. Medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the current Directives (issued before May 2021) can continue to be sold until the earlier of May 2024 or when the CE Certificate expires, providing there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. Updates to the legislative text of the EU MDR were adopted by the European Parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the Council of the European Union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class IIb and III and 2028 for class I and IIa medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021). The CE Mark is applied following approval from an independent notified body or declaration of conformity. The process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA or by comparable agencies in foreign countries for new products, or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could: 
 
 take a significant period of time, 
 require the expenditure of substantial resources, 
 involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance, 
 require changes to products and 
 result in limitations on the indicated uses of products. 
 
 In addition, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. Some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most countries, medical devices are regulated. Frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the U.S. due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, such as China for example, require approval in the country of origin or legal manufacturer first. Most countries outside of the U.S. require that product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis, generally every four to five years. The renewal or recertification process requires that we evaluate any device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. Where renewal or recertification applications are required, they may need to be renewed and/or approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. There can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis or that any approval will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements. 
 
 Our global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals, as well as the clinical and regulatory costs of supporting those approvals. Several countries that did not previously have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded on existing regulations. Certain regulators are exhibiting less flexibility and are requiring local preclinical and clinical data in addition to global data. While harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. We expect this global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact our ability, or increase the time and cost, to obtain future approvals for our products. 
 The FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies actively monitor compliance with local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, recordkeeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. The FDA can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order repair, replacement or refund of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA can take action against a company that promotes "off-label" uses. The FDA may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the FDC Act and other amending laws pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict a company from effectively marketing and selling its products, may limit a company's ability to obtain future premarket clearances or approvals and could result in a substantial modification to our 
 25 

business practices and operations. International sales of medical devices manufactured in the U.S. that are not approved by the FDA for use in the U.S., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements. 
 Regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices are evolving and subject to future change. We cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. We may also initiate field actions as a result of a failure to strictly comply with our internal quality policies. The failure to receive product approval clearance on a timely basis, suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, or the withdrawal of product approval by the FDA or by comparable agencies in foreign countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our products are continually subject to clinical trials and other analyses conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unexpected, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. Unexpected or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials or other analyses conducted by us, by our competitors or by third parties, including acquired businesses prior to acquisition by us, or the FDA's or the market's perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. 
 The medical device industry and its customers continue to face scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities and are often the subject of numerous investigations, often involving marketing and other business practices or product quality issues including device recalls or advisories. These investigations could result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings; imposition of substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or exclusion; diversion of our employees' and management's attention; imposition of administrative costs and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity; and may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future. 
 The medical devices we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. These authorities continue to closely scrutinize our industry. We have received and in the future may receive, subpoenas and other requests for information from Congress and state and federal governmental agencies, including, among others, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Department of Defense, as well as from foreign governments and agencies. The requests and/or subpoenas we have received relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and sale and/or product promotional practices. We have cooperated with these subpoenas and other requests for information and expect to continue to do so in the future. We cannot predict when a matter will be resolved, the outcome of the matter or its impact on us and cooperation may involve significant costs, including document production costs. An adverse outcome in any matter could include the commencement of an investigation, civil and criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs, entry into Corporate Integrity Agreements (CIAs) with governmental agencies and amendments to any existing CIAs. In addition, resolution of any matter could involve the imposition of additional and costly compliance obligations. Cooperation with requests and investigations from external agencies result in employee resource costs and diversion of employee focus. If any requests or investigations continue over a long period of time, they could divert the attention of management from the day-to-day operations of our business and impose significant additional administrative burdens on us. These potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from these requests or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 In addition, certain foreign governments, state governments (including that of Massachusetts, where we are headquartered) and the U.S. federal government have enacted legislation aimed at increasing transparency of our interactions with healthcare providers. As an example, compliance with the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires us by law to disclose payments and other transfers of value to all U.S. physicians and U.S. teaching hospitals at the U.S. federal level made after August 1, 2013. Any failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact our business. In addition, we have and may continue to devote substantial additional time and financial resources to further develop and implement enhanced structure, policies, systems and processes to comply with enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact our business. 
 26 

We anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely and that additional regulation may increase compliance and legal cost and exposure to litigation and have additional adverse effects on our operations. 
 Changes in tax laws, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity. 
 We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes and tariffs, in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision, and we have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures. However, the calculation of such tax exposures involves the application of complex tax laws and regulations in many jurisdictions, as well as interpretations as to the legality under European Union state aid rules of tax advantages granted in certain jurisdictions. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these disputes or other tax audits or that issues raised by tax authorities will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserves and the actual outcomes of these disputes and other tax audits could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in the jurisdictions where we are subject to tax could materially impact our effective tax rate. The U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) on December 22, 2017 and the Inflation Reduction Act on August 16, 2022. We expect the U.S. Treasury to issue future notices and regulations regarding the application and interpretation of these laws which could have a significant impact on our future results of operations as could interpretations made by the Company in the absence of regulatory guidance and judicial interpretations. 
 
 The Group of Twenty (G20), the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the European Commission (EC) and individual taxing jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. The OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework (IF) on base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) includes actions intended to equip governments with domestic and international rules and instruments to address tax avoidance, ensuring that profits are taxed where economic activities generating the profits are performed and where value is created. The actions include a two-pillar solution to address the tax challenges of the digitalized economy. Pillar One focuses on how profits are allocated between taxing jurisdictions and Pillar Two creates a 15 global minimum tax. On December 31, 2022 South Korea became the first country to enact Pillar Two into national law. On December 15, 2022, the Council of the (EU) European Union unanimously adopted a directive intended to provide EU member states a framework to implement the Pillar Two global minimum tax into their national laws by 2024. Additional countries including the United Kingdom and Japan are taking steps to implement Pillar Two into their national law. Currently, significant uncertainty exists regarding the detailed Pillar Two rules, whether such rules will be implemented consistently across taxing jurisdictions, how such rules interact with existing national tax laws and whether such rules are consistent with existing tax treaty obligations. Accordingly, the final adoption, implementation, and interpretation of Pillar Two across all jurisdictions where we do business could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 The tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis and any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, changes in customs laws and regulations in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our operations in Puerto Rico, Costa Rica and Malaysia presently benefit from various tax incentives and grants. Unless these incentives and grants are extended, they will expire between 2027 and 2034. If we are unable to renew, extend, or obtain new incentive and grants, the expiration of the existing incentives and grants could have a material impact on our financial results in future periods. 
 
 We may not effectively be able to protect our intellectual property or other sensitive data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The medical device market in which we participate is largely technology driven. Physician customers have historically moved quickly to new products and new technologies. As a result, intellectual property rights, particularly patents and trade secrets, play a significant role in product development and differentiation. However, intellectual property litigation is inherently complex and unpredictable and appellate courts can overturn lower court decisions. Furthermore, as our business increasingly relies on technology systems and infrastructure, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation. Finally, our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain. 
 
 27 

Competing parties in our industry frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies and geographies and to balance risk and exposure between the parties. In some cases, several competitors are parties in the same proceeding, or in a series of related proceedings, or litigate multiple features of a single class of devices. These forces frequently drive settlement not only of individual cases, but also of a series of pending and potentially related and unrelated cases. In addition, although monetary and injunctive relief is typically sought, remedies and restitution are generally not determined until the conclusion of the trial court proceedings and can be modified on appeal. Accordingly, the outcomes of individual cases are difficult to time, predict or quantify and are often dependent upon the outcomes of other cases in other geographies. 
 
 A number of third parties have asserted that our current and former product offerings infringe patents owned or licensed by them. We have similarly asserted that products sold by our competitors infringe patents owned or licensed by us. Adverse outcomes in one or more of the proceedings against us could limit our ability to sell certain products in certain jurisdictions, or reduce our operating margin on the sale of these products and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Patents and other proprietary rights are and will continue to be essential to our business, and our ability to compete effectively with other companies will be dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. We rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, strategic alliances, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the U.S. and abroad for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available in order to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. We own numerous U.S. and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. We also are party to license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. No assurance can be made that any pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that any current or future patents issued to, or licensed by, us will not be challenged or circumvented by our competitors, or that our patents will not be found invalid. In addition, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our patents, trade secrets or know-how or to assert them against claimed infringement by others. Any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. We are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. The invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights that we own, or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the laws of certain countries in which we market and plan on manufacturing some of our products in the near future, do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property in these countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses and unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access and other events. While we have invested to protect our intellectual property, products and other data and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks or other events. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Pending and future intellectual property litigation could be costly and disruptive to us. 
 We operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant intellectual property litigation and, in recent years, it has been common for companies in the medical device field to aggressively challenge the patent rights of other companies. We are currently the subject of various patent litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Intellectual property litigation is expensive, complex and lengthy and its outcome is difficult to predict. Adverse outcomes in one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. Pending or future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and may significantly divert the attention of our technical and management personnel. In the event that our right to market any of our products is successfully challenged, we may be required to obtain a license on terms which may not be favorable to us, if at all. If we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 28 

Pending and future product liability claims and other litigation, including private securities litigation, stockholder derivative suits and contract litigation, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 The design, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices of the types that we produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. Many of the medical devices that we manufacture and market are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. A number of factors could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products that we manufacture or sell, including physician technique and experience in performing the surgical procedure, component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, off-label use or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. These factors could result in product liability claims, a recall of one or more of our products or a safety alert relating to one or more of our products. Product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. 
 
 We are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, including not only actual damages, but also punitive damages. The magnitude of the potential losses relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, the cost to defend against any future litigation may be significant. Product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other litigation in the future, regardless of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Additionally, we maintain an insurance policy providing limited coverage against securities claims and we are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. The fact that we do not maintain third-party insurance coverage for all categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and adverse decisions and these losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Any failure to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a medical device manufacturer, we are required to register our establishments and list our devices with the FDA and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with its Quality System Regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. In addition, the Federal Medical Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA which may result in observations on Form 483 and in some cases warning letters that require corrective action. In the European Community, we are required to maintain certain International Standards Organization (ISO) certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. Many other countries in which we do business have similar requirements and other foreign governments or agencies may subject us to periodic inspections. If we, or our manufacturers, fail to adhere to quality system regulations or ISO requirements, this could delay production of our products and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We rely on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third party vendors, manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our IT systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Various other factors may also cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, natural disasters, inadequate or ineffective backups, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, vulnerabilities in third-party software or services, errors by our staff or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these technologies. Malicious actors may attempt to trick staff to disclose information to gain access to our systems and/or data. If our incident response, disaster 
 29 

recovery, and business continuity plans fail, they could result in adverse impacts to our business operations and our financial results. 
 
 Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. In addition, third parties have and may continue to attempt to hack into our products to obtain data relating to patients, or alter the intended functionality of our medical devices, or disrupt performance of our products, or access our proprietary information and the technology from third party vendors that we rely upon may have defects or vulnerabilities which, in turn, create vulnerabilities or disruptions in our system. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in complexity and scope, and inherently may be difficult to detect. We have seen, and could continue to see, software and supply-chain vulnerabilities and malware, which could affect our systems and the systems of our third-party vendors and business partners . Any failure by us to maintain or protect our IT or OT systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations, or, in the worst case, could result in harm to patients. In addition, such attackers may make demands for ransom, which could result in financial loss, or, if we determine not to pay such ransom, other harm, loss, or misappropriation of our data and assets. Such failure, or demonstration of vulnerability to such failure, may also result in additional regulatory scrutiny. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our IT system. 
 
 In the U.S., federal and state privacy and security laws require certain parts of our operations to protect the confidentiality of personal information including patient medical records and other health information, and to comply with other requirements with respect to personal data. In Europe, the Data Protection Directive requires us to manage individually identifiable information in the EU and, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue. Internationally, some countries have also passed laws that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. We strive to meet the expectations of applicable regulations, however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. Enforcement actions could be costly and interrupt regular operations of our business. Any of these events, in turn, may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other healthcare professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change. 
 The effects of global climate change present risks to our business. Natural disasters, extreme weather and other conditions caused by or related to climate change could adversely impact our supply chain, including manufacturing and distribution networks, the availability and cost of raw materials and components, energy supply, transportation, or other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. Climate change and natural disasters could also result in physical damage to our facilities as well as those of our suppliers, customers, and other business partners, which could cause disruption in our business and operations or increase costs to operate our business. Additionally, increased environmental regulation, including to address climate change, may result in increases in our costs to operate our business or restrict certain aspects of our activities. The extent and severity of climate change impacts are unknown, and therefore, the scope of potential impact on our business may be difficult to predict and it may be difficult to adequately prepare. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from certain investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters. From time to time, we announce certain initiatives, including goals, regarding our focus areas, which include environmental matters, including carbon emissions and renewable energy goals, responsible sourcing, social investments and diversity, equity and inclusion. We may fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives and goals. Such failures could be due to changes in our business. Moreover, the standards by which corporate social responsibility and sustainability efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Any such matters, or related corporate social responsibility 
 30 

and sustainability matters, could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 31 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our world headquarters is located in the U.S, in Marlborough, Massachusetts, with principal regional headquarters located in Singapore and Voisins-le-Bretonneux, France. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained 15 principal manufacturing facilities, including eight in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, three in Ireland, two in Costa Rica, one in Malaysia, and one in Brazil, as well as various distribution and technology centers around the world. Many of these facilities produce and manufacture products for more than one of our divisions, and also perform research activities. Our products are distributed worldwide from primary customer fulfillment centers in Massachusetts, the Netherlands, Malaysia and Japan. The following is a summary of our facilities as of December 31, 2022 (in approximate square feet): 
 Owned (1) 
 Leased (2) 
 Total U.S. 4,043,041 1,038,419 5,081,460 International 2,424,123 2,026,634 4,450,757 6,467,164 3,065,053 9,532,217 
 (1) Includes our principal manufacturing facilities in Minnesota, Ireland, Puerto Rico and Coyol, Costa Rica, our manufacturing facility in Malaysia, our primary customer fulfillment centers in Massachusetts, the Netherlands, Malaysia and Japan, as well as our global headquarters located in Marlborough, Massachusetts. 
 (2) Includes our principal manufacturing facilities in California, Indiana, Brazil and Heredia, Costa Rica, as well as our regional headquarters located in Singapore and Voisins-le-Bretonneux, France. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-Kand incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 32 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BSX. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of January 31, 2023 , there were 5,752 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We did not pay a cash dividend in 2022, 2021 or 2020 on our common stock and currently we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. We may consider declaring and paying a cash dividend in the future; however, there can be no assurance that we will do so. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Please see Item 12. "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters" under Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on where to find information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases 
 On December 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved, and we announced, a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 1.000 billion of our common stock (2020 Share Repurchase Program). We made no share repurchases in 2022 or 2021 and, as of December 31, 2022, had the full 1.000 billion remaining available under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program. Refer to Note J Stockholders' Equity to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 There were no purchases of equity securities by the issuer or affiliated purchases in the fourth quarter of 2022, required to be reported here. 
 
 33 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the five-year total return to stockholders on our common stock with the return of the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Stock Index and the S P Healthcare Equipment Index. The graph assumes 100 was invested in our common stock and in each of the named indices on December 31, 2017 and that any dividends were reinvested. 

Note: The stock price performance shown on the graph above is not indicative of future price performance. This graph shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 34 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a full understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 For additional information on our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to our previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Economic Trends 
 Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. These conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the U.S. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. Existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics, including matters related to the Russia/Ukraine war, as well as the tension between China/Taiwan, may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. In particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. In 2022, we experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain, as well as increases in wage costs and the cost and time to distribute our products. In 2023, we expect the impact of macroeconomic and supply chain conditions on our business to be similar to 2022. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19, including all additional variations and strains thereof, a global pandemic (COVID-19 pandemic). Economic conditions created in part by the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our profitability. Further, the resurgence of COVID-19 infections and the emergence of new, more contagious variant strains of COVID-19, as well as staffing shortages within healthcare facilities, may negatively impact demand for our products, net sales, gross profit margin and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales. While the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts may continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team. 

36 

Executive Summary 
 Financial Highlights and Trends 
 
 In 2022, we generated net sales of 12.682 billion, compared to 11.888 billion in 2021. This increase of 794 million, or 6.7 percent, included operational 1 growth of 11.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. Operational net sales growth included organic 2 net sales growth of 8.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 240 basis points from our acquisitions of Preventice Solutions, Inc. (Preventice), Farapulse, Inc. (Farapulse), the global surgical business of Lumenis, LTD (Lumenis) and Baylis Medical Company Inc. (Baylis Medical) for which there is less than a full period of comparable net sales. The increase in our net sales was primarily driven by recent acquisitions as well as the strength and diversity of our product portfolio coupled with growth in the underlying markets in which we compete and strong commercial execution. Refer to the Business and Market Overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business. 
 
 Our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2022 was 642 million, or 0.45 per diluted share. Our reported results for 2022 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling 1.816 billion (after-tax), or 1.26 per diluted share. Excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders 1 for 2022 was 2.459 billion, or 1.71 per diluted share. 
 
 Our reported net income available to common stockholders in 2021 was 985 million, or 0.69 per diluted share. Our reported results for 2021 included certain charges and/or credits which are excluded by management for purposes of assessing operating performance, totaling 1.351 billion (after-tax), or 0.94 per diluted share. Excluding these items, adjusted net income available to common stockholders 1 for 2021 was 2.336 billion, or 1.63 per diluted share. 

1 Operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and other adjusted measures, including organic net sales, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP), are not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Refer to Additional Information for a discussion of management s use of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 2 Organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales. 
 37 

The following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP to those adjusted results considered by management. Refer to Results of Operations for a discussion of each reconciling item: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions, except per share data) Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Net Income (Loss) Preferred Stock Dividends Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders Impact per Share (3) 
 Reported 1,141 443 698 (55) 642 0.45 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization expense 803 (109) 694 694 0.48 Intangible asset impairment charges 132 (29) 102 102 0.07 Acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) 285 53 338 338 0.24 Restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) 110 (14) 96 96 0.07 Litigation-related net charges (credits) 173 (40) 133 133 0.09 Investment portfolio net losses (gains) (30) 2 (28) (28) (0.02) European Union (EU) Medical device regulation (MDR) implementation costs 71 (10) 62 62 0.04 Debt extinguishment charges 194 (45) 149 149 0.10 Deferred tax expenses (benefits) 140 140 140 0.10 Discrete tax items 129 129 129 0.09 Adjusted 2,880 366 2,514 (55) 2,459 1.71 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except per share data) Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Net Income (Loss) Preferred Stock Dividends Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders Impact per Share (3) 
 Reported 1,076 36 1,041 (55) 985 0.69 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization expense 741 (65) 676 676 0.47 Intangible asset impairment charges 370 (51) 318 318 0.22 Acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) (450) (2) (453) (453) (0.32) Restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) 191 (22) 169 169 0.12 Litigation-related net charges (credits) 430 (98) 331 331 0.23 Investment portfolio net losses (gains) 181 (43) 137 137 0.10 European Union (EU) Medical device regulation (MDR) implementation costs 49 (4) 45 45 0.03 Deferred tax expenses (benefits) 132 132 132 0.09 Discrete tax items (5) (5) (5) (0.00) Adjusted 2,587 196 2,391 (55) 2,336 1.63 
 
 (3) For 2022 and 2021, the effect of assuming the conversion of our Series A 5.5 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (MCPS) into shares of common stock was anti-dilutive, and therefore excluded from the calculation of EPS. Accordingly, GAAP Net income (loss) and Adjusted net income were reduced by cumulative Preferred stock dividends , as presented in our consolidated statements of operations, for purposes of calculating GAAP Net income (loss) available to common stockholders . 
 38 

Business and Market Overview 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we reorganized our operational structure and have aggregated our core businesses, each of which generate revenues from the sale of medical devices into two reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular. Within the Cardiovascular segment, the newly formed Cardiology division represents the combined former Rhythm Management and Interventional Cardiology divisions. We have revised prior periods to conform to the current year presentation. The following section describes our results of operations by reportable segment and business unit. For additional information on our businesses and their product offerings, see Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 MedSurg 
 
 Endoscopy 
 
 Our Endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. Net sales of Endoscopy products of 2.221 billion represented 18 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Endoscopy net sales increased 80 million, or 3.7 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase included operational net sales growth of 8.1 percent and the negative impact of 440 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. These year-over-year changes were primarily driven by our biliary franchise led by our AXIOS Stent and Delivery System and our single-use imaging franchise, including our EXALT D Single-use Duodenoscope, as well as our infection prevention and hemostasis franchises. 
 
 Urology 
 
 Our Urology business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions for both male and female anatomies, including kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction and incontinence. Net sales of Urology products of 1.773 billion represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Urology net sales increased 190 million, or 12.0 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase included operational net sales growth of 14.9 percent and the negative impact of 290 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 Operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 9.7 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 530 basis points from our acquisition of Lumenis in the third quarter of 2021. Organic net sales growth was driven by our stone management franchise led by our LithoVue System, our prosthetic urology franchise and our prostate health franchise led by our Rezum System and SpaceOAR Hydrogel. 
 
 Neuromodulation 
 
 Our Neuromodulation business develops and manufactures devices to treat various neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. Net sales of Neuromodulation products of 917 million represented seven percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Neuromodulation net sales increased 8 million, or less than one percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase included operational net sales growth of 3.5 percent and the negative impact of 260 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. Operational net sales performance reflects growth within our spinal cord stimulation (SCS) franchise driven by our WaveWriter Alpha SCS System, strong procedural volumes of our Vercise Genus DBS systems as well as the recent launch of the Vercise 2-in-1 lead extension, largely offset by the impact of reimbursement challenges in the U.S. related to our Vertiflex Superion Indirect Decompression System. 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Cardiology 
 
 Our Cardiology business develops and manufactures devices and medical technologies for diagnosing and treating a variety of diseases and abnormalities of the heart. Net sales of Cardiology products of 5.932 billion represented 47 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Cardiology net sales increased 510 million, or 9.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase included operational net sales growth of 14.5 percent and the negative impact of 510 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. Operational net sales growth included organic net sales growth of 10.4 percent in 2022 and the positive impact of 400 basis points from our acquisitions of Preventice, Farapulse and Baylis Medical in the first and third quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, respectively. 
 
 39 

Organic sales growth was primarily driven by continued market expansion of Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) procedures with our WATCHMAN FLX LAAC Device, as well as performance of our cardiac diagnostics franchise, POLARx and Farapulse ablation systems and percutaneous coronary intervention guidance franchises. 
 
 Peripheral Interventions 
 
 Our Peripheral Interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. Net sales of Peripheral Interventions products of 1.899 billion represented 15 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Peripheral Interventions net sales increased 79 million, or 4.4 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase included operational net sales growth of 9.1 percent and the negative impact of 480 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 Operational net sales growth was primarily driven by our Ranger Drug-Coated Balloon and Eluvia Drug-Eluting Stent System, as well as our interventional oncology franchise led by our Therasphere Y-90 Radioactive Glass Microspheres. 
 
 Emerging Markets 
 
 As part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, we seek to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in Emerging Markets. We define Emerging Markets as the 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. Periodically, we assess our list of Emerging Markets countries, which currently include the following countries: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, T rkiye and Vietnam. Our Emerging Markets net sales represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2022 and 12 percent in 2021. In 2022, our Emerging Markets net sales grew 20.0 percent on a reported basis including operational net sales growth of 29.3 percent and the negative impact of 930 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to 2021. Operational net sales growth was driven primarily by growth in China and India as we continued to focus on globalization and execute new product launches. 
 40 

Results of Operations 
 Net Sales 
 The following table provides our net sales by reportable segment and business unit, and the relative change in growth on a reported basis: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Endoscopy 2,221 2,141 1,780 3.7 20.3 Urology 1,773 1,583 1,286 12.0 23.1 Neuromodulation 917 909 761 0.9 19.5 MedSurg 4,911 4,633 3,827 6.0 21.0 Cardiology 5,932 5,422 4,290 9.4 26.4 Peripheral Interventions 1,899 1,820 1,577 4.4 15.4 Cardiovascular 7,831 7,242 5,866 8.1 23.4 12,742 11,875 9,694 7.3 22.5 Other (4) 
 (60) 13 219 (+100.0) (93.9) Net Sales 12,682 11,888 9,913 6.7 19.9 
 (4) In 2022, amounts reflect sales reserves established for Italian government payback provisions, not allocated to reportable segments, which are being disputed in the Italian court system. In 2021 and 2020, amounts relate to our Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. On March 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. Prior to the divestiture, we presented the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments. 
 
 Refer to Executive Summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2022 and 2021 net sales. 
 
 In 2021, we generated net sales of 11.888 billion compared to 9.913 billion in 2020. This increase of 1.975 billion, or 19.9 percent, included operational growth of 18.7 percent and the positive impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. Operational net sales included 212 million in 2021 associated with our acquisitions of Preventice, Farapulse and Lumenis, for which there was less than a full prior period of comparable net sales. Operational net sales also included 202 million in 2020 associated with our intrauterine health franchise and the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business, divested in the second quarter of 2020 and first quarter of 2021, respectively. The increase in our 2021 net sales was primarily driven by the recovery of elective and semi-emergent procedure volumes compared to 2020 when the COVID-19 pandemic had a more significant impact on our net sales. 

41 

Gross Profit 
 Our gross profit was 8.727 billion in 2022 and 8.177 billion in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, our gross profit remained flat at 68.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2021. The following is a reconciliation of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period: 
 Gross Profit Margin Year Ended December 31, 2020 65.0 Sales pricing, volume and mix 1.2 Abnormal production variances 1.3 LOTUS Edge discontinuation 0.9 Net impact of foreign currency fluctuations (0.3) All other, including other period expense 0.7 Year Ended December 31, 2021 68.8 Manufacturing and supply costs (0.6) Net impact of foreign currency fluctuations 1.3 Sales pricing, volume and mix (0.2) All other, including other period expense (0.5) Year Ended December 31, 2022 68.8 
 
 Our gross profit margin for 2022 was flat compared to 2021. Global supply chain disruption drove increased manufacturing and supply costs, including inflation on costs of certain raw materials and components, direct labor and freight, as well as inefficiencies in our manufacturing plants due to constraints in material availability. The negative impact on our gross profit margin due to global supply chain disruption was offset by foreign currency fluctuations that drove gains on our foreign currency hedging contracts. 
 
 The primary factors contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2021 compared to 2020 were higher sales volumes and favorable product mix associated with the resumption of the procedures using higher-margin products following reduced elective procedure volumes due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, our gross profit margin in 2020 was negatively impacted by abnormal production variances attributable to manufacturing plant shut-downs, inventory charges related to the discontinuation of our LOTUS platform and sales return reserves due to our WATCHMAN FLX consignment conversion. These improvements were partially offset by price declines related primarily to sales of our coronary drug-eluting stent systems and foreign currency fluctuations. In addition, macro-environment factors negatively impacted our gross profit margin, including the cost of operating manufacturing plants with COVID-19 specific health and safety measures and increases in costs of certain raw materials, direct labor and freight. 
 
 EU MDR Implementation Costs 
 
 The European Union Medical Device Regulation (EU MDR) replaced the existing European Medical Devices Directive (MDD) and Active Implantable Medical Device Directive (AIMDD) regulatory frameworks, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with EU MDR beginning in May 2021 for new product registrations and by May 2024 for medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021). Updates to the legislative text of the EU MDR were adopted by the European Parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the Council of the European Union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class IIb and III and 2028 for class I and IIa medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021). 
 
 We began our implementation efforts in late 2019 and have incurred cumulative expenses of 245 million through December 31, 2022, which are primarily being recorded within Cost of product sold . We expect to incur total expenses of approximately 400 million to 450 million over the transition period. 
 
 42 

Operating Expenses 
 The following table provides a summary of our key operating expenses: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) of Net Sales of Net Sales of Net Sales Selling, general and administrative expenses 4,520 35.6 4,359 36.7 3,787 38.2 Research and development expenses 1,323 10.4 1,204 10.1 1,143 11.5 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expenses 
 
 In 2022, our SG A expenses increased 161 million, or 4 percent compared to 2021 and were 100 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. The increase in SG A expenses was due primarily to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales. 
 
 In 2021, our SG A expenses increased 572 million, or 15 percent compared to 2020 and were 150 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily due to higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales and the targeted lifting of spending controls implemented in 2020 in response to the then escalating COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, SG A expenses in 2021 were further impacted by higher restructuring-related spend and acquisition-related costs. 
 
 Research and Development (R D) Expenses 
 
 We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. In 2022, our R D expenses increased 119 million, or 10 percent compared to 2021, and were 30 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales as a result of targeted investments across our businesses. We expect to continue to make investments in clinical trials and innovative technologies to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will address unmet clinical needs and contribute to profitable sales growth. 
 
 In 2021, our R D expenses increased 61 million, or 5 percent compared to 2020, and were 140 basis points lower as a percentage of sales, as a result of investments across our business. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 The following provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance; refer to Additional Information for a further description. 
 
 Amortization Expense 
 
 Our amortization expense relates to intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents. In 2022, Amortization expense increased 62 million, or 8 percent, as compared to 2021. The increase was driven by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions. In 2021, Amortization expense decreased 48 million, or 6 percent, as compared to 2020. The decrease was driven by the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business, partially offset by the addition of amortizable intangible assets associated with recent acquisitions. 
 
 Intangible Asset Impairment Charges 
 
 We recorded Intangible asset impairment charges of 132 million in 2022 and 370 million in 2021. The impairment charges recorded in 2022 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of Vertiflex, Inc., which is now part of our Neuromodulation business, resulting from lower revenue projections due to reimbursement challenges. The impairment charges recorded in 2021 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of VENITI, Inc., which is now part of our Peripheral Interventions business. These charges resulted from management s decision to discontinue commercialization of the VICI VENOUS STENT System following a voluntary recall, due to cost to remediate and time to return to market. In addition, during 2021, we impaired the IPR D assets established in connection with our acquisition of Millipede, Inc. which is now part of our Cardiology business. The charges resulted from the cancellation of the mitral valve IPR D program due to the incremental time and cost required to complete the program and bring the technology to market. 
 43 

Refer to Critical Accounting Estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our intangible assets. 
 
 Contingent Consideration Net Expense (Benefit) 
 
 To recognize changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability, we recorded net charges of 35 million in 2022 and net benefits of 136 million in 2021. In 2022, the net charges related to an increase in expected revenue-based payments as a result of over-achievement of net sales performance, primarily related to our 2021 acquisition of Farapulse. This increase was partially offset by a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated regulatory and commercialization-based milestones upon which payment is conditioned. In 2021, the net benefits related to a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain prior acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated revenue and/or regulatory milestones upon which payment is conditioned, or, for milestones that would not be achieved due to management's discontinuation of the associated R D program. Refer to Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements. 
 
 Restructuring and Restructuring-related Net Charges 
 
 On November 15, 2018, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a global restructuring program (the 2019 Restructuring Plan). The 2019 Restructuring Plan was intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we were appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. Key activities under the 2019 Restructuring Plan included supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity and building functional capabilities to support business growth. These activities were initiated in 2019 and substantially completed in 2022, following a one-year extension and expansion approved by our Board of Directors on February 22, 2021. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of cumulative pre-tax charges associated with the 2019 Restructuring Plan, by major type of cost, of which approximately 404 million resulted in cash outlays: 
 Type of Cost (in millions) 
 Total Amount Incurred Restructuring charges: Termination benefits 73 Other (1) 
 54 Restructuring-related expenses: Transfer costs 232 Other (2) 
 102 461 
 (1) Consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations. 
 (2) Comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities. 

We recorded restructuring charges pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 420 , Exit or Disposal Cost Obligation s related to the 2019 Restructuring Plan of 24 million in 2022, 38 million in 2021, and 32 million in 2020. In addition, we recorded restructuring-related charges within Cost of products sold, Selling, general and administrative expenses, and Research and development expenses of 86 million in 2022, 134 million in 2021, and 84 million in 2020 associated with activities under the 2019 Restructuring Plan . 
 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program. For additional information, refer to 2023 Restructuring Plan under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 

44 

LOTUS Discontinuation 
 
 On November 17, 2020, we announced a global, voluntary recall of all unused inventory of our LOTUS Edge Aortic Valve System, and our decision to retire the entire LOTUS Valve platform. We recorded restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with the product discontinuation of 20 million in 2021 and 55 million in 2020. The restructuring activities were completed in 2021 and resulted in total pre-tax restructuring and restructuring-related net charges of approximately 75 million. 
 
 In addition, during 2020 we recorded 119 million of inventory charges within Cost of products sold and 8 million of Intangible asset impairment charges associated with the product discontinuation. 
 
 Litigation-related Net Charges (Credits) 
 
 We recorded litigation-related net charges of 173 million in 2022 and 430 million in 2021, primarily related to ongoing litigation associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products principally in the U.S. and Australia, as well as costs associated with certain other legal matters. We increased the accrual associated with transvaginal mesh claims to account for changes in our estimates regarding settlement and litigation activity. 
 
 We continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with the financial covenant required by our credit agreements. Refer to Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings 
 
 Interest Expense 
 The following table provides a summary of our Interest expense and average borrowing rate: 
 (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense (470) (341) (361) Weighted average borrowing rate 5.0 3.6 3.6 
 Interest expense and our average borrowing rate increased in 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to 194 million of charges associated with the early extinguishment of 3.275 billion of certain of our senior notes, including payment of tender premiums and the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average borrowing rate associated with our outstanding senior notes was 2.6 percent. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources, as well as Note D Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements and Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our debt obligations. 
 Other, net 
 The following are the components of Other, net : Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 10 4 3 Net foreign currency gain (loss) (31) (27) (32) Net gains (losses) on investments (1) 250 383 Other income (expense), net (16) (9) 7 (38) 218 362 
 
 In 2021, in connection with our acquisitions of Farapulse, Preventice and Devoro Medical, Inc. we remeasured the fair value of our previously-held interests in the acquired companies, which resulted in 475 million of gains recognized in Other, net. In addition, we recorded a loss of 178 million in 2021 and a gain of 363 million in 2020 on our investment in Pulmonx 
 45 

Corporation (Pulmonx) presented in Other, net associated with the remeasurement of our investment to fair value based on observable market prices, as well as the disposition of our remaining ownership. 
 
 The gains on previously held interests are included within Acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) and the Pulmonx net gain (loss) is included in Investment portfolio net losses (gains) presented in the reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP to those adjusted results considered by management. Refer to Financial Summary for the reconciliation and Additional Information for a discussion of management's use of non-GAAP financial measures. 

Tax Rate 
 The following table provides a summary of our reported tax rate: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reported tax rate 38.9 3.3 2.9 Impact of certain receipts/charges (1) 
 (19.1) 13.0 8.3 19.8 16.3 11.2 
 (1) These receipts/charges are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. 
 
 The change in our reported tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021, relates primarily to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate. These receipts and charges include intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, debt extinguishment net charges, as well as certain discrete tax items primarily related to restructuring activities, and tax windfall benefits associated with share-based payments. 
 
 In 2020, we received notification from the IRS regarding the examination of our 2014 through 2016 tax years stating that the Joint Committee on Taxation completed its review, and the IRS examination was resolved. Due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of 91 million to release the reserves related to these years. We received a refund of 62 million from the IRS reflecting the net balance of amounts owed to us by the IRS after consideration of tax and interest due for these years. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (Inflation Reduction Act) was enacted into law by the U.S. government and includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 percent on the adjusted financial statement income (AFSI) of corporations with average AFSI exceeding 1.0 billion over a three-year period. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act imposes a 1 percent excise tax on the fair market value of net corporate stock repurchases. These provisions are effective beginning in 2023. 
 
 See Note H Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on our tax rate. 
 46 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of Cash and cash equivalents , future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, service and repay our existing debt and fund possible acquisitions for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. Please refer to Contractual Obligations and Commitments below for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 928 million of unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of 673 million invested in money market funds and time deposits and 256 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. We invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. We limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer. 
 
 In 2021, we entered into a new 2.750 billion revolving credit facility (2021 Revolving Credit Facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous facility (2018 Revolving Credit Facility). The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on May 10, 2026, with one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. This facility provides backing for our commercial paper program, and outstanding commercial paper directly reduces borrowing capacity under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. There were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility or our commercial paper program as of December 31, 2022, resulting in an additional 2.220 billion of available liquidity. In anticipation of our purchase of a majority stake in Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited (Acotec), a Chinese medical technology company, which closed on February 20, 2023, we reserved approximately 530 million of our borrowing capacity under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility in the fourth quarter of 2022 as proof of funds, as required by Hong Kong guidelines. We funded the acquisition using cash on hand and, as a result, have full borrowing capacity under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility as of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 For additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirement, refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following provides a summary and description of our net cash inflows (outflows): 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used for) operating activities 1,526 1,870 1,508 Cash provided by (used for) investing activities (2,011) (1,597) (411) Cash provided by (used for) financing activities (548) (95) 293 
 Operating Activities 
 In 2022, cash provided by (used for) operating activities decreased 344 million compared to 2021. This decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital, including higher levels of inventory and accounts receivable. In 2021, cash provided by operating activities increased 362 million compared to 2020. This increase was primarily due to comparatively higher net sales and operating income compared to the prior year. 
 
 Cash provided by (used for) operating activities included litigation-related payments of 282 million in 2022, 441 million in 2021 and 420 million in 2020, related primarily to transvaginal mesh litigation. 
 Investing Activities 
 In 2022, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included net cash payments of 1.542 billion for the acquisitions of Baylis Medical and Obsidio, Inc, as well as Purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of 588 million partially offset by Proceeds from settlements of hedge contracts of 56 million and Proceeds from royalty rights of 70 million. 
 47 

In 2021, cash provided by (used for) investing activities primarily included payments of 2.258 billion for the acquisitions of Preventice, Lumenis, Farapulse and Devoro and Purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software of 554 million, partially offset by proceeds of 826 million from the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business and net Proceeds from investments and acquisitions of certain technologies of 279 million primarily from the disposition of our shares in Pulmonx. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we completed a public offering (the Offering) of 3.000 billion in aggregate principal amount of euro-dominated senior notes. The Offering resulted in cash proceeds of 3.270 billion, net of investor discounts and issuance costs. We used the net proceeds from the Offering to fund the tender offer and early redemption of combined aggregate principal amount of 3.275 billion of certain of our outstanding senior notes, as well as to pay accrued interest, tender premiums, fees and expenses. For more information, refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cash provided by (used for) financing activities in 2022 also included Payments of contingent consideration previously established in purchase accounting of 335 million as well as Payments on short-term borrowings of 250 million. 
 In 2021, cash provided by (used for) financing activities primarily included Payments for royalty rights of 85 million and Cash dividends paid on preferred stock of 55 million, partially offset by Proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans of 110 million . 
 Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes and other risks and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. 
 
 Debt 
 
 The following table presents the current and long-term portions of our total debt: 
 As of (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current debt obligations 20 261 Long-term debt 8,915 8,804 Total debt 8,935 9,065 
 
 The following table presents the portions of our total debt that are comprised of fixed and variable rate debt instruments, which are presented on an amortized cost basis: 
 As of (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fixed-rate debt instruments 8,910 9,048 Variable rate debt instruments 25 17 Total debt 8,935 9,065 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenant required by the credit facilities described above. For additional details related to our debt obligations, including our financial covenant requirements, refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 48 

Equity 
 
 During 2022 we received 136 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, compared to 110 million in 2021. Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees. Stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was 220 million in 2022 and 194 million in 2021. Stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors, the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period, forfeiture levels related to unvested awards and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan, as well as the retirement eligibility of stock award recipients. 
 
 On December 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 1.000 billion of our common stock. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2022 or 2021, and had the full amount available under the authorization as of December 31, 2022. There were approximately 263 million shares in treasury as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 (in millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Debt obligations (1) 
 504 1,567 255 960 5,700 8,986 Interest payments (2) 
 240 231 217 198 192 1,587 2,664 Lease obligations 80 66 55 43 34 214 492 Purchase obligations (2) 
 755 119 71 35 19 21 1,021 Legal reserves (3) 
 231 231 One-time transition tax 122 117 146 386 1,428 1,037 2,056 531 1,205 7,522 13,780 
 (1) Debt obligations are comprised of our senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2022. This does not include unamortized debt issuance discounts, deferred financing costs and gain on fair value hedges or finance lease obligations. Refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (2) In accordance with U.S. GAAP, these obligations relate primarily to expenses associated with future periods and, with the exception of accrued interest, are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Interest payments included above are calculated based on rates and required fees applicable to our outstanding debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 described in Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Interest payments above do not include interest on variable rate debt instruments. 
 (3) Timing of payment for our long-term liability for legal matters that are probable and estimable as of December 31, 2022 is uncertain and as such it is excluded from the table above. Refer to Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 The amounts in the table above with respect to purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business. The table above does not include: 
 
 Any future obligations to make payments of contingent consideration pursuant to certain of our acquisition agreements, due to the exact amount and timing of payments being uncertain. Refer to Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information, 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties and other related items because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain. Refer to Note H Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information, 
 
 Acquired IPR D projects that require future funding to complete. We estimate that the total remaining cost to complete acquired IPR D projects is between 55 million and 65 million. Net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to continue through 2039, following the respective launches of these technologies in the U.S. and Europe. Certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent 
 49 

consideration, but the timing and amounts are uncertain. See Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information, 
 
 Holders of our MCPS will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of 5.50 of the liquidation preference of 100 per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the MCPS will continue to accumulate as described in the Certificate of Designations, 
 
 The definitive agreement, entered into on June 15, 2022, with Synergy Innovation Co, Ltd, to purchase its majority stake of M.I. Tech Co., Ltd., (M.I. Tech) for approximately 230 million, which we are working towards closing during the second quarter of 2023, and the definitive agreement, entered into on November 29, 2022, to acquire 100 percent of the fully diluted equity of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. for approximately 615 million, which is expected to close during the first half of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. Additionally, on February 20, 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Acotec for approximately 520 million using cash on hand. See Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 2023 Restructuring Plan 
 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 Restructuring Plan). The 2023 Restructuring Plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. 
 
 The 2023 Restructuring Plan will further build on our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. These activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025. 
 
 While we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 Restructuring Plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs. 
 
 The implementation of the 2023 Restructuring Plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately 450 million to 550 million, of which approximately 350 million to 450 million is expected to result in future cash outlays, and reduce gross annual pre-tax expenses by approximately 225 million to 275 million by the end of 2025 as program benefits are realized. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. The following table provides a summary of our estimates of total pre-tax charges associated with the 2023 Restructuring Plan by major type of cost: 
 
 Type of Cost (in millions) 
 Total Estimated Amount Expected to be Incurred Restructuring charges: Termination benefits (1) 
 60 - 80 Other (2) 
 40 - 60 Restructuring-related expenses: Transfer costs 250 - 280 Other (3) 
 100 - 130 450 - 550 
 (1) Plans detailing specific employee impacts will be developed for each affected region and business, working with employee representative bodies where required under local laws. 
 (2) Consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations. 
 (3) Comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities. 
 50 

Legal Matters 
 
 For a discussion of our material legal proceedings see Note I Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. We have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 To prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. The following are areas considered to be critical and require management s judgment: Revenue Recognition, Inventory Provisions, Valuation of Intangible Assets and Contingent Consideration Liability, Goodwill Valuation, Legal and Product Liability Accruals and Income Taxes. 
 See Note A Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 We record a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when we have an obligation to provide a product or service to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of our performance. When we sell a device with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the unfulfilled performance obligation and recognize this revenue over the related service period. Generally, we do not have observable evidence of the standalone selling price related to our future service obligations; therefore, we estimate the selling price using an expected cost plus a margin approach. We allocate the transaction price using the relative standalone selling price method. The use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral. 
 
 Our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the LATITUDE Patient Management System within our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device and patient longevity. Our contractual liabilities also include deferred revenue related to the LUX-Dx Insertable Cardiac Monitor (ICM) system, also within our CRM business, for which revenue is recognized over the average service period based on device longevity and usage. The use of alternative assumptions could impact the period over which revenue is recognized. 
 
 Variable Consideration 
 
 We generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. We base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record the amount as a reduction to revenue when we sell the initial product. In addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. For these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. Uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates. 
 
 We also offer sales rebates and discounts to certain customers and record these as a reduction of revenue and classify the corresponding liability as current. We estimate rebates for products where there is sufficient historical information available to predict the volume of expected future rebates. If we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected rebates, we record a liability for the maximum rebate percentage offered. 
 
 51 

Post-Implant Services 
 
 We provide non-contractual services to customers to ensure the safe and effective use of certain implanted devices. We forward accrue the costs to provide these services at the time the devices are sold by estimating the amount of time spent by our representatives performing these services and their compensation throughout the device life to determine the service cost. Changes to our business practice or the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of accrued cost. 
 Inventory Provisions 
 We base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. Further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. Uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory. 
 Valuation of Intangible Assets and Contingent Consideration Liability 
 We base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including IPR D, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management s best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. Further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to pay in the future. We re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. Increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount rates, periods, timing and amount of projected revenue or timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. The use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows, discount rates, useful life or probability of achieving clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations and recognized amortization expense and contingent consideration expense or benefit in current and future periods. 
 We review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or adjustment to the remaining useful life. If we determine it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired based on our qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. If the carrying value of the intangible asset is determined not recoverable , we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period the impairment is identified. We calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. The use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment. 
 In addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if indicators exist. We assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (FASB ASC Topic 350) . If the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to fair value. The use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates. 
 Goodwill Valuation 
 
 We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. We test our goodwill balances in the second quarter of each year as of April 1 for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. 
 
 We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. For our 2022 annual impairment assessment, following the reorganization of our operational structure in the first quarter of 2022, we identified the following reporting units for purposes of our annual goodwill impairment test: Interventional Cardiology, Rhythm Management, Peripheral Interventions, Endoscopy, Urology and 
 52 

Neuromodulation. Based on the criteria prescribed in FASB ASC Topic 350, we aggregated the Interventional Cardiology Therapies and Watchman components of our Cardiology operating segment into a single Interventional Cardiology reporting unit and aggregated the Cardiac Rhythm Management and Electrophysiology components into a single Rhythm Management reporting unit. 
 
 In performing annual impairment assessments, when a quantitative test is performed, we typically use only the income approach, specifically the Discounted Cash Flow method, to derive the fair value of each of our reporting units in preparing our goodwill impairment assessments. We historically selected this method as being the most meaningful in preparing our goodwill assessments because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures the fair value of our income producing assets. We have considered using the market approach and cost approach but concluded they are not appropriate in valuing our reporting units given the lack of relevant market comparisons available for application of the market approach and the inability to replicate the value of the specific technology-based assets within our reporting units for application of the cost approach. 
 
 In applying the income approach, we make assumptions about the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, terminal value growth rates and appropriate discount rates. The amount and timing of future cash flows within our Discounted Cash Flow analysis is based on our most recent operational budgets, long range strategic plans and other estimates. The terminal value growth rate reflects our best estimates for stable, perpetual growth of our reporting units. We use estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to our reporting units future expected cash flows. 
 
 Although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. The use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates. 
 
 Future events that could have a negative impact on the levels of excess fair value over carrying value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 decreases in estimated market sizes or market growth rates due to greater-than-expected declines in procedural volumes, inclusive of those resulting from macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pricing pressures and reductions in reimbursement levels, 
 
 declines in our market share and penetration assumptions due to increased competition, an inability to develop or launch new and next-generation products and technology features in line with our commercialization strategies and market and/or regulatory conditions that may cause significant launch delays or product actions, 
 
 decreases in our forecasted profitability due to an inability to implement successfully and achieve timely and sustainable cost improvement measures consistent with our expectations, 
 
 negative developments in intellectual property litigation that may impact our ability to market certain products or increase our costs to sell certain products, 
 
 the level of success of ongoing and future research and development efforts, including those related to acquisitions and increases in the research and development costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and launch new products, 
 
 the level of success in managing the growth of acquired companies, achieving sustained profitability consistent with our expectations, establishing government and third-party payer reimbursement, supplying the market and increases in the costs and time necessary to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully, 
 
 changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses and 
 
 increases in our market-participant risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital and increases in our market-participant tax rate and/or changes in tax laws or macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Negative changes in one or more of these factors, among others, could result in future impairment charges. 
 
 53 

Legal and Product Liability Accruals 
 
 We are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. In some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. We accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. Otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. If the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. Litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain, and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. As such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. Our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us, trial court or appellate proceedings, and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We establish reserves when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant judgment based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in addition to applying complex tax regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. Under U.S. GAAP, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must determine it is more likely than not the position will be sustained, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. Although we believe that we have adequately provided for liabilities resulting from tax assessments by taxing authorities, positions taken by these tax authorities could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows. 
 
 As part of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA), we are subject to a territorial tax system in which we are required to establish an accounting policy in providing for tax on Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. We have elected to treat the impact of GILTI as a period cost and report it as a part of continuing operations. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note P New Accounting Pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on standards implemented during 2022 and standards to be implemented in future periods. 
 Additional Information 
 
 Corporate Sustainability 
 
 Our sustainable environmental, social and governance practices underpin all aspects of our global business. Our approach is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and our material topics and practices are informed by a broad range of internal and external stakeholders locally, nationally and globally. Our employees around the world work with suppliers and other organizations that share our commitment to these practices that help address issues related to health inequity, economic disparity, climate change and environmental protection. These efforts are supported by our cross-functional Corporate Social Responsibility Steering Committee, our Corporate Social Responsibility Council, our Environmental Health and Safety teams and policies, our Global Council for Inclusion, as well as our local, regional and national employee and community engagement programs. In addition, our Executive Committee performance is measured, among other things, against global gender and U.S. (inclusive of Puerto Rico) multicultural goals and performance against annual renewable electricity and carbon emissions goals. 
 
 We are also making measurable progress toward shaping a better future for our planet by proactively addressing energy consumption, carbon emissions and waste management. We have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. Our Global Real Estate, Facilities, Environment, Health Safety function is responsible for rigorously measuring, assessing and reporting progress toward these goals globally. We are focused on a C3 strategy: Cutting energy use, Converting to renewable energy sources and Compensating with carbon offset projects where needed. Our Global Headquarters and U.S. distribution center in Massachusetts, and our manufacturing plants in Dorado, Puerto Rico and Coyol, Costa Rica all utilize solar energy from on-site installations. Our goal is to fully source or generate electricity from renewable sources by 2024, and by 2027, our goal is that 90 
 54 

percent of all energy used across our manufacturing and key distribution sites, will be from renewable sources, representing an important milestone toward our 2030 carbon neutrality commitment. 
 
 In 2022, we obtained additional ISO 50001:2018 - Energy Management Systems certification for our manufacturing plants in Maple Grove and Arden Hills, Minnesota and in Dorado, Puerto Rico. This brings the total number of ISO 50001:2018 certified sites in our global network to twelve. We have also obtained ISO 14001:2015 - Environment Management Systems certification at our major manufacturing plants and Tier 1 distribution centers around the world, as well as our Global Headquarters. These are globally recognized standards for employee Energy and Environmental Management Systems, established by the International Standards Organization, which provides a voluntary framework to identify key energy and environmental aspects associated with our business. Using these management systems and the specific attributes of our certified locations, we continue to improve our energy and environmental performance. We also have 12 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certified buildings on campuses in the U.S., Latin America, Europe and Asia. LEED is an internationally recognized certification program that seeks to ensure the mindful development, construction and maintenance of buildings in a way that benefits occupants and the environment by reducing waste and conserving resources. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our Board of Directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. Under our framework, cybersecurity issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts and a crisis committee for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of impact. Matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately reported by management to the Board of Directors, or individual members or committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. In addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate. 
 
 International conflicts, including, but not limited to the Russia/Ukraine war and tension between China/Taiwan, have heightened cybersecurity risks on a global basis. While there is significant uncertainty around implications of cybersecurity attacks resulting from such conflicts, we have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur. 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis, we disclose certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share (EPS) that exclude certain charges (credits); operational net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and organic net sales, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations as well as the impact of certain acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. These non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Further, other companies may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 
 To calculate adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share we exclude certain charges (credits) from GAAP net income and GAAP net income available to common stockholders, which include amortization expense, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), investment portfolio gains and losses, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits), EU MDR implementation costs, debt extinguishment charges, deferred tax expenses (benefits) and discrete tax items. Amounts are presented after-tax using our effective tax rate, unless the amount is a significant unusual or infrequently occurring item in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740-270-30, "General Methodology and Use of Estimated Annual Effective Tax Rate." 
 
 The GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders and adjusted net income (loss) per share are GAAP net income (loss), GAAP net income (loss) available to common stockholders and GAAP net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution, respectively. 
 
 To calculate operational net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we convert actual net sales from local currency to U.S. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior periods. 
 55 

To calculate organic net sales growth rates, we also remove the impact of acquisitions and divestitures with less than a full period of comparable net sales. The GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to operational net sales and organic net sales is net sales reported on a GAAP basis. 
 
 Reconciliations of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Management uses these supplemental non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. In addition, management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. The adjustments excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments measures of net sales and profit or loss. These adjustments are excluded from the segment measures reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 
 We believe that presenting adjusted net income (loss), adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders adjusted net income (loss) per share, operational and organic net sales growth rates, in addition to the corresponding GAAP financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results through the eyes of management. We further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. 
 
 The following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-GAAP financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items. In each case, management has excluded the item for purposes of calculating the relevant non-GAAP financial measure to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance: 
 
 Adjusted Net Income (loss), Adjusted Net Income (loss) Available to Common Stockholders and Adjusted Net Income (loss) per Share 
 
 Amortization expense - We record intangible assets acquired in a business combination or asset acquisition, as well as internally-developed patents at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance due to its non-cash nature and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges - These amounts represent write-downs of certain goodwill and/or other intangible asset balances. We review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. If we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable, goodwill of a reporting unit is impaired or it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired , we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. Impairment charges are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) - These adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs related to our acquisition and divestiture transactions; (d) inventory step-up amortization and accelerated compensation expense; (e) integration and exit costs; and (f) separation costs and gains or losses primarily associated with the sale of a business or portion of a business. The contingent consideration fair value adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities at their estimated fair value. These adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration. Gains on previously held investments, due diligence, deal fees and other fees and costs, inventory step-up amortization, accelerated compensation expense, and other expenses and gains or losses associated with divestitures or acquisitions can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. Integration, separation and exit costs, include contract cancellations, severance and other compensation-related charges and costs, project management fees and costs, and other direct costs associated with the integration of our acquisitions or separation of our divested businesses. These integration, separation and exit activities take place over a defined timeframe and have distinct project timelines, are incremental to activities and costs that arise in the ordinary course 
 56 

of our business and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. These acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) - These adjustments primarily represent severance and other compensation-related charges, fixed asset write-offs, contract cancellations, project management fees, facility shut down costs, costs to transfer manufacturing lines between geographically dispersed facilities and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. These restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. Examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations and seek regulatory approvals. Restructuring initiatives take place over a defined timeframe and have a distinct project timeline that requires, and begins subsequent to, approval by our Board of Directors. In contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over the defined timeframe and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020 and first half of 2021, we incurred restructuring and restructuring-related net charges associated with management s decision to retire the LOTUS platform. These restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Litigation-related net charges (credits) - These adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. We record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statements of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. Certain litigation-related net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 EU MDR implementation costs - These adjustments represent certain incremental costs specific to complying with new regulatory requirements in the EU. EU MDR replaced the existing European Medical Devices Directive (MDD) regulatory framework, and manufacturers of medical devices were required to comply with EU MDR beginning in May 2021 for new product registrations and by May 2024 for medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021). Updates to the legislative text of the EU MDR were adopted by the European Parliament and are currently being reviewed for adoption by the Council of the European Union, including an extension of the transitional period to 2027 for class IIb and III and 2028 for class I and IIa medical devices which have a valid CE Certificate to the prior Directives (issued before May 2021). We expect to incur significant expenditures in connection with the adoption of the EU MDR requirements and we consider the adoption of EU MDR to be a significant change to a regulatory framework, and therefore, these expenditures are not considered to be ordinary course expenditures in connection with regulatory matters. As such, certain of these costs are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Debt extinguishment net charges (credits) - These amounts relate to the early extinguishment of certain outstanding principal amounts of our senior notes. Certain debt extinguishment net charges (credits) are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Investment portfolio net losses (gains) - These amounts represent write-downs or fair value remeasurement gains and losses related to our investment portfolio. Each reporting period, we evaluate our investments without a readily determinable fair value to determine if there are any events or circumstances that are likely to have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. If we identify an impairment indicator, we will estimate the fair value of the investment and compare it to its carrying value and determine if the impairment is other-than-temporary, and recognize an impairment loss. In addition, for those investments accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting, we record gains and losses to remeasure the carrying value of the investments to their fair values based on observable market prices or implied market values. Investment impairment charges and fair value remeasurements can be highly variable dependent on external market factors and conditions 
 57 

relative to the underlying investee, which are generally outside of the control of management, as such these amounts are excluded from management's assessment of performance. 
 
 Deferred tax expenses (benefits) - This adjustment relates to a significant non-cash tax benefit arising from an intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property completed in the fourth quarter of 2019 which resulted in our recording a 4.102 billion net deferred tax asset. The deferred tax benefit associated with the establishment of the net deferred tax asset as well as any deferred tax expense resulting from the reversal of the deferred tax asset are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Discrete tax items - These items represent adjustments of certain tax positions including those which a) are related to the finalization of the enactment date impact of the TCJA, or b) are related to the tax consequences of a non-GAAP adjustment item booked in a prior period. These discrete tax items are excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
 
 Operational Net Sales 
 
 The impact of foreign currency fluctuations is highly variable and difficult to predict. Accordingly, management excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for purposes of reviewing net sales and growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance. 
 
 Organic Net Sales 
 
 Organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans by Executive Officers 
 
 Periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and our own Stock Trading Policy. A Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. These plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. We disclose details regarding individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 
 58 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As the management of Boston Scientific Corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria. 
 
 In accordance with the SEC Staff 's interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses, we are permitted to omit an assessment of an acquired business's internal control over financial reporting from our assessment of internal control for up to one year from the acquisition date. As such, we have excluded Baylis Medical Company Inc., acquired on February 14, 2022, from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This business represented less than one percent of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and approximately one percent of net sales for the year then ended. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This report, in which they expressed an unqualified opinion, is included below. 
 /s/ Michael F. Mahoney /s/ Daniel J. Brennan Michael F. Mahoney Daniel J. Brennan Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Boston Scientific Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Boston Scientific Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Boston Scientific Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Baylis Medical Company Inc., which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted less than 1 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and approximately 1 of revenues for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Baylis Medical Company Inc. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 60 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 23, 2023 
 61 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We develop, manufacture and sell medical devices globally and our earnings and cash flows are exposed to market risk from changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates. We address these risks through a risk management program that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We operate the program pursuant to documented corporate risk management policies. We do not enter derivative transactions for speculative purposes. Gains and losses on derivative financial instruments substantially offset losses and gains on underlying hedged exposures. Furthermore, we manage our exposure to counterparty risk on derivative instruments by entering into contracts with a diversified group of major financial institutions and by actively monitoring outstanding positions. 
 
 Our currency risk consists primarily of foreign currency denominated firm commitments, forecasted foreign currency denominated intercompany and third-party transactions and net investments in certain subsidiaries. We use both nonderivative (primarily manufacturing operations outside the U.S.) and derivative instruments to manage our earnings and cash flow exposure to changes in currency exchange rates. We had currency derivative instruments outstanding in the contract amount of 7.324 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 8.381 billion as of December 31, 2021. A ten percent appreciation in the U.S. dollar s value relative to the hedged currencies would increase the derivative instruments fair value by 208 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 298 million as of December 31, 2021. A ten percent depreciation in the U.S. dollar s value relative to the hedged currencies would decrease the derivative instruments fair value by 254 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 364 million as of December 31, 2021. Any increase or decrease in the fair value of our currency exchange rate sensitive derivative instruments would be substantially offset by a corresponding decrease or increase in the fair value of the hedged underlying asset, liability or forecasted transaction, resulting in minimal impact on our earnings. 
 
 Our interest rate risk relates primarily to U.S. dollar and euro-denominated borrowings partially offset by U.S. dollar cash investments. We have historically used interest rate derivative instruments to manage our earnings and cash flow exposure to changes in interest rates. We had no interest rate derivative instruments outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 8.986 billion in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding debt obligations were at fixed interest rates, representing approximately 100 percent of our total debt, on an amortized cost basis. As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding debt obligations at fixed interest rates were comprised of senior notes. 
 
 See Note D Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding our derivative financial instruments. 
 62 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Boston Scientific Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Boston Scientific Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 63 

Description of the Matter 
 Business Combinations 
 As disclosed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, during 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Baylis Medical Company Inc. for a purchase price of 1.46 billion, net of cash acquired. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for the acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the fair value of identified intangible assets, which totaled 657 million and principally consisted of developed technology. A significant emphasis is placed on the appropriateness of the estimates used by management to determine the fair value of acquired intangible assets due to the sensitivity of the respective fair values to the underlying assumptions. The Company used an income approach to measure the technology-related intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets included discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, including revenue growth rates, estimates of technological obsolescence, operating profit margin and market participant synergies. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the Company s accounting for acquisitions. For example, we tested controls over the identification and valuation of intangible assets, including the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. We read the purchase agreement, evaluated the significant assumptions and methods used in developing the fair value estimates, and tested the recognition of (1) the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value; (2) the identifiable intangible assets acquired at fair value; and (3) goodwill measured as a residual. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's use of the income approach and testing the significant assumptions used in the model, as described above. We evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the analyses. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, to the assumptions used to value similar assets in other acquisitions, to the historical results of the acquired business and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We involved our valuation professionals to assist with our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and significant assumptions included in the fair value estimates. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1992. 

February 23, 2023 
 
 64 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Royalty expense Amortization expense Goodwill impairment charges Intangible asset impairment charges Contingent consideration net expense (benefit) ) ) Restructuring net charges (credits) Litigation-related net charges (credits) Loss (gain) on disposal of businesses and assets ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net income (loss) available to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) per common share basic ) Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Assuming dilution 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net change in derivative financial instruments ) Net change in defined benefit pensions and other items ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, (in millions, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid income taxes Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current debt obligations Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value - authorized shares; issued shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value - authorized shares; issued shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost - shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except share data) 2022 2021 2020 Preferred stock shares outstanding Beginning Preferred stock issuance Ending Common stock shares outstanding Beginning Common stock issuance Stock-based compensation Ending Preferred stock Beginning Preferred stock issuance Ending Common stock Beginning Common stock issuance Stock-based compensation Ending Treasury Stock Beginning ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Ending ) ) ) Additional Paid-In Capital Beginning Preferred stock issuance Common stock issuance Stock-based compensation Ending Accumulated Deficit Beginning ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Cumulative effect adjustment for adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Ending ) ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Beginning Changes in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Derivative financial instruments ) Defined benefit pensions and other items ) Ending Total stockholders' equity 
 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used for) operating activities Loss (gain) on disposal of businesses and assets ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred and prepaid income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges Net loss (gain) on investments and notes receivable ) ) Contingent consideration net expense (benefit) ) ) Inventory step-up amortization Debt extinguishment costs Other, net Increase (decrease) in operating assets and liabilities, excluding purchase accounting: Trade accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Cash provided by (used for) operating activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment and internal use software ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Payments for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from (payments for) investments and acquisitions of certain technologies ) ) Proceeds from disposal of certain businesses and assets Proceeds from royalty rights Proceeds from (payments for) settlements of hedge contracts Cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration previously established in purchase accounting ) ) ) Payments for royalty rights ) ) ) Payments on short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings, net of debt issuance costs Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper ) ) Payments on borrowings from credit facilities ) Proceeds from borrowings on credit facilities Payments on long-term borrowings and debt extinguishment costs ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings, net of debt issuance costs Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock in connection with public offering Net proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with public offering Payments for repurchase of common stock ) Cash used to net share settle employee equity awards ) ) ) Proceeds from issuances of shares of common stock pursuant to employee stock compensation and purchase plans Cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION) 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Information Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest Fair value of contingent consideration recorded in purchase accounting Non-cash impact of transferred royalty rights ) ) ) (in millions) As of December 31, Reconciliation to amounts within the consolidated balance sheets: 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in Other current assets 
 Restricted cash equivalents included in Other long-term assets 
 Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of period 

See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

71 

72 

73 

million of abnormal manufacturing variances attributable to lower production levels resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and lower than forecasted demand for our products. We did not record any abnormal production variances during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

74 

75 

76 

77 

percent of the outstanding shares of M.I. Tech, consists of an upfront purchase price of KRW billion or approximately million at foreign currency exchange rates locked into at the time of the agreement via forward currency contracts. We are working towards closing the acquisition during the second quarter of 2023, subject to customary regulatory approvals. The M.I. Tech stent portfolio complements our existing Endoscopy portfolio which will provide physicians with more treatment options to meet specific patient needs. 
 
 On November 29, 2022, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire percent of the outstanding equity of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (Apollo), a public company which offers a portfolio of devices used during endoluminal procedures to close gastrointestinal defects, manage gastrointestinal complications and aid in weight loss for patients suffering from obesity. The agreement provides for an upfront cash payment of per share, approximately million, and is expected to close during the first half of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. The Apollo business will be integrated into our Endoscopy division. 
 
 On February 20, 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited (Acotec), a publicly traded Chinese manufacturer of drug-coated balloons used in the treatment of vascular and other diseases. We acquired approximately percent of the outstanding shares of Acotec, for an upfront cash payment of HK per share, or approximately million at foreign currency exchange rates as of closing using cash on hand. The Acotec portfolio complements our existing Peripheral Interventions portfolio and will strengthen our presence in China. 
 
 2022 Acquisition 
 
 On February 14, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Baylis Medical Company Inc. (Baylis Medical), a privately-held company which has developed the radiofrequency (RF) NRG and VersaCross Transseptal Platforms as well as a family of guidewires, sheaths and dilators used to support left heart access, which expands our electrophysiology and structural heart product portfolios. The transaction consisted of an upfront cash payment of billion, net of cash acquired, subject to closing adjustments. We are integrating the Baylis Medical business into our Cardiology division. 
 78 

Amortizable intangible assets Other assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) 
 
 Goodwill was primarily established due to synergies expected to be gained from leveraging our existing operations, as well as revenue and cash flow projections associated with future technologies. 
 
 Other intangible assets 
 Our technology-related intangible assets consist of technical processes, intellectual property and institutional understanding with respect to products and processes that we intend to leverage in future products or processes and will carry forward from one product generation to the next. We used the multi-period excess earnings method, a form of the income approach, to derive the fair value of the technology-related intangible assets and are amortizing them on a straight-line basis over their assigned estimated useful lives. 
 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of Preventice Solutions, Inc. (Preventice), a privately-held company with a full portfolio of mobile cardiac health solutions and services, ranging from ambulatory cardiac monitors, to cardiac event monitors and mobile cardiac telemetry. The transaction consisted of an upfront cash payment of million and up to an additional million in a potential commercial milestone payment. We had been an investor in Preventice since 2015 and held an equity stake of approximately percent immediately prior to the acquisition date. We remeasured the fair value of our previously-held investment based on the allocation of the purchase price according to priority of equity interests, which resulted in a million gain recognized within Other, net . The transaction price for the remaining stake consisted of an upfront cash payment of million, net of cash acquired, and an additional revenue-based milestone payment of million made during the second quarter of 2022. The Preventice business is being managed by our Cardiology division. 
 
 79 

million, up to million upon achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones and additional revenue-based payments over the next . We had been an investor in Farapulse since 2014 and held an equity stake of approximately percent immediately prior to the acquisition date. We remeasured the fair value of our previously-held investment based on the allocation of the purchase price according to priority of equity interests which resulted in a million gain recognized within Other, net . The transaction price for the remaining stake consisted of an upfront cash payment of million, net of cash acquired, up to million in additional clinical and regulatory milestone payments, as well as future revenue-based payments. We have made combined milestone and revenue based payments of million to date. The Farapulse business is being integrated into our Cardiology division. 
 
 On September 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of the global surgical business of Lumenis LTD. (Lumenis), a privately-held company that has developed and commercialized energy-based medical solutions, including innovative laser systems, fibers and accessories used for urology and otolaryngology procedures. The transaction consisted of an upfront cash payment of billion, net of cash acquired. The Lumenis business is being integrated into our Urology division. 
 
 On November 8, 2021, we completed our acquisition of the remaining shares of Devoro Medical, Inc. (Devoro Medical), a privately-held company which has developed the WOLF Thrombectomy Platform, a non-console and lytic-free platform designed to rapidly capture and extract blood clots in arterial, venous and pulmonary embolism procedures. The transaction consisted of an upfront cash payment of million and up to million upon achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones. We had been an investor in Devoro Medical since 2019 and held an equity stake of approximately percent. We remeasured the fair value of our previously held investment based on the allocation of the purchase price according to priority of equity interests which resulted in a million gain recognized within Other, net . The transaction price for the remaining stake consisted of an upfront cash payment of million, net of cash acquired, and up to approximately million in future milestone payments. The Devoro Medical business is being integrated into our Peripheral Interventions division. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 The final purchase price for the acquisitions completed during 2021 were comprised of the components presented below, which represents the determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 
 Fair value of contingent consideration Fair value of prior interest 
 
 Amortizable intangible assets Indefinite-lived intangible assets Other assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 Goodwill was primarily established due to synergies expected to be gained from leveraging our existing operations, as well as revenue and cash flow projections associated with future technologies. 
 
 80 

million related to uncertain tax positions assumed in connection with the acquisition. We expect to be indemnified for the majority of such tax obligations and we recognized a corresponding indemnification asset of million within Other non-current assets within our consolidated balance sheets. Interest and penalties accrued on the tax liability are being recorded within Income tax expense (benefit) and corresponding adjustments to the indemnification asset are being recorded in Other, net within our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The outcome of these matters is subject to uncertainty and ultimately, the amount of tax due and the related indemnification reimbursement we receive will be dependent on the outcome of tax return examinations by relevant authorities. Refer to Note Note G Supplemental Balance Sheet Information for further details regarding our indemnification asset. 
 
 Other intangible assets Lumenis: Amortizable intangible assets: Technology-related Other intangible assets Indefinite-lived intangible assets: IPR D N/A All Other: Amortizable intangible assets: Technology-related - Indefinite-lived intangible assets: IPR D N/A 
 
 2021 Divestiture 
 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business to Stark International Lux S.A.R.L., and SERB SAS, affiliates of SERB, a European specialty pharmaceutical group, for a purchase price of approximately million, subject to certain adjustments including cash on hand at the closing of the transaction. The agreement included the transfer of facilities and approximately employees globally. 
 
 In 2020, we recorded Goodwill impairment charges of million related to our Specialty Pharmaceuticals business and classified the remaining assets and liabilities as held for sale as of December 31, 2020. 

81 

Amount recorded related to current year acquisitions Contingent consideration net expense (benefit) ) Contingent consideration payments ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Contingent consideration net expense (benefit) Contingent consideration payments ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The payments made during 2022 were primarily related to our 2021 acquisitions of Farapulse and Preventice. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of future contingent consideration (undiscounted) that we could be required to pay associated with our completed acquisitions was approximately million. The net expense of million recorded in 2022 related to an increase in expected revenue-based payments as a result of over-achievement of net sales performance, primarily related to Farapulse. The net benefit of million recorded in 2021 related to a reduction in the contingent consideration liability for certain prior acquisitions for which we reduced the probability of achievement of associated revenue and/or regulatory milestones upon which payment is conditioned, or, for milestones that would not be achieved due to management's discontinuation of the associated R D program. Refer to Note C Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for further details. 
 
 million Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate - Probability of Payment - Projected Year of Payment 2023 - 2025 2024 Revenue-based Payments million Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate - Probability of Payment Projected Year of Payment 2023 - 2024 2023 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the contingent consideration liability. For projected year of payment, the amount represents the median of the inputs and is not a weighted average. 
 
 Projected contingent payment amounts related to our R D, regulatory and commercialization-based and revenue-based milestones are discounted back to the current period, primarily using a discounted cash flow model. Significant increases or decreases in projected revenues, probabilities of payment, discount rates or the time until payment is made would have resulted in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 82 

Measurement alternative investments (1) 
 Publicly-held securities (2) 
 Notes receivable 
 (1) Measurement alternative investments are privately-held equity securities or agreements for future equity without readily determinable fair values that are measured at cost less impairment, if any, adjusted to fair value for any observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer, recognized in Other, net within our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Publicly-held equity securities are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in Other, net within our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 These investments are classified as Other long-term assets within our consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our accounting policies. 
 
 million loss on our investment in Pulmonx Corporation presented in Other, net million, which represents amortizable intangible assets, IPR D, goodwill and deferred tax liabilities. 

) ) Patents ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Amortizable intangible assets ) ) Goodwill ) ) IPR D Technology-related Indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 
 The increase in our balance of goodwill and amortizable intangible assets is related primarily to our acquisition of Baylis Medical completed in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Intangible asset impairment charges were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. The impairment charges recorded in 2022 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of Vertiflex, Inc., which is now part of our Neuromodulation business, resulting from lower revenue projections due to reimbursement challenges. The impairment charges recorded in 2021 were primarily associated with amortizable technology-related intangible assets that were initially established following our acquisition of VENITI, Inc., which is now part of our Peripheral Interventions business. These charges resulted from management s decision 
 83 

Goodwill acquired Foreign currency fluctuations and other changes ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency fluctuations and other changes ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we reorganized our operational structure in order to strengthen our category leadership in the markets we serve and, in particular, benefit our Cardiology customers and patients. Following the reorganization, we have aggregated our core businesses into two reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular, each of which generates revenues from the sale of medical devices. We have revised prior periods to conform to the current year presentation. There was no impact to the reporting units identified for purposes of our annual goodwill impairment testing. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test utilizing both the qualitative and quantitative approach described in FASB ASC Topic 350. The qualitative approach was used for testing reporting units where fair value has historically exceeded carrying value by greater than 100 percent, and all other reporting units were tested using the quantitative approach. We determined that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and concluded that goodwill was not impaired or at risk of impairment. 
 
 Refer to Note A Significant Accounting Policies for further discussion of our goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

84 

million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued in November 2019 and due in 
 85 

million in aggregate notional amount of these contracts. 
 
 Interest Rate Hedging Instruments 
 Risk Management Strategy 
 
 Our interest rate risk relates primarily to U.S. dollar and euro-denominated borrowings partially offset by U.S. dollar cash investments. We use interest rate derivative instruments to mitigate the risk to our earnings and cash flows associated with exposure to changes in interest rates. Under these agreements, we and the counterparty, at specified intervals, exchange the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. We designate these derivative instruments either as fair value or cash flow hedges in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815. 
 
 Hedge Designations and Relationships 
 
 We had no interest rate derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 In the event that we designate outstanding interest rate derivative instruments as cash flow hedges, we record the changes in the fair value of the derivatives within OCI until the underlying hedged transaction occurs. The balance of the deferred amounts on our terminated cash flow hedges within AOCI was a million loss as of December 31, 2022 and a million loss as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 We had no interest rate derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In the event that we designate outstanding interest rate derivative instruments as fair value hedges, we record the changes in the fair values of interest rate derivatives designated as fair value hedges and of the underlying hedged debt instruments in Interest expense , which generally offset. 
 
 Forward currency contracts Net investment hedge Foreign currency-denominated debt (1) 
 Net investment hedge Forward currency contracts Non-designated Total Notional Outstanding 
 (1) Foreign currency-denominated debt is the million debt principal designated as a net investment hedge. 
 
 The remaining time to maturity as of December 31, 2022 is within months for all forward currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges and generally less than one year for all non-designated forward currency contracts. The forward currency contracts designated as net investment hedges generally mature within the next year. The euro-denominated debt principal designated as a net investment hedge has a contractual maturity of December 1, 2027. 
 
 86 

) Cost of products sold ) ) Net investment hedges (2) 
 ) Interest expense ) ) Foreign currency-denominated debt Net investment hedges (3) 
 ) Other, net Interest rate derivative contracts Cash flow hedges Interest expense ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Forward currency contracts Cash flow hedges ) Cost of products sold ) ) Net investment hedges (2) 
 ) Interest expense ) ) Foreign currency-denominated debt Net investment hedges (3) 
 ) Other, net ) Interest rate derivative contracts Cash flow hedges Interest expense ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 Forward currency contracts Cash flow hedges ) ) Cost of products sold ) ) Net investment hedges (2) 
 ) ) Interest expense ) ) Foreign currency-denominated debt Net investment hedges (3) 
 ) ) Other, net ) Interest rate derivative contracts Cash flow hedges Interest expense ) 
 (1) In all periods presented in the table above, the pre-tax (gain) loss amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings represent the effect of the hedging relationships on earnings. 
 (2) For our outstanding forward currency contracts designated as net investment hedges, the net gain or loss reclassified from AOCI to earnings as a reduction of Interest expense represents the straight-line amortization of the excluded component as calculated at the date of designation. This initial value of the excluded component has been excluded from the assessment of effectiveness in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815. In the current and prior periods, we did not recognize any gains or losses on the components included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness in earnings. 
 (3) For our outstanding euro-denominated debt principal designated as a net investment hedge, the change in fair value attributable to changes in the spot rate is recorded in the CTA component of OCI . No amounts were reclassified from AOCI to current period earnings. 
 
 87 

Forward currency contracts Net investment hedge Interest expense Interest rate derivative contracts Cash flow hedge Interest expense ) ) Net gain (loss) on currency transaction exposures Other, net ) ) Net currency exchange gain (loss) ) ) ) 

88 

Forward currency contracts Other long-term assets Non-Designated Hedging Instruments Forward currency contracts Other current assets Total Derivative and Nonderivative Assets Derivative and Nonderivative Liabilities: Designated Hedging Instruments Forward currency contracts Other current liabilities Forward currency contracts Other long-term liabilities Foreign currency-denominated debt (2) 
 Other long-term liabilities Non-Designated Hedging Instruments Forward currency contracts Other current liabilities Total Derivative and Nonderivative Liabilities 
 (1) We classify derivative and nonderivative assets and liabilities as current when the settlement date of the contract is one year or less. 
 (2) Foreign currency-denominated debt is the million debt principal designated as a net investment hedge. A portion of this notional is subject to de-designation and re-designation based on changes in the underlying hedged item. 
 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 On a recurring basis, we measure certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value based upon quoted market prices. Where quoted market prices or other observable inputs are not available, we apply valuation techniques to estimate fair value. FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The category of a financial asset or a financial liability within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value. The three levels of the hierarchy are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs to the valuation methodology are other observable inputs, including quoted market prices for similar assets or liabilities and market-corroborated inputs. 
 Level 3 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable inputs based on management s best estimate of inputs market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date, including assumptions about risk. 
 89 

Publicly-held securities Hedging instruments Licensing arrangements Liabilities Hedging instruments Contingent consideration liability Licensing arrangements 
 
 Our investments in money market funds and time deposits are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. These investments are classified as Cash and cash equivalents within our accompanying consolidated balance sheets, in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our accounting policies. In addition to million invested in money market funds and time deposits as of December 31, 2022 and billion as of December 31, 2021, we held million in interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our recurring fair value measurements using Level 3 inputs include those related to our contingent consideration liability. Refer to Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments for a discussion of the changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability. 
 
 In addition, our recurring fair value measurements using Level 3 inputs related to our licensing arrangements, including the contractual right to receive future royalty payments related to the Zytiga Drug. We own the contractual right to receive 50 percent of the future Zytiga Drug royalty payments from the licensee and remit such payments to the inventors associated with the intellectual property. We recognized a financial asset and associated liability for our licensing arrangements at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets using the fair value option in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments. We elected the fair value option to measure the financial asset and associated liability as it provides for consistency and comparability of these instruments. Royalty payments we receive reduce the fair value of the financial asset and are presented within Proceeds from royalty rights, and payments we remit to inventors reduce the fair value of the financial liability and are presented within Payments for royalty rights within our consolidated statements of cash flows. We sold our right to receive and retain the other 50 percent of the future royalty payments in 2019 for an upfront cash payment, which we accounted for as a secured borrowing in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing . Although we sold these rights, we continue to recognize at fair value the future royalty payments as a financial asset and associated liability. Royalty payments associated with the rights we sold no longer impact our cash flows, and we present this activity as Non-cash impact of transferred royalty rights in the supplemental information to our consolidated statements of cash flows. We reduce the fair value of the financial asset and associated liability when such non-cash activity occurs. 
 
 We record the fair value of the financial asset and associated liability using a discounted cash flow approach considering the probability-weighted expected future cash flows to be generated by the royalty stream. The fair value of the financial liability also considers the related contractual provisions that govern our payment obligations. Significant increases or decreases in projected cash flows of the royalty stream and the related contractual provisions that govern our payment obligations, discount rates or the time until payment is made would have resulted in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the licensing arrangements' financial asset and liability as of December 31, 2022. However, increases or decreases in the financial asset would be offset by increases or decreases in the financial liability, other than for timing of receipt and remittance; as such our earnings are not subject to material gains and losses from the licensing arrangement. 
 
 90 

million Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Projected Year of Payment 2023 - 2025 2024 Financial Liability million Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate - Projected Year of Payment 2023 - 2026 2024 
 (1) Unobservable inputs relate to a single financial asset and liability. As such, unobservable inputs were not weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. For projected year of payment, the amount represents the median of the inputs and is not a weighted average. 
 
 Changes in the fair value of our licensing arrangements' financial asset were as follows: (in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Proceeds from royalty rights ) Fair value adjustment (expense) benefit Balance as of December 31, 2021 Proceeds from royalty rights ) Fair value adjustment (expense) benefit Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Changes in the fair value of our licensing arrangements' financial liability were as follows: (in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Payments for royalty rights ) Fair value adjustment expense (benefit) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Payments for royalty rights ) Fair value adjustment expense (benefit) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 We hold certain assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in periods after initial recognition. The fair value of a measurement alternative investment is not estimated if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. Refer to Note B Acquisitions and Strategic Investments for a discussion of our strategic investments and Note C Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for a discussion of the fair values of our intangible assets including goodwill. 
 
 The fair value of our outstanding debt obligations was billion as of December 31, 2022 and billion as of December 31, 2021. We determined fair value by using quoted market prices for our publicly registered senior notes, classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy, and face value for commercial paper, term loans and credit facility borrowings outstanding. Refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments for a discussion of our debt obligations. 
 91 

billion as of December 31, 2022 and billion as of December 31, 2021, with current maturities of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The debt maturity schedule for our long-term debt obligations is presented below: 
 March 2024 Notes (4) 
 February 2019 March 2024 March 2025 Senior Notes (3) 
 March 2022 March 2025 May 2025 Senior Notes (4) 
 May 2015 May 2025 June 2025 Senior Notes May 2020 June 2025 March 2026 Senior Notes (4) 
 February 2019 March 2026 December 2027 Senior Notes (3) 
 November 2019 December 2027 March 2028 Senior Notes (3) 
 March 2022 March 2028 March 2028 Senior Notes (4) 
 February 2018 March 2028 March 2029 Senior Notes (4) 
 February 2019 March 2029 June 2030 Senior Notes May 2020 June 2030 March 2031 Senior Notes (3) 
 March 2022 March 2031 March 2034 Senior Notes (3) 
 March 2022 March 2034 November 2035 Senior Notes (2) 
 November 2005 November 2035 March 2039 Senior Notes (4) 
 February 2019 March 2039 January 2040 Senior Notes December 2009 January 2040 March 2049 Senior Notes (4) 
 February 2019 March 2049 Unamortized Debt Issuance Discount and Deferred Financing Costs 2023 - 2049 ) ) Unamortized Gain on Fair Value Hedges 2022 Finance Lease Obligation Various Long-term debt 
 Note: The table above does not include unamortized amounts related to interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 (1) Coupon rates are semi-annual, except for the euro-denominated notes, which bear an annual coupon. 
 (2) Corporate credit rating improvements may result in a decrease in the adjusted interest rate on our November 2035 Notes to the extent that our lowest credit rating is above BBB- or Baa3. The interest rates on our November 2035 Notes will be permanently reinstated to the issuance rate if the lowest credit ratings assigned to these senior notes is either A- or A3 or higher. Effective November 15, 2021, the interest rate payable decreased by 0.25 percent and began accruing at a rate of 6.75 percent following upgrades to our credit ratings. Effective May 2023, the interest rate payable will decrease by 0.25 percent and begin accruing at a rate of 6.50 percent following recent upgrades to our credit ratings. 
 (3) These notes are euro-denominated and presented in U.S. dollars based on the exchange rate in effect as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Amounts repaid, or partially repaid as the case may be, in connection with the March 2022 tender offer and early redemption of certain of our outstanding senior notes are described below. In addition, in the first quarter of 2022, we repaid million of May 2022 Senior Notes classified within Current Debt Obligations within our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 92 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On May 10, 2021, we entered into a new billion revolving credit facility (2021 Revolving Credit Facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous facility (2018 Revolving Credit Facility). The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will mature on May 10, 2026, with one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. This facility provides backing for our commercial paper program, and outstanding commercial paper directly reduces borrowing capacity under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. There were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financial Covenant 
 
 times times 
 (1) Ratio of total debt to deemed consolidated EBITDA, as defined by the credit agreements, as amended. 
 
 The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility includes the financial covenant requirement for all of our credit arrangements that we maintain the maximum permitted leverage ratio of times for the remaining term. The agreement provides for higher leverage ratios, at our election, for the period following a qualified acquisition, for which consideration exceeds billion. In the event of such an acquisition, for the four succeeding quarters immediately following, including the quarter in which the acquisition occurs, the maximum permitted leverage ratio is times. It steps down for the fifth, sixth and seventh succeeding quarters to times, times and times, respectively. Thereafter, a maximum leverage ratio of times is required through the remaining term of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. We have not elected to increase the maximum permitted leverage ratio for qualified acquisitions due to our funding of these acquisitions using cash on hand. 
 
 The financial covenant requirement provides for an exclusion from the calculation of consolidated EBITDA, as defined by the agreement, through maturity, of any non-cash charges and up to million in restructuring charges and restructuring-related expenses related to our current or future restructuring plans. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of the restructuring charge exclusion remaining. In addition, any cash litigation payments (net of any cash litigation receipts), as defined by the agreements, are excluded from the calculation of consolidated EBITDA, as defined by the agreements, provided that the sum of any excluded net cash litigation payments do not exceed billion in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of the litigation exclusion remaining. 
 
 Any inability to maintain compliance with this covenant could require us to seek to further renegotiate the terms of our credit arrangements or seek waivers from compliance with this covenant, both of which could result in additional borrowing costs. Further, there can be no assurance that our lenders would agree to such new terms or grant such waivers on terms acceptable to us. In this case, all 2021 Revolving Credit Facility commitments would terminate, and any amounts borrowed under the facility would become immediately due and payable. Furthermore, any termination of our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may negatively impact the credit ratings assigned to our commercial paper program, which may impact our ability to refinance any then outstanding commercial paper as it becomes due and payable . 
 
 93 

Senior Notes 
 
 We had senior notes outstanding of billion as of December 31, 2022 and billion as of December 31, 2021. Our senior notes were issued in public offerings, are redeemable prior to maturity and are not subject to sinking fund requirements. Our senior notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and rank on parity with each other. These notes are effectively junior to liabilities of our subsidiaries (see Other Arrangements below). 
 
 In March 2022, American Medical Systems Europe B.V. (AMS Europe), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Scientific, completed a registered public offering (the Offering) of billion in aggregate principal amount of euro-dominated senior notes comprised of billion of Senior Notes due 2025, million of Senior Notes due 2028, million of Senior Notes due 2031 and million of Senior Notes due 2034 (collectively, the Eurobonds). Boston Scientific has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of AMS Europe's obligations under the Eurobonds, and no other subsidiary of Boston Scientific will guarantee these obligations. AMS Europe is a finance subsidiary as defined in Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of Regulation S-X. The financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of AMS Europe are consolidated in the financial statements of Boston Scientific. The Offering resulted in cash proceeds of billion, net of investor discounts and issuance costs. 
 
 We used the net proceeds from the Offering to fund the tender offer and early redemption of combined aggregate principal amount of billion of certain of our outstanding senior notes, as well as to pay accrued interest, tender premiums, fees and expenses. We recorded associated debt extinguishment charges of million during the first quarter of 2022 presented in Interest expense within our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Other Arrangements 
 
 We have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain European countries and with commercial banks in China and Japan which include promissory notes discounting programs. We account for our factoring programs as sales under FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing . We have no retained interest in the transferred receivables, other than collection and administration, and once sold, the accounts receivable are no longer available to satisfy creditors in the event of bankruptcy. 
 
 Yen denominated Renminbi denominated 
 
 Other Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 We had outstanding letters of credit of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, which consisted primarily of bank guarantees and collateral for workers' compensation insurance arrangements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had not recognized a related liability for our outstanding letters of credit in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 94 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

year to approximately years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to years. If we are reasonably certain we will exercise an option to extend the lease, the time period covered by the extension option is included in the lease term. 
 
 We determine whether an arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present at the inception of the arrangement. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected lease term. The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As such, we utilize the appropriate incremental borrowing rate, which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term at an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. 
 
 Our operating lease right-of-use assets are presented within Other long-term assets and corresponding liabilities are presented within Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note E Contractual Obligations and Commitments for information regarding our finance leases. 
 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities in Other current liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities in Other long-term liabilities 

95 

years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Our operating lease cost under FASB ASC Topic 842 was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 96 

Allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 
 The following is a rollforward of our Allowance for credit losses : Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Beginning balance Cumulative effect adjustment for adoption of ASU 2016-13 n/a n/a Credit loss expense Write-offs ) ) ) Ending balance 

Work-in-process Raw materials 
 
 Approximately percent of our finished goods inventory as of December 31, 2022 and approximately percent as of December 31, 2021 was at customer locations pursuant to consignment arrangements or held by sales representatives. 
 
 Derivative assets Licensing arrangements Other 
 
 97 

Buildings and improvements Equipment, furniture and fixtures Capital in progress Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Derivative assets Investments Licensing arrangements Indemnification asset Other 
 
 Payroll and related liabilities Rebates Contingent consideration Other 
 
 98 

Licensing arrangements Taxes payable Other 
 
 Legal reserves Contingent consideration Licensing arrangements Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Other 
 ) ) Foreign ) 
 
 99 

) State ) Foreign Deferred Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) 
 
 ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Domestic taxes on foreign earnings Effect of foreign taxes ) ) ) Acquisition-related ) ) Research credit ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Goodwill impairment charges Compensation-related ) ) Non-deductible expenses Uncertain tax positions ) Intra-entity asset transfers Return to provision ) ) ) Change in tax rates ) Other, net 
 
 100 

Tax benefit of net operating losses and credits Reserves and accruals Restructuring-related charges Litigation and product liability reserves Investment write-down Compensation related Federal benefit of uncertain tax positions Intangible assets Capitalized R D Property, plant and equipment Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred Tax Liabilities: 
 Unrealized gains and losses on derivative financial instruments Other Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 Prepaid on intercompany profit Net Deferred Tax Assets and Prepaid on Intercompany Profit 
 
 Our deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities and prepaid on intercompany profit are included in the following locations within our accompanying consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 
 Location on Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, Component 2022 2021 Prepaid on intercompany profit Prepaid income taxes Non-current deferred tax asset Deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Assets and Prepaid on Intercompany Profit Non-current deferred tax liability Deferred tax liabilities Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets and Prepaid on Intercompany Profit 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, the tax effect of which was million. As of December 31, 2021, we had U.S. federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, the tax effect of which was million. In addition, we had foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, the tax effect of which was million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. These tax attributes expire periodically beginning in 2023. 
 
 After consideration of all positive and negative evidence, we believe that it is more likely than not that a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. As a result, we recorded a valuation allowance of billion as of December 31, 2022, and billion as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in the valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the release of valuation allowances on certain U.S. state net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards due to the repatriation of foreign earnings, offset by the concurrent build of the valuation allowance on 
 101 

million in 2022, a charge of million in 2021 and a benefit of million in 2020. 
 
 We obtain tax incentives through Free Trade Zone Regime offered in Costa Rica which allows 100 percent exemption from income tax in the first eight years of operations and 50 percent exemption in the following four years. This tax incentive resulted in income tax savings of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. The tax incentive for 100 percent exemption from income tax is expected to expire in 2027, with the 50 percent exemption to expire in 2031. The impact on Net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution was for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. We also benefit from tax incentives in Puerto Rico through a Grant of Industrial Tax Exemption (Grant) which applies a reduced tax rate to our taxable profits, resulting in income tax savings of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. This Grant expires in 2034, with an option to extend for an additional 15 years. The impact on Net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution was in each of the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, we benefit from tax incentives in Malaysia which allow a full tax exemption on manufacturing of specific medical device products, which will expire in 2029, with an option to renew for an additional five-year term. This incentive has resulted in income tax savings of million in 2022 and in 2021 and 2020. The impact on Net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution was in 2022 and de minimis in 2021 and 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which a net million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2021, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which a net million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2020, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which a net million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 
 Additions based on positions related to the current year Additions based on positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Statute of limitation expirations ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. We have concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters through 2016 and substantially all material state and local income tax matters through 2014. We have concluded substantially all foreign income tax matters through 2015. 
 
 In 2020, we received notification from the IRS regarding the examination of our 2014 through 2016 tax years stating that the Joint Committee on Taxation completed its review, and the IRS examination was resolved. Due to the resolution of these tax years, we recorded a net tax benefit of million to release the reserves related to these years. We received a refund of million from the IRS reflecting the net balance of amounts owed to us by the IRS after consideration of tax and interest due for these years. 
 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. We had million accrued for gross interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, million as of December 31, 2021, and 41 million as of December 31, 2020. Net tax expense related to interest and penalties was immaterial in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The increase in our net tax expense related to interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, is related to reaching settlements with taxing authorities. 
 
 It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will resolve multiple issues with foreign, federal and state taxing authorities, resulting in a reduction in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits of up to million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2017, we were required under the TCJA to calculate a one-time transition tax based on our total post-1986 foreign subsidiaries' earnings and profits (E P) that we previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. As a result of various audit activities, the revised amount of transition tax was approximately million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to million as of December 31, 2021. We anticipate offsetting this liability against existing tax attributes, reducing the required payment to approximately million, which will be remitted over an eight-year period. We have begun 
 102 

million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we have provided for U.S. state income taxes of million on all U.S. dollar-denominated E P accumulated through December 31, 2017, which constitutes the preponderance of our foreign subsidiaries' accumulated E P through December 31, 2017. We intend to indefinitely reinvest the unremitted foreign earnings of all other subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017, as well as all subsequent earnings generated by all of our foreign subsidiaries. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings and additional outside basis difference in these entities is not practicable. 

Our accrual for legal matters that are probable and estimable was million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021, and includes certain estimated costs of settlement, damages and defense primarily related to product liability cases or claims related to our transvaginal surgical mesh products. A portion of our legal accrual for transvaginal surgical mesh product claims is already funded through our qualified settlement fund (QSF), which is included in restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in Other current assets of million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note A Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 
 103 

million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, primarily related to ongoing litigation associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products principally in the U.S. and Australia, as well as costs associated with certain other legal matters. We increased the accrual associated with transvaginal mesh claims to account for changes in our estimates regarding settlement and litigation activity. The charges recorded in 2020 were also inclusive of a reserve related to claims made by a coalition of state attorneys general, which has since been settled. 
 
 We continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation and, therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our financial covenant. In management's opinion, we are not currently involved in any legal proceedings other than those specifically identified below, which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operations and/or cash flows. Unless included in our legal accrual or otherwise indicated below, a range of loss associated with any individual material legal proceeding cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 
 Patent Litigation 
 
 On October 28, 2015, the Company filed suit against Cook Group Limited and Cook Medical LLC (collectively, Cook) in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (1:15-cv-00980) alleging infringement of certain Company patents regarding Cook s Instinct Endoscopic Hemoclip. The Company seeks lost profits, a reasonable royalty and a permanent injunction. The case was transferred to the District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Cook filed Inter Partes Review (IPR) requests with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) against four then-asserted patents, which resulted in the court staying the case until 2020. All IPRs concluded and confirmed the validity of certain claims of each challenged patent. In February 2023, the District Court issued summary judgment rulings dismissing certain claims and defenses. Trial on the remaining two asserted patents is scheduled for May 2023. The Company has also asserted patents against Cook in Germany and the United Kingdom. Trials are scheduled in the United Kingdom in February 2023 and in Germany in April 2023. 
 
 On November 20, 2017, The Board of Regents, University of Texas System and TissueGen. Inc. (collectively, UT), served a lawsuit against us in the Western District of Texas. The complaint against the Company alleges patent infringement of two U.S. patents owned by UT, relating to Drug Releasing Biodegradable Fiber Implant and Drug Releasing Biodegradable Fiber for Delivery of Therapeutics, and affects the manufacture, use and sale of our Synergy Stent System. UT primarily seeks a reasonable royalty. On March 12, 2018, the District Court for the Western District of Texas dismissed the action and transferred it to the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. On September 5, 2019, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the District Court for the Western District of Texas. In April 2020, the United States Supreme Court denied the UT s Petition for Certiorari. UT proceeded with its case against us in Delaware. In January 2023, a jury trial was held on the issue of whether the one UT patent still asserted in the case was valid and whether it was infringed by the Company. On January 31, 2023, a jury concluded that UT s patent was valid and willfully infringed by the Company, and awarded UT million in damages. The Company intends to appeal the jury's verdict. 
 
 Product Liability Litigation 
 
 Multiple product liability cases or claims related to transvaginal surgical mesh products designed to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse have been asserted against us, predominantly in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Scotland, Ireland, and Australia. Plaintiffs generally seek monetary damages based on allegations of personal injury associated with the use of our transvaginal surgical mesh products, including design and manufacturing claims, failure to warn, breach of warranty, fraud, violations of state consumer protection laws and loss of consortium claims. We have entered into individual and master settlement agreements in principle or are in the final stages of entering agreements with certain plaintiffs' counsel, to resolve the majority of these cases and claims. All settlement agreements were entered into solely by way of compromise and without any admission or concession by us of any liability or wrongdoing. In addition, in April 2021 the Company's Board of Directors received a shareholder demand under section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, for inspection of books and records related to mesh settlements. The Company has notified our insurer and retained counsel to respond to the demand. 
 
 We have established a product liability accrual for remaining claims asserted against us associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products and the costs of defense thereof. While our U.S. case count has remained materially the same over the past three years, we have increased our reserve to account for changes in our estimates regarding settlement and litigation activity. We continue to engage in discussions with plaintiffs counsel regarding potential resolution of pending cases and claims. We continue to vigorously contest these cases and claims and expect that more cases will go to trial in the coming years than have gone to trial in the past several years. The final resolution of the cases and claims is uncertain and could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Trials involving our transvaginal surgical mesh 
 104 

individuals for alleged anti-competitive behavior. Under applicable guidance, BSB could be fined a percentage of BSB s 2016 gross revenues. In August 2021, the investigating commissioner issued a preliminary recommendation of liability against all of the involved companies, and also recommended that CADE impose fines and penalties. However, on October 25, 2021, the CADE Attorney General's office recommended dismissal of the charges and allegations against BSB and the individual BSB employees who were still individual defendants. Subsequently, on March 30, 2022, the Federal Prosecutor s office issued a non-binding recommendation that is contrary to the Attorney General s recommendation. The full Commission is considering both of these recommendations but has not yet issued its decision. We continue to deny the allegations, intend to defend ourselves vigorously and will appeal any decision of liability by the full Commission to the Brazilian courts. During such an appeal, the decision would have no force and effect, and the Court would consider the case without being bound by CADE s decision. 
 
 In March 2022, the Company received a whistleblower letter alleging Foreign Corrupt Practices Act violations in Vietnam. The Company has received related subpoenas for documents from the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is cooperating with government agencies while investigating these allegations. 
 
 Other Proceedings 
 
 On December 4, 2020, Enrique Jevons, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a class action complaint against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney and Daniel J. Brennan, stemming from the recall and retirement of the LOTUS Edge Aortic Valve System (LOTUS System) in United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. On December 14, 2020, the parties agreed to transfer the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. On December 16, 2020, Mariano Errichiello, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a second, materially similar class action complaint against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney, Joseph M. Fitzgerald, and Daniel J. Brennan in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Subsequently, on March 30, 2021, the Court consolidated the two actions, and appointed Mariano Errichiello as the lead plaintiff. Under the terms of the Court-approved Scheduling Order, Counsel for Mr. Errichiello was required to file an Amended Complaint on or before June 4, 2021, which they did. The Amended Complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages in favor of the alleged class as well as unspecified equitable relief. In response, the Company brought a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint which it filed on July 19, 2021. On December 20, 2022, the Court granted in part and denied in part the Company s motion to dismiss. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the surviving allegations. On December 15, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission s Boston Regional Office (Boston SEC) notified the Company that it was conducting an investigation related to the Company s decision to retire the LOTUS System and issued a voluntary request for documents and information related to that decision. On February 10, 2021, the Boston SEC issued a second voluntary request for additional documents and information. The Company cooperated fully with the requests, and on January 3, 2022, the SEC informed us that it was concluding its investigation and that it did not intend to recommend an enforcement action. On February 8, 2021, the Company received a letter from The Vladimir Gusinsky Revocable Trust, a shareholder, demanding that the Company s Board of Directors conduct an investigation into actions by the Company s directors and executive officers regarding statements made about the effectiveness and commercial viability of the LOTUS System. The Trust subsequently agreed to stay its demand, pending the outcome of any dispositive motion against the Amended Complaint in the class action complaint described above. The Company received letters on behalf of the Union Excavators Local 731 Pension Fund and Diane Nachbaur, two stockholders of the Company, on July 26, 2021, and July 29, 2021, respectively, each demanding access to certain books and records of the Company, pursuant to 8 Delaware Section 220, regarding the business, operations, effectiveness and commercial viability of the LOTUS system, and related items. 
 
 105 

million to resolve all pending litigation between the parties, including this matter and the 18-cv-664 and 21-cv-258 matters described below. 
 
 On April 21, 2018, the Company and Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Corporation filed a patent infringement, theft of trade secrets and tortious interference with a contract action against Nevro in United States District Court for the District of Delaware (18-cv-664), and amended the complaint on July 18, 2018, alleging that nine U.S. patents owned by Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Corporation were infringed by Nevro s Senza I and Senza II SCS Systems. On December 9, 2019, Nevro filed an answer and counterclaims, in which it alleged that our SCS systems infringed five Nevro patents. Nevro sought lost profits, a reasonable royalty and a permanent injunction. On July 29, 2022, the parties agreed to a confidential settlement, described above. 
 
 On February 23, 2021, Nevro filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (21-cv-258). The complaint alleged infringement of five Nevro patents by certain of the Company s spinal cord stimulation systems. Nevro sought lost profits, a reasonable royalty and a permanent injunction. On July 29, 2022, the parties agreed to a confidential settlement, described above. 

106 

million shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, option or other rights thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption terms, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. 
 
 On May 27, 2020, we completed an offering of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (MCPS), Series A at a price to the public and liquidation preference of per share. The net proceeds from the MCPS offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022, our MCPS had an aggregate liquidation preference of billion. 
 
 Holders of MCPS will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of of the liquidation preference of per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the MCPS will continue to accumulate as described in the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions, no dividend or distribution will be declared or paid on shares of our common stock, and no common stock will be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us or any of our subsidiaries unless, in each case, all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid, or a sufficient amount of cash or number of shares of common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of MCPS. In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, no distribution of our assets may be made to holders of our common stock until we have paid holders of our MCPS, each of which will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference in the amount of per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends. 
 
 Unless earlier converted, each share of MCPS will automatically convert on June 1, 2023, subject to postponement for certain market disruption events, into between and shares of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be determined based on the average volume-weighted average price per share of common stock over the 20 consecutive trading day period beginning on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately preceding June 1, 2023. 
 
 The MCPS is not subject to any redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. However, at our option, we may purchase or exchange the MCPS from time to time in the open market, by tender or exchange offer or otherwise, without the consent of, or notice to, holders of MCPS. The holders of the MCPS will not have any voting rights, with limited exceptions. 
 
 During 2022, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Committee), pursuant to authority delegated to such committee by our Board of Directors, declared and we paid quarterly cash dividends of million, or per MCPS share to holders, representing dividend periods through November 2022. On January 30, 2023, the Committee declared a cash dividend of per MCPS share to holders of our MCPS as of February 15, 2023, representing a dividend period from December 2022 through February 2023. We have presented cumulative, unpaid dividends within Accrued expenses within our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue billion shares of common stock, par value per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by our Board of Directors, and to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of liquidation. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. The holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. The holders of a majority of the shares of common stock can elect all of the directors and can control our management and affairs. Holders of common stock are junior to holders of MCPS in terms of liquidation preference. 
 
 On May 27, 2020, we completed an offering of shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. The net proceeds from the common stock offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the May 27, 2020 MCPS and 
 107 

million shares of our common stock pursuant to our 2013 share repurchase program for a total of approximately million in cash, which represented the full amount remaining under the existing authorization. 
 
 On December 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to billion of our common stock. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during 2022 and had the full amount available under the authorization as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 There were approximately million shares in treasury as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million shares of our common stock. The Amended and Restated 2011 LTIP covers officers, directors, employees and consultants and provides for the grant of restricted or unrestricted common stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), options to acquire our common stock, stock appreciation rights, performance awards (market-based and performance-based RSUs) and other stock and non-stock awards. Shares reserved under our current and former stock incentive plans totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors, consisting of independent, non-employee directors may authorize the issuance of common stock and cash awards under the Amended and Restated 2011 LTIP in recognition of the achievement of long-term performance objectives established by the Committee. 
 
 Non-qualified options issued to employees are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of our stock on the grant date, vest over a four-year service period and have a ten-year contractual life. In the case of qualified options, if the recipient owns more than percent of the voting power of all classes of stock, the option granted will be at an exercise price of percent of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant and will expire over a period not to exceed five years. Non-vested stock awards, including restricted stock awards (RSAs), RSUs and deferred stock units (DSUs) issued to employees are generally granted with an exercise price of and typically vest in four or five equal annual installments. These awards represent our commitment to issue shares to recipients after the vesting period. Upon each vesting date, such awards are no longer subject to risk of forfeiture and we issue shares of our common stock to the recipient. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Net impact per common share - basic Net impact per common share - assuming dilution 

108 

Weighted-average exercise price Weighted-average grant-date fair value Black-Scholes Assumptions Expected volatility Expected term (in years, weighted) 
 Risk-free interest rate - - - 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 
 We use our historical volatility and implied volatility as a basis to estimate expected volatility in our valuation of stock options. 
 
 Expected Term 
 
 We estimate the expected term of options using historical exercise and forfeiture data. We believe that this historical data provides the best estimate of the expected term of new option grants. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 We use yield rates on U.S. Treasury securities for a period approximating the expected term of the award to estimate the risk-free interest rate in our grant-date fair value assessment. 
 
 Expected Dividend Yield 
 
 We have not historically paid cash dividends on our common stock and currently we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we have assumed an expected dividend yield of zero in our grant-date fair value assessment. 
 
 109 

Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Total vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Non-Vested Stock 
 
 We value RSAs, RSUs and DSUs based on the closing trading value of our shares on the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) The number of shares vested includes shares withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy statutory tax withholding requirements. 
 
 The total vesting date fair value of shares that vested was approximately million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 110 

to percent of the target number awarded to the participant as determined by achievement of the performance criteria of the program. In addition, in general, award recipients must remain employed by us throughout the three-year performance period to attain the full amount of the market-based RSU's and DSUs that satisfied the market performance criteria. 
 
 million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. We determined these fair values based on Monte Carlo simulations as of the date of grant, utilizing the following assumptions: 
 2022 2021 2020 Awards Awards Awards Stock price on date of grant Measurement period (in years) 
 Risk-free rate 
 We recognize the expense on these awards in our consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the three-year measurement period. 
 
 Free Cash Flow Performance-based RSU and DSU Awards 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, we granted free-cash flow performance-based RSU awards, and in 2020, we granted free-cash flow performance-based DSU awards to certain members of our senior management team. The attainment of these performance-based RSUs and DSUs is based on our adjusted free cash flow (AFCF) measured against our goal set by the Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committees of our Board of Directors, based on our internal annual financial plan performance for AFCF. AFCF is measured over a one-year performance period beginning January 1st of each year and ending December 31st. The number of RSUs and DSUs ultimately granted under this program range from to percent of the target number of performance-based RSUs and DSUs awarded to the participant as determined by achievement of the performance criteria of the program. In addition, in general, award recipients must remain employed by us throughout a three-year service period (inclusive of the one-year performance period) to attain the full amount of the performance-based RSUs and DSUs that satisfied the performance criteria. 
 
 Achievement of target payout Year-end stock price used in determining fair value 
 
 We recognize the expense on these awards in our consolidated statements of operations over the vesting period which is three years after the date of grant. 
 
 Expense Attribution 
 
 We recognize compensation expense for our stock incentive plan using a straight-line method over the substantive vesting period. Most of our stock awards provide for immediate vesting upon death or disability of the participant. In addition, our stock grants to employees provide for accelerated vesting of our stock-based awards, other than performance-based and market-based awards, upon retirement, if the stock award has been held for at least one year by the recipient. In accordance with the terms of our stock grants, for employees who will become retirement eligible prior to the vest date we expense stock-based awards, other than performance-based and market-based awards, over the greater of one year or the period between grant date and retirement-eligibility. The performance-based and market-based awards discussed above do not contain provisions that would accelerate the full vesting of the awards upon retirement-eligibility. 
 111 

percent to all unvested stock-based awards as of December 31, 2022, which represents the portion that we expect will be forfeited each year over the vesting period. We re-evaluate this analysis annually or more frequently if there are significant changes in circumstances and adjust the forfeiture rate as necessary. Ultimately, we will only recognize expense for those shares that vest. 
 
 Unrecognized Compensation Cost 
 
 Non-vested stock awards 
 (1) Amounts presented represent compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In May 2022, our stockholders approved an additional million shares that may be issued under our global employee stock purchase plan. Our global employee stock purchase plan now provides for the granting of options to purchase up to million shares of our common stock to all eligible employees. Under the global employee stock purchase plan, we grant each eligible employee, at the beginning of each six-month offering period, an option to purchase shares of our common stock equal to not more than percent of the employee s eligible compensation or the statutory limit under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Such options may be exercised only to the extent of accumulated payroll deductions at the end of the offering period, at a purchase price equal to percent of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning or end of each offering period, whichever is less. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million shares available for future issuance under the employee stock purchase plan. We temporarily suspended our global employee stock purchase plan for the offering period for the second half of 2020 due to cost-savings initiatives in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and resumed the plan beginning with the offering period for the first half of 2021. 
 
 Range of purchase prices - - Expense recognized (in millions) 

We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan. We recognize expense related to shares purchased through the employee stock purchase plan ratably over the offering period. 

112 

Net effect of common stock equivalents Weighted average shares outstanding - assuming dilution 
 
 Stock options outstanding (2) 
 MCPS (3) 
 
 (1) Represents common stock equivalents pursuant to our employee stock-based compensation plans, which are anti-dilutive in 2020 due to our Net loss position in this period. 
 (2) Represents stock options outstanding pursuant to our employee stock-based compensation plans with exercise prices that were greater than the average fair market value of our common stock for the related periods. 
 (3) Represents common stock issuable upon the conversion of MCPS. Refer to Note J Stockholders' Equity for additional information. 
 
 We base Net income (loss) per common share - assuming dilution upon the weighted-average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding during each year. Potential common stock equivalents are determined using the treasury stock method. We exclude stock options, stock awards and MCPS from the calculation if the effect would be anti-dilutive. The dilutive effect of MCPS is calculated using the if-converted method. The if-converted method assumes that these securities were converted to shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period to the extent that the effect is dilutive. 

reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular, each of which generates revenues from the sale of medical devices. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting, we identified our reportable segments based on the nature of our products, production processes, type of customer, selling and distribution methods and regulatory environment, as well as the economic characteristics of each of our operating segments. 
 
 We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on their respective net sales, operating income, excluding intersegment profits, and operating income as a percentage of net sales, all excluding the impact of foreign currency. We exclude from operating income of reportable segments certain corporate-related expenses and certain transactions or adjustments that our chief operating decision maker (CODM) considers to be non-operational, such as amounts related to amortization expense, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits) and EU Medical Device Regulation (MDR) implementation costs. Although we exclude these amounts from operating income of reportable segments, they are included in reported Income (loss) before income taxes within our consolidated statements of operations and are included in the reconciliation below. Refer to Note N Revenue for net sales by reportable segment presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 113 

Cardiovascular Total net sales of reportable segments Other (1) 
 ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) ) 
 
 Cardiovascular Total operating income of reportable segments Unallocated amounts: Corporate expenses, including hedging activities and impact of foreign currency fluctuations on operating income of reportable segments ) ) ) Intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits) and EU MDR implementation costs 
 ) ) ) Amortization expense ) ) ) Other (1) 
 ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 (1) In 2022, amounts reflect sales reserves established for Italian government payback provisions, which are being disputed in the Italian court system. These amounts were not allocated to our reportable segments or considered by our CODM for resource allocation and decision-making purposes. In 2021 and 2020, amounts relate to our Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. On March 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. Prior to the divestiture, we presented the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments. 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Depreciation expense 2022 2021 2020 MedSurg Cardiovascular Total depreciation expense of reportable segments Other (1) 
 Consolidated depreciation expense 
 
 114 

Cardiovascular Total assets of reportable segments Goodwill Other intangible assets, net All other corporate assets 
 
 Ireland Costa Rica Other countries Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets in Other long-term assets 
 
 115 

Urology Neuromodulation MedSurg Interventional Cardiology Therapies Watchman Cardiac Rhythm Management Electrophysiology Cardiology Peripheral Interventions Cardiovascular Other 1 
 ) Total Net Sales 
 (1) In 2022, amounts reflect sales reserves established for Italian government payback provisions, which are being disputed in the Italian court system. These amounts were not allocated to our reportable segments or considered by our CODM for resource allocation and decision-making purposes. In 2021 and 2020, amounts relate to our Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. On March 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business. Prior to the divestiture, we presented the Specialty Pharmaceuticals business as a standalone operating segment alongside our reportable segments. Specialty Pharmaceuticals net sales were substantially U.S. based. 
 
 Refer to Note M Segment Reporting for information on our reportable segments. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Geographic Regions 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia-Pacific Latin America and Canada Other 1 
 ) Total Net Sales Emerging Markets (2) 
 
 (2) We define Emerging Markets as the countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors and our global capabilities. Periodically, we assess our list of Emerging Markets countries, which currently include the following countries: Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, T rkiye and Vietnam. We have revised prior period amounts to conform to the current year's presentation. 
 
 Contract liabilities are classified within Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities within our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Our deferred revenue balance was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. Our contractual liabilities are primarily composed of deferred revenue related to the LATITUDE Patient Management System within our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) business, for which revenue is recognized over the 
 116 

million in 2022 that was included in the above contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021. We have elected not to disclose the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations when the original expected contract duration is one year or less. In addition, we have not identified material unfulfilled performance obligations for which revenue is not currently deferred. 
 
 We capitalize sales force commissions related to contracts with customers when the associated revenue is expected to be earned over a period that exceeds one year. Deferred commissions are primarily related to the sale of devices enabled with our LATITUDE Patient Management System. We have elected to expense commission costs when incurred for contracts with an expected duration of one year or less. Capitalized commission fees are amortized over the period the associated products or services are transferred. Similarly, we capitalize certain recoverable costs related to the delivery of the LATITUDE Remote Monitoring Service. These fulfillment costs are amortized over the average service period. 
 
 In 2020, we recorded million in revenue reserves primarily related to our conversion to a consignment commercial model for our LAAC franchise with the launch of our next-generation WATCHMAN FLX Device in the U.S. In connection with the conversion, we repurchased customer-owned inventory and subsequently recognized revenue for consigned units as they were consumed. 
 
 Refer to Note A Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on our accounting policies relating to revenue recognition. 

) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) (Income) loss amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 (in millions) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Net Change in Derivative Financial Instruments Net Change in Defined Benefit Pensions and Other Items Total Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (Income) loss amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 Refer to Note D Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements for further detail on our net investment hedges recorded in Foreign currency translation adjustments and our cash flow hedges recorded in Net change in derivative financial instruments . 

117 

Standards to be Implemented 

118 

No other new accounting pronouncements, issued or effective in the period had or are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

119 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the funded status of our plans were unfunded or underfunded in aggregate. 
 Other International Retirement Plans 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 in millions) 
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) Fair value of Plan Assets Unfunded/Underfunded PBO Recognized Domestic Retirement Plans U.K. Plan Other International Retirement Plans 
 
 Acquired plans Service costs Interest costs Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Plan curtailments/settlements ) Plan amendments and assumption changes ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) ) Ending obligation 
 
 n/a Other International Retirement Plans 
 (1) Rates of compensation increase were not weighted by relative fair value. As such, the amount represents the median of the inputs and is not a weighted average. 
 
 120 

n/a U.K. Plan n/a Other International Retirement Plans 
 (1) Rates of compensation increase were not weighted by relative fair value. As such, the amount represents the median of the inputs and is not a weighted average. 
 
 Acquired plans Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Plan curtailments/settlements ) Actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) ) Ending fair value 
 
 For our defined benefit plans, excluding our U.K. Plan, we base our discount rate on the rates of return available on high-quality bonds with maturities approximating the expected period over which benefits will be paid. The rate of compensation increase is based on historical and expected rate increases. We base our rate of expected return on plan assets on historical experience, our investment guidelines and expectations for long-term rates of return. Our assets are invested in a variety of securities, primarily equity securities and government bonds. These securities are considered Level 1 and Level 2 investments. 
 
 Total assets 
 
 121 

Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Plan curtailments/settlements ) Actuarial gain (loss) ) Benefits paid ) Impact of foreign currency fluctuations ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Expected benefit payments are estimated based on the same assumptions used in determining our benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022. Actual benefit payments will depend on future employment and compensation, average years employed and average life spans, in addition to other factors. Changes in any of these factors could significantly impact these estimated future benefit payments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 122 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and ensure that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s annual report on our internal control over financial reporting is contained in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The report of Ernst Young LLP on our internal control over financial reporting is contained in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 During 2022, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will replace our existing system. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. As the phased implementation occurs, it may result in changes to our processes and procedures which may result in changes to our internal controls over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether they materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 2023 Restructuring Plan 
 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 Restructuring Plan). The 2023 Restructuring Plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. 
 
 The 2023 Restructuring Plan will further build on our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. These activities are expected to be initiated in the first quarter of 2023, and substantially completed by the end of 2025. 
 
 While we expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the 2023 Restructuring Plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth and resources are deployed to support an expanding portfolio and growing global market needs. 
 
 123 

The implementation of the 2023 Restructuring Plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately 450 million to 550 million, of which approximately 350 million to 450 million is expected to result in future cash outlays. The following table provides a summary of our estimates of total pre-tax charges associated with the 2023 Restructuring Plan by major type of cost: 
 
 Type of Cost (in millions) 
 Total Estimated Amount Expected to be Incurred Restructuring charges: Termination benefits (1) 
 60 - 80 Other (2) 
 40 - 60 Restructuring-related expenses: Transfer costs 250 280 Other (3) 
 100 - 130 450 - 550 
 (1) Plans detailing specific employee impacts will be developed for each affected region and business, working with employee representative bodies where required under local laws. 
 (2) Consists primarily of consulting fees and costs associated with contractual cancellations. 
 (3) Comprised of other costs directly related to the restructuring program, including program management, accelerated depreciation, fixed asset write-offs, and costs to transfer product lines among facilities. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 124 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, New York, NY, (PCAOB ID ). 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 125 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Item 8. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 (Schedule II) follows the signature page to this report. All other financial statement schedules are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits documents filed or furnished with this report, # compensatory plans or arrangements) 
 EXHIBIT NO. TITLE 
 3.1 Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed February 28, 2008, File No. 1-11083). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of 5.50 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 26, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate for shares of the Company's Common Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1. File No. 33-46980). 4.2 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 23, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of June 25, 2004, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2004, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.4 Indenture dated as of November 18, 2004, between the Company and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2004, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 21, 2006 between the Company and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2006, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 26, 2006 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2006, File No. 1-11083). 
 
 126 

4.7 Form of Global Security for the 6.25 Notes due 2035 in the aggregate principal amount of 350,000,000, and Notice to Holders thereof (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 99.7 to the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2005 and April 26, 2006, respectively, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.8 Indenture dated as of June 1, 2006, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2006, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.9 7.375 Senior Note due January 15, 2040 in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2009, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.10 Indenture dated as of May 29, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Com p a ny's Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No 333-188918. 
 4.11 Form of 4.000 Senior Note Due March 1, 2028 in the aggregate amount of 500,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2018, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.12 Form of 3.450 Senior Note due March 1, 2024 in the aggregate amount of 850,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.13 Form of 3.750 Senior Note due March 1, 2026 in the aggregate amount of 850,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.14 Form of 4.000 Senior Note due March 1, 2029 in the aggregate amount of 850,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.15 Form of 4.550 Senior Note due March 1, 2039 in the aggregate amount of 750,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.16 Form of 4.700 Senior Note Due March 1, 2049 in the aggregate amount of 100,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.17 Form of 0.625 Senior Note Due December 1, 2027 in the aggregate amount of 900,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.18 Form of 1.900 Senior Note Due June 1, 2025 in the aggregate amount of 500,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.19 Form of 2.650 Senior Note due June 1, 2030 in the aggregate amount of 1,200,000,000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.20 Indenture dated as of March 8, 2022, among the Company, American Medical Systems Europe B.V., and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 
 127 

4.21 Form of 0.750 Senior Note due March 8, 2025 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.22 Form of 1.375 Senior Note due March 8, 2028 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.23 Form of 1.625 Senior Note due March 8, 2031 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 4.24 Form of 1.875 Senior Note due March 8, 2034 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.1 Form of Omnibus Amendment dated as of December 21, 2006, among the Company, Boston Scientific Funding Corporation, Variable Funding Capital Company LLC, Victory Receivables Corporation and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Sale Agreement and Amendment No. 9 to Credit and Security Agreement) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 filed on March 1, 2007, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.2 Form of Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of November 7, 2007 between the Company and each of its Direct or Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries that Hereafter Becomes a Seller Hereunder, as the Sellers, and Boston Scientific Funding LLC, as the Buyer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2007, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.3 License Agreement among Angiotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cook Incorporated and the Company dated July 9, 1997, and related Agreement dated December 13, 1999 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, filed on March 31, 2003, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.4 Amendment between Angiotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company dated November 23, 2004 modifying July 9, 1997 License Agreement among Angiotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cook Incorporated and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2004, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.5 Transaction Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2006, as amended, between the Company and Abbott Laboratories (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 , Exhibit 10.48 , Exhibit 10.49 and Exhibit 10.50 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2005, filed on March 1, 2006, and Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2006, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.6 Settlement Agreement among Johnson Johnson, Guidant LLC and the Company, dated as of February 13, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2015, filed on May 6, 2015, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) under the Company's 2000 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2004, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, as filed August 7, 2012. File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.9 Form of Boston Scientific Corporation Excess Benefit Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.4 to the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2005 and December 22, 2008, respectively, File No. 1-11083).# 
 
 128 

10.10 Form of Trust under the Boston Scientific Corporation Excess Benefit Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2005, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.11 Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Bonus Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2010, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.12 Boston Scientific Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Amended and Restated, effective January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2010, as filed February 17, 2011, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.13 Form of First Amendment to Boston Scientific Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on February 17, 2012, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.14 Form of Second Amendment to Boston Scientific Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, as amended and restated, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 7, 2012, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.15 Form of Third Amendment to Boston Scientific Corporation 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, filed on November 6, 2012, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.16 Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on February 17, 2012, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) under the Company's 2003 and 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plans (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, filed on August 5, 2011, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.18 Form of Offer Letter dated September 6, 2011 between the Company and Michael F. Mahoney, as supplemented September 13, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2011, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.19 Form of Amendment, dated February 14, 2012, to Offer Letter dated September 6, 2011 between the Company and Michael F. Mahoney, as supplemented September 13, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.100 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed on February 17, 2012, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.20 Form of Offer Letter by and between the Company and Joseph M. Fitzgerald dated February 27, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2015, filed on May 6, 2015, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.21 Boston Scientific Deferred Compensation Option Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on August 27, 2002, File No. 333-98755).# 
 10.22 Boston Scientific Corporation Domestic Relocation Policy Tier 5 Executive Officer Homeowner, effective January 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.118 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 22, 2013, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.23 Form of Letter to Key Management Personnel re: Change in Control Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2013, File No. 1-11083). 
 
 129 

10.24 Form of Offer Letter by and between the Company and Daniel J. Brennan, dated October 22, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed October 24, 2013 File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.25 Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed on August 7, 2013, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.26 Boston Scientific Corporation U.S. Severance Plan for Exempt Employees, as amended and restated, effective August 1, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed on August 7, 2013, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.27 Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2008, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.28 Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, filed on November 5, 2013, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.29 Boston Scientific Corporation 2006 Global Employee Stock Ownership Plan, as amended and restated, effective July 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, filed on August 6, 2014, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.30 Boston Scientific Corporation Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective August 1, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2016, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.31 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on November 5, 2014, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.32 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on November 5, 2014, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.33 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on November 5, 2014, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.34 First Amendment to Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Bonus Plan, effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, filed on November 5, 2014, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.35 Form of 2016 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed on May 4, 2016, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.36 Form of 2017 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed on May 3, 2017, File No. 1-11083).# 
 
 130 

10.37 Second Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2017, by and among Boston Scientific Funding LLC, Boston Scientific Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, New York Branch, as Lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as Co-Agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2017, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.38 Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2017, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, each of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries that become a seller thereunder and Boston Scientific Funding LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2017, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.39 Form of 2018 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, as filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.40 Form of 2018 Global Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.41 Form of 2018 Acquisition-Related Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.42 Form of 2018 Acquisition-Related Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.43 Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.44 Form of 2018 Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.45 Form of 2018 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan# (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 1, 2018, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.46 Form of 2019 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 29, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.47 Form of 2019 Global Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 29, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.48 Form of 2019 Global Acquisition-Related Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 9, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.49 Form of 2019 Global Acquisition-Related Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 29, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 
 131 

10.50 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 29, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.51 Form of 2019 Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed on April 29, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.52 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 21, 2019, as supplemented by the Terms Agreement, dated February 21, 2019, among the Company and Barclays Capital Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2019, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.53 Boston Scientific Corporation 2020 Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1, 2020 - December 31, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019 File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.54 Boston Scientific Corporation 2020 Free Cash Flow Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1 - December 31, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.55 Form of 2020 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.56 Form of 2020 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.57 Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.58 Form of 2020 Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company's 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.59 Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2020, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.60 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, as supplemented by the Terms Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, among Boston Scientific Corporation and Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.61 Underwriting Agreement relating to the Common Stock, dated as of May 21, 2020, among Boston Scientific Corporation and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities Inc., as representatives of the underwriters. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.62 Underwriting Agreement relating to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of May 21, 2020, among Boston Scientific Corporation and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BofA Securities Inc., as representatives of the underwriters. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2020, File No. 1-11083). 
 10.63 Boston Scientific Corporation 2021 Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1, 2021 - December 31, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2020, File No. 1-11083).# 
 
 132 

10.64 Boston Scientific Corporation 2021 Free Cash Flow Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1 - December 31, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2020, File No. 1-11083).# 
 10.65 Form of 2021 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.66 Form of 2021 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.67 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Total Shareholder Return). # 
 10.68 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow). # 
 10.69 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.70 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.71 Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, the several lenders parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021, File No. 1-11083) 
 10.72 Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2022, to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among Boston Scientific Corporation, the several lenders parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 10.73 Boston Scientific Corporation 2022 Annual Bonus Plan, Performance Period January 1 - December 31, 2022 effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2021, File No. 001-11083).# 
 10.74 Boston Scientific Corporation 2022 Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2021, File No. 001-11083).# 
 10.75 Boston Scientific Corporation 2022 Free Cash Flow Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1 - December 31, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2021, File No. 001-11083).# 
 10.76 Form of 2022 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.77 Form of 2022 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.78 Form of 2022 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Total Shareholder Return). # 
 
 133 

10.79 Form of 2022 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow). # 
 10.80 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.81 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. # 
 10.82 Form of EC Non-CEO Change in Control Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2022, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.83 Form of Offer Letter by and between the Company and Arthur Butcher, dated April 1, 2022. # 
 10.84 Form of Offer Letter by and between the Company and Jeffrey Mirviss, dated December 11, 2012. # 
 10.85 Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2023. # 
 10.86 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2022, File No.1-11083). # 
 10.87 Boston Scientific Corporation 2023 Annual Bonus Plan, Performance Period January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.88 Boston Scientific Corporation 2023 Relative Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1, 2023 December 31, 2025 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022, File No. 1-11083). # 
 10.89 Boston Scientific Corporation 2023 Organic Net Sales Growth Performance Share Program, Performance Period January 1 December 31, 2023, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022, File No. 1-11083)). # 
 21 List of Boston Scientific's subsidiaries as of January 31, 202 3 . 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Ernst Young LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 134 

101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 135 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 Boston Scientific Corporation By: /s/ Daniel J. Brennan Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel J. Brennan Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney Director, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan R. Monson Jonathan R. Monson Senior Vice President, Global Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Nelda J. Connors Nelda J. Connors Director 
 136 

Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Charles J. Dockendorff Charles J. Dockendorff Director 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Yoshiaki Fujimori Yoshiaki Fujimori Director 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Donna A. James Donna A. James Director 
 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Edward J. Ludwig Edward J. Ludwig Director 
 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ David J. Roux David J. Roux Director 
 137 

Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ John E. Sununu John E. Sununu Director 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ David S. Wichmann David S. Wichmann Director 
 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Ellen M. Zane Ellen M. Zane Director 
 138 

Schedule II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 n/a ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: Allowances for credit losses n/a ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Allowances for uncollectible accounts 10 ) 
 (1) Following the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 326 as of January 1, 2020, we record credit loss reserves to Allowance for credit losses when we establish Trade accounts receivable if credit losses are expected over the asset's contractual life. Subsequent credit loss reserves are recorded when deemed uncollectible. Amounts shown within credit loss exposure above were established through selling, general and administrative expense. 
 (2) Represents actual write-offs of uncollectible accounts. 

139 

<EX-10.55>
 2
 ex1055-2020grantxnqagreeme.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 
 Exhibit 10.55 

 Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Optionee 

EMPLOYEE COPY 
 PLEASE RETAIN FOR YOUR RECORDS 

Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 This Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement ), dated OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the Non-Qualified Stock Option Award granted to you by the Company. This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions relating to your Stock Option pursuant to the Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Stock Option . The Committee hereby grants you a Stock Option to purchase that number of shares of Stock set forth on herein (the Option Shares at the price set forth herein (the Grant Price ). The Grant Price is equal to the Fair Market Value of the Company s Stock on the Grant Date. 
 
 2. Term and Vesting of Stock Option . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 below, your Stock Option shall have a term of ten (10) years from OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - until EXPIRE_DATE_PERIOD1, Month DD, YYYY - (the Expiration Date and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule. If the Expiration Date falls on a date on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed for trading, the Expiration Date shall be the trading day immediately prior to the Expiration Date. 
 
 3. Exercise of Stock Option . While this Stock Option remains exercisable, you may exercise any vested portion of the Option Shares by delivering to the Company or its designee, in the form and at the location specified by the Company, notice stating your intent to exercise a specified number of Option Shares and payment of the full Grant Price for the specified number of Option Shares. Payment in full for the Option Shares being exercised may be paid in such manner as the Committee may specify from time to time, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to the following (a) in cash, (b) by certified check or bank draft payable in U.S. dollars (US to the order of the Company, (c) in whole or in part in shares of Stock owned by you, valued at Fair Market Value, or (d) if available to you, via cashless exercise, by which you deliver to your securities broker instructions to sell a sufficient number of shares of Stock to cover the Grant Price for the Option Shares, any applicable tax obligations and the brokerage fees and expenses associated therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you reside in a country where the local laws and or regulations preclude the remittance of currency out of the country for purposes of paying the Grant Price for the Option Shares being exercised, require the Company, its Affiliates and or you to secure any legal or regulatory approvals or complete any legal or regulatory filings, or undertake any additional steps for remitting currency out of the country, the Company may restrict the method of exercise to a form of cashless exercise (either a cashless sell all exercise and or a cashless sell to cover exercise) as it shall determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 The exercise date applicable to your exercise of the specified number of Option Shares pursuant to this Section 3 will be deemed to be the date on which the Company receives your irrevocable commitment to exercise the Option Shares in writing, subject to your payment in full of the Option Shares to be exercised within 10 (ten) days of the notice of exercise of the Option Shares to be exercised. The notice and payment in full of the Option Shares being exercised, must be received by the Company or its designee on or prior to the last day of the Stock Option term, as set forth in Section 2 above, except as provided in Section 4 below. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 1 

Upon the Company s determination that there has been a valid exercise of the Option Shares, the Company shall issue certificates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or cause the Company s transfer agent to make the necessary book entries for the shares of Stock subject to the exercised Option Shares. However, the Company shall not be liable to you, your personal representative or your successor(s)-in-interest for damages relating to any delays in issuing the certificates or in making book entries, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in making book entries, or in the certificates themselves. 
 
 4. Termination of Employment . 
 
 a. In the event that your employment terminates due to death or Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law, as applicable), all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you or your appointed representative, as the case may be, until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 b. Provided that you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date, in the event your employment terminates due to Retirement, all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 c. In the event that your employment terminates due to Retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, the Option Shares shall immediately be forfeited in their entirety. 
 
 d. Upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, you shall have the shorter of (i) one (1) year from the date of termination and (ii) the remaining term of the Stock Option to exercise all vested Option Shares. Immediately upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested Option Shares shall be forfeited provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may extend the exercise period and or accelerate vesting of any unvested Option Shares (provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option). Your termination date shall be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). 
 
 e. Immediately upon notice of termination of your employment for Cause, all unexercised Option Shares, whether vested or unvested, shall be forfeited. 
 
 f. The Option Shares, to the extent unexercised on the date following the end of any period described above or the term of the Stock Option set forth above in Section 2, shall thereupon be forfeited. 
 
 g. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, any termination of employment shall be effective as of the date your active employment ceases and shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 2 

h. Any one of your permitted transferee(s) (pursuant to Section 7 below) shall receive the rights herein granted subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. No transfer of this Stock Option shall be approved and effected by the Administrator unless (i) the Administrator shall have been timely furnished with written notice of such transfer and any copies of such notice as the Committee may deem, in its sole discretion, necessary to establish the validity of the transfer (ii) the transferee or transferees shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum and (iii) such transfer complies with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 i. If you are a resident or employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Stock Option and this Agreement are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Stock Option is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 j. If you reside or work in a country where the local foreign exchange rules and regulations require the repatriation of sale proceeds, the Company may require you to sell any Option Shares you acquire under the Plan immediately or within a specified period following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 5. Change in Control . To the extent that you have not entered into a Change in Control Agreement with the Company and except as the Administrator (as defined in the Plan) may otherwise determine, immediately prior to a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable. In addition, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately prior to the Change in Control unless the Stock Option is exercised coincident therewith or assumed in accordance with the immediately following sentence. If there is a surviving or acquiring entity, the Administrator may provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option by the acquiring or surviving entity or an affiliate thereof, on such terms as the Administrator determines. If there is no surviving or acquiring entity, or if the Administrator does not provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option, any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable on a basis that gives you a reasonable opportunity to participate as a stockholder in the Change in Control. If you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Stock Option will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. 
 
 6. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 6, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 3 

(1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unexercised Stock Options, whether vested or unvested. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon exercise of the Stock Option may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 8. Transferability . Except as required by law, you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Stock Option granted under this Agreement other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or without payment of consideration to your Family Members or to trusts or other entities for the benefit of your Family Members. During your lifetime, the Stock Option is exercisable only by you, subject to Section 4 above. 
 
 9. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Stock Option, including the grant of the Stock Option, the vesting of the Stock Option, the exercise of the Stock Option, the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option and the receipt of any dividends, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Prior to the delivery of shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Stock Option that has an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 4 

Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the Stock Option, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon exercise resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the exercised Stock Option. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the Stock Option and any shares of Stock delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event, shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Stock Option is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 10. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are a resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 11. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Stock Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 5 

Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Stock Options awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consent herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 12. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 

Rev 1. 2020 
 6 

(b) the grant of the Stock Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Stock Options, even if Stock Options have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Stock Options, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the Stock Option grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Stock Option is not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Stock Option resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Stock Option, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option will commence as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 7 

income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Stock Option or of any amount due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 
 13. Securities Laws . Upon the acquisition of any shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option, you will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with the Plan. 
 
 14. Not a Public Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option under the Plan nor the issuance of the underlying shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option is intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law. 
 
 15. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding whether you should purchase shares of Stock under the Plan. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to purchase shares of Stock pursuant to the Stock Option, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Stock Option and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 16. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Stock Options) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to a personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Stock Option and participation in the Plan, or future grants of Stock Options that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 8 

or instituted pursuant to the Stock Option, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Stock Option translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 19. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Stock Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Stock Option, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 21. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 22. Choice of Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflicts of laws principles) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts where the grant of the Stock Option is made and or to be performed. 
 
 23. Award Subject to Plan Conflicts . The Stock Option granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Stock Option granted under this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Stock Option subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 9 

by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 25. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable 
 
 26. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 10 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Optionee have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the date and year first above written. 
 
 Option Shares of Stock TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 
 
 Grant Price OPTION_PRICE, 999,999,999.99 - 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Percent of Stock Option Date Vested 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD1 - 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD2 - 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD3 - 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD4 - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

OPTIONEE 

By SIGNED BY ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, YOU AGREE THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES YOUR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 11 

THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM (iii) YOU HAVE REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM (iv) YOU HAVE BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND THE TAX SUPPLEMENT TO THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR YOUR COUNTRY, IF APPLICABLE AND (v) YOU HEREBY AGREE TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS DULY AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 12 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Stock Option is subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 19 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA COUNTRIES 1 AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and 
 
 1 For the avoidance of doubt, references to the EU EEA in this Addendum include the United Kingdom. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 13 

operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Stock Option to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 14 

AUSTRALIA 
 
 1. Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates for any reason, your vested Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days from the date of termination of employment and (ii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 1. Acceptance of Stock Option . In order for the Stock Option to be subject to taxation at the time of grant, you must affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date by signing below and returning this original executed Addendum to 
 Boston Scientific Green Square Lambroekstraat 5D 1831 Diegem Belgium 
 Attn. Nathalie Derue 
 
 I hereby accept ________ (number) Option Shares underlying the Stock Option granted to me by the Company on the Grant Date. 
 The undersigned acknowledges that he she has been encouraged to discuss this matter with a financial and or tax advisor and that this decision is made in full knowledge. 
 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 Date of Acceptance _______________________________ 
 If you fail to affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date, the Stock Option will not be subject to taxation at the time of grant but instead will be subject to taxation on the date you exercise the Stock Option (or such other treatment as may apply under Belgian tax law at the time of exercise). 
 
 2. Undertaking for Qualifying Option . If you are accepting the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date and wish to have the Stock Option subject to a lower valuation for Belgium tax purposes pursuant to the article 43, 6 of the Belgian law of 26 March 1999, you 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 15 

may agree and undertake to (a) not exercise the Stock Option before the end of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the offer date falls, and (b) not transfer the Stock Option under any circumstances (except upon on rights your heir might have in the Stock Option upon your death). If you wish to make this undertaking, you must sign below and return this executed Addendum to the address listed above. 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 1. Compliance with Law . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the Stock Option, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 2. Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Stock Option, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Stock Option, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 1. Use of Previously Owned Shares . Notwithstanding any provision in Section 3 of the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if you are resident in Canada, you may not use previously-owned shares of Stock to pay the Grant Price or any Tax-Related Items in connection with the Stock Option. 
 
 2. Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 3. Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 4. Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 16 

Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 1. Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 2. Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates for any reason, your Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) the period set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement (ii) the last day of the 90 day period beginning on the date of termination of employment (or such earlier date as may be required by China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )) and (iii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 3. Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company and its Affiliates in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 4. Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 17 

BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Stock Option Upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Stock Option upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 1. Nature of the Award . The Stock Option is not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-177-1 and seq. of the French commercial code. 
 
 2. Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 18 

conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 1. Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 2. IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Stock Option and shares of Stock issued upon exercise do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Stock Option is intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 3. Wages . The Stock Option and shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 4. Nature of Scheme . You understand that the Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). 
 
 INDIA 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 19 

ITALY 
 
 1. Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 2. Plan . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Grant of Stock Option, Exercise of Stock Option, Termination of Employment, Recoupment Policy, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPAN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 1. Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 2. Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement in its entirety 

Rev 1. 2020 
 20 

You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon exercise of the Stock Option may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 
 Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian Opsyen saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Opsyen saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad Opsyen mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Opsyen saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 

MEXICO 
 
 1. Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in Section 12 of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 21 

(2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Stock acquired at exercise of the Stock Option. 
 Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar la Opci n, Usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del contrato, incluyendo este Ap ndice, mismos que ha revisado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan, y del contrato, incluyendo este Ap ndice. Tambi n reconoce que ha le do y aprueba de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la secci n doce 12 del contrato que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan su participaci n en el mismo son ofrecidos por la Compa a de forma totalmente discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) La Compa a y sus afiliados no son responsables por cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones adquiridas al momento de tener derecho conforme a la Opci n. 
 2. Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge your participation in the Plan, the grant of the Stock Option and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and your Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to yourself any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 22 

Reconocimiento de Ley Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar el Otorgamiento de la Opci n, Usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficinas registradas en 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es nicamente responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Usted adem s reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de Opci n y cualquier adquisici n de acciones de conformidad con el Plan no constituyen una relaci n de trabajo entre Usted y Boston Scientific Corporation, ya que Usted est participando en el Plan sobre una base totalmente comercial y su nico patr n es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-M xico ). Derivado de lo anterior, Usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarle de la participaci n en el Plan no establecen ning n derecho entre Usted y su Patr n, Boston Scientific-M xico, y no forman parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones otorgadas por Boston Scientific-M xico, y cualquier modificaci n al Plan o su terminaci n no constituir un cambio o perjuicio de los t rminos y condiciones de su trabajo. 
 Usted adem s entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo tanto Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar el Plan y o discontinuar su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para hacia Usted. 
 Finalmente, Usted declara que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno para presentar una reclamaci n o demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation por cualquier compensaci n o da o o perjuicio en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o los beneficios derivados del Plan y, por lo tanto, otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliados, afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, accionistas, directores, funcionarios, agentes y representantes con respecto a cualquier reclamaci n o demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Stock Option, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with Boston Scientific Corporation and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (i) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (ii) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of a Stock Option which, upon exercise and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 23 

If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Prior to the exercise and settlement of the Stock Option, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 No interest in any Stock Option may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation , 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 24 

PHILIPPINES 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 RUSSIA 
 
 1. U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Stock Option shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon exercise of the Stock Option, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 2. Cashless Exercise Provision . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to restrict exercise of your Stock Option to a cashless exercise through a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company, such that all shares of Stock subject to the exercised Stock Option will be sold immediately upon exercise and the proceeds of sale, less the Grant Price, any Tax-Related Items and broker s fees or commissions, will be remitted to you in accordance with any applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 3. Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 25 

SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Stock Option under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Stock Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer in is made (i) after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 a. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 b. The Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 c. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 11 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 11 of the Agreement. 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 26 

SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 In accepting the Stock Option grant, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Stock Options under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Stock Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Stock Option and the shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Stock Option grant shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the Stock Option grant, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Stock Option to the extent the Stock Option has not vested as of date you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Stock Option as of the date you cease active employment and any vested portion of the Stock Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in the Agreement will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Stock Option. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 

Rev 1. 2020 
 27 

SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Stock Option (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 1. Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 9 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation Section 9 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 28 

withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 9 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 6721321-v7 GESDMS 
 
 Rev 1. 2020 
 29 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 3
 ex1056-2020grantxrsuagreem.htm
 EX-10.56

Document 

Exhibit 10.56 

Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Participant 

EMPLOYEE COPY 
 PLEASE RETAIN FOR YOUR RECORDS 

Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 This Global Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), dated OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the Award of Deferred Stock Units by the Committee under the Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Units . The Committee hereby grants you that number of Deferred Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you one share of Stock subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This Award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the provisions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. 
 
 2. Vesting . The Units shall vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you according to the vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 below, the Units will vest, subject to the conditions described in Section 7 below, in approximately equal annual installments on each of the four (4) consecutive anniversaries of the Grant Date, beginning on the first anniversary of the Grant Date. Shares of Stock for Units that vest in accordance with this Section 2 will be delivered to you within fifteen (15) days after the applicable vesting date but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date. No shares of Stock shall otherwise be issued to you prior to the date on which the Units vest. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company and or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require you to sell such Stock immediately or within a specified time following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 3. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to you pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will you be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested with respect to such shares of Stock and the shares of Stock have been issued to you. 
 
 4. Death . In the event you terminate employment by reason of death, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your death shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued in accordance with your will or the laws of descent and distribution. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 4 will be delivered within sixty (60) days after your employment termination date. 
 Rev 1.2020 
 1 

5. Retirement . If you terminate employment by reason of your Retirement, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your Retirement shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you, provided you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date. In the event that your Retirement occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, all unvested Units shall immediately terminate and be forfeited in their entirety. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 5 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 In this regard, if you are a local national of and employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Units and the terms and conditions governing the Units are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Units is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 6. Disability . If you terminate employment by reason of your Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law), any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination by reason of Disability shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 6 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment Certain Vesting Conditions . If your employment terminates for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination shall terminate and be forfeited on the effective date of such termination, except if your employment terminates for Cause, in which case, all unvested Units shall be forfeited upon notice to you of your termination for Cause. Subject to Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement, the issuance of shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the applicable anniversary of the Grant Date as set forth in Section 2 above. For purposes of the vesting conditions set forth in this Agreement, the effective date of your termination shall be deemed to be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, the date of your termination of employment shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . In the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control, any Units that have not vested prior to the Change in Control shall immediately vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you immediately prior to the Change in Control provided, however, that if you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Units will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. In the event you have terminated employment with the Company or an Affiliate prior to a Change in Control as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement occurring on or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date, and the Change in Control occurs following your termination of employment, shares of Stock for any Units that have vested under Section 4, 5 or 6 but which have not yet been issued will be issued immediately prior to the Change in 
 Rev 1.2020 
 2 

Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specifically provided in any agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates with you pertaining to the effect of a Change in Control on outstanding Awards which is in effect as of the Change in Control, if this Award is subject to and not exempt from the application of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and provides for settlement or payment upon a Change in Control, the definition of Change in Control shall be limited to events which qualify as a change in the ownership of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) provided, however, that this requirement shall not cause an event that would not otherwise be considered a Change in Control under the definition of a Change in Control under the Plan to be considered a Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares have been listed or 
 Rev 1.2020 
 3 

authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 13. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your 
 Rev 1.2020 
 4 

salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of Stock, shall be based on the value of the Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 14. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 5 

15. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 6 

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying Shares, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services 
 Rev 1.2020 
 7 

for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 17. Not a Public Offering . The grant of the Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of the Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding your participation in the Plan or your acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Units. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 20. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 21. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic 
 Rev 1.2020 
 8 

system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 22. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 23. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 24. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 25. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 26. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the 
 Rev 1.2020 
 9 

Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 27. Governing Law and Venue The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts and no other courts where the grant of the Units is made and or to be performed. 
 
 28. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 30. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 31. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be the one and the same instrument. 
 Rev 1.2020 
 10 

SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant have executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

Number of Deferred Stock Units TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 25 
 
 VEST_DATE_PERIOD1 - 
 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD2 - 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD3 - 25 VEST_DATE_PERIOD4 - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

By SIGNED BY ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE 

BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, YOU AGREE THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES YOUR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM (iii) YOU HAVE REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM (iv) YOU HAVE BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS 
 Rev 1.2020 
 11 

TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND THE TAX SUPPLEMENT TO THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR YOUR COUNTRY, IF APPLICABLE AND (v) YOU HEREBY AGREE TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS DULY AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THE ADDENDUM. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 12 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO DEFERRED STOCK UNITS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Units are subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 23 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA COUNTRIES 1 AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, 
 
 1 For the avoidance of doubt, references to the EU EEA in this Addendum include the United Kingdom. 
 Rev 1.2020 
 13 

administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Units, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 14 

AUSTRALIA 
 
 1. Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 2. Tax Information . The Plan is a program to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 1. Compliance with Law . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 2. Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Units, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Units, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 1. Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, all Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 
 2. Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 15 

3. Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 4. Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 1. Shares of Stock Must Be Held with Designated Broker . All shares of Stock issued upon settlement of your Units will be deposited into a personal brokerage account established with the Company s designated broker, E TRADE (or any successor broker designated by the Company), on your behalf. You understand that you may sell the shares of Stock at any time after they are deposited in such account, however, you may not transfer the shares of Stock out of the brokerage account. 
 
 2. Mandatory Sale of Shares Following Termination of Employment . You are required to sell all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units no later than 90 days following your termination of employment with the Company and its Affiliates (or such earlier date as may be required by the China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )), in which case, this Addendum shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). If any shares remain outstanding on the 90th day following your employment termination date (or such earlier date as may be required by SAFE), you hereby direct, instruct and authorize the Company to issue sale instructions on your behalf. 
 
 You agree to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the designated brokerage firm is under any obligation to arrange for such sale of shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the shares of Stock are sold, the sale proceeds, less any tax withholding, any broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 16 

3. Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 4. Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 17 

COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Units upon Termination of Service . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Units upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 1. Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-197-1 and seq. of the French commercial code. 
 
 2. Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 1. Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Addendum or the Plan, the Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 18 

2. Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 3. IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Units and shares of Stock issued at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 4. Wages . The Units and shares of Stock subject to the Units do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 5. Nature of the Program . The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). To the extent any court, tribunal or legal regulatory body in Hong Kong determines that the Plan constitutes an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 1. Immediate Sale Restriction . Pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, when the Units vest, you understand and agree that all shares of Stock issued upon vesting immediately must be sold. You acknowledge and agree that the Company is authorized to issue sales instructions to the Company s designated broker on your behalf pursuant to this authorization, and you expressly authorize the broker to complete the sale. You also agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company s designated broker to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock and to cooperate with the Company and the Company s designated broker with respect to such matters. When the shares of Stock are sold, a portion of the resulting sale proceeds will be used to cover any Tax-Related Items required to be withheld and any brokerage fees and expenses associated with the sale. The remaining proceeds will be paid to you as soon as practicable. 
 Rev 1.2020 
 19 

You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the Company s designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the open market) and that brokerage fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. Due to fluctuations in the Stock price and or applicable exchange rates between the date the Units vest and (if later) the date on which the shares of Stock are sold, the amount of proceeds ultimately may be more or less than the market value of the shares of Stock on the date the Units vest. You understand and agree that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuations in the Stock price and or any applicable exchange rate. 
 
 2. Securities Law Information . The grant of Units under the Plan does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Plan . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Vesting, Other Termination of Employment, Certain Vesting Conditions, Recoupment Policy, Issuance of Stock, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPAN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 1. Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 2. Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 20 

You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon vesting of the Units may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian unit saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua unit saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896.Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad unit mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan unit saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 21 

MEXICO 
 
 1. Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant section of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting of the Units. 
 Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del Contrato con inclusi n de este Ap ndice, que le ha examinado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que usted acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Contrato. Usted tambi n reconoce que ha le do y, concretamente, y aprobar de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la Naturaleza del Otorgamiento que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan y su participaci n en el Plan se ofrecen por Boston Scientific Corporation en su totalidad sobre una base discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) Boston Scientific Corporation y sus afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna disminuci n en el valor de las acciones adquiridas en la adquisici n de los Unidades. 
 2. Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Plan, the grant of Units and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 Rev 1.2020 
 22 

You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to you any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Reconocimiento de Ausencia de Relaci n Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficians registradas on 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es el nico responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Adem s, usted acepta que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de los Unidades y cualquier adquisici n de acciones en el marco del Plan no constituyen una relaci n laboral entre usted y Boston Scientific Corporation porque usted est participando en el Plan en su totalidad sobre una base comercial y su nico empleador es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Derivado de lo anterior, usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarse de la participaci n en el Plan no establece ning n derecho entre usted y su Empleador, Boston Scientific-Mexico, y que no forman parte de las condiciones de empleo y o prestaciones previstas por Boston Scientific-Mexico, y cualquier modificaci n del Plan o la terminaci n de su contrato no constituir un cambio o deterioro de los t rminos y condiciones de su empleo. 
 Adem s, usted entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es causada por una decisi n discrecional y unilateral de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo que Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto a modificar y o suspender su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para con usted. 
 Finalmente, usted manifiesta que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho que origine una demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation, por cualquier compensaci n o da o en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, y en consecuencia usted otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, directores, agentes y representantes legales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Units, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with the Company and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (b) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 23 

NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of Units which, upon vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Prior to the vesting and settlement of the Units, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 No interest in any Units may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 24 

4. Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Stock Unit Award and 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PHILIPPINES 
 
 Settlement in Cash . Pursuant Section 2 of the Agreement, the Company shall settle your Units in the form of a cash payment unless, at the time of vesting, share settlement does not trigger the need for any approval from and or filing with the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 RUSSIA 
 1. U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Units shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon vesting of the Units, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 2. Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the 
 Rev 1.2020 
 25 

Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 Depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to settle the Units in cash and or to pay any proceeds related to the Units to you through local payroll. 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the grant in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 a. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 b. The Boston Scientific Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 c. Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Stock Unit Award and 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 26 

SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 15 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 15 of the Agreement. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 In accepting the grant of Units, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Units and the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Units, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Units to the extent the Units have not vested as of date that you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Award. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 27 

BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 Rev 1.2020 
 28 

UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 1. Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 13 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limitation Section 13 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 13 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 6721372-v6 GESDMS 
 Rev 1.2020 
 29 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-10.57>
 4
 ex1057-2020grantxrsabodawa.htm
 EX-10.57

Document 
 Exhibit 10.57 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of shares set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Restricted Stock of the Company s Stock, subject to the restrictions set forth below. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Shares of Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 12 below. 
 
 3. Lapse of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control of the Company), shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall become free of the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. Any shares of Stock issued shall be registered in the name of the Participant and any certificates representing those shares of Stock may be held by the Company and not be delivered to the Participant until the lapse of all forfeiture restrictions with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock. The Participant agrees to deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if so requested by the Company. During the period that shares of Restricted Stock are subject to forfeiture (subject, however, to Section 12 of this Agreement relating to 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

limits on transferability), the Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to receive dividends and the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock. 
 
 5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause (as defined in Section 4.a(4)(C) of the Plan) prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall be free of restrictions pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such shares of Restricted Stock shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause (as defined in Section 4.a(4)(C) of the Plan), any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that have not been delivered to the Participant shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. 
 
 6. Change in Control of the Company . In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall immediately be free of restrictions. 
 
 7. Consideration for Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock are being issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Legend on Certificate . The certificates representing the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if delivered to the Participant prior to the lapse of the forfeiture restrictions, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form 
 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of common stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of a Boston Scientific Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan and a Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Boston Scientific Corporation. Copies of the Plan and Agreement are on file in the offices of Boston Scientific Corporation at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 In addition, certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock shall also bear an Affiliate Legend. 
 
 2 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

9. Delivery of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with, and (ii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares of Restricted Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 10. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. If the Participant elects pursuant to Code Section 83(b) to recognize taxable income in connection with the award of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement, the Participant must notify the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (with a copy to the Company) of such election in writing within thirty (30) days of the Grant Date and must pay in cash to the Company the amount of withholding and other tax obligations associated with the election or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock award, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold Tax-Related Items required by law to be withheld with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder from any compensation or other amount owing to the Participant, as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all such Tax-Related Items, requirements and withholding obligations. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 11. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Restricted Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 12. Limits on Transferability . Until the restrictions imposed upon the Restricted Stock by this Agreement lapse in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the shares of Restricted Stock awarded and accepted hereby are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by the Participant. Transfers of shares of 
 3 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and any applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 13. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Restricted Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 14. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all shares of Restricted Stock awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list 
 4 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant shares of Restricted Stock or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 15. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of shares of Restricted Stock is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of shares of Restricted Stock, even if shares of Restricted Stock have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 5 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

(d) the grant of the shares of Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, the award of shares of Restricted Stock hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the shares of Restricted Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the shares of Restricted Stock resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the shares of Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Restricted Stock or of any amount due to the Participant upon lapse of restrictions on the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired. 
 
 16. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Restricted Stock under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Restricted Stock is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or 
 6 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock and participation in the Plan or future grants of Restricted Stock that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 20. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Restricted Stock translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 21. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). 
 7 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 22. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Restricted Stock, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 23. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 24. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Restricted Stock subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 8 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

25. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 26. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 28. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 9 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN 2011 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Shares TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 6721493-v3 GESDMS 
 10 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.58>
 5
 ex1058-2020grantxdsubodawa.htm
 EX-10.58

Document 
 Exhibit 10.58 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 DEFERRED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of Deferred Stock Units set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to the Participant one share of Stock, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Units. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Units awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 11 below. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan)), the Units awarded hereunder shall vest in full on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in the Participant s name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will the Participant be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested and the underlying shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant. 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause (as defined in Section 4.a(4)(C) of the Plan) prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any Units awarded hereunder that remain unvested shall vest pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such Units shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause (as defined in Section 4.a(4)(C) of the Plan), any Units awarded hereunder that have not been settled shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. 
 
 6. Change in Control Event . In the event of a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan), any unvested Units shall immediately vest in full. 
 
 7. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Issuance of Stock . Shares of Stock will be issued in settlement of vested Units within sixty (60) days after the earlier of (i) a Change in Control Event or (ii) the Participant s Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) at the time of his Separation From Service, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Participant s Separation From Service is by reason of the Participant s death, then any Units that becomes payable under the Plan due to the Participant s Separation From Service will be paid six (6) months and one (1) day after the date on which the Participant s Separation From Service occurs. 
 
 The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 Further, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant resides outside the United States, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory 
 2 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in the Participant s country of residence. Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require the Participant to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified time following the Participant s Separation From Service (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on the Participant s behalf). 
 
 9. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the grant, vesting and settlement of Units hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if the withholding of Tax-Related Items is required, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to the Participant, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of Units, the Participant expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company (on the Participant s behalf and at the Participant s direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. The Participant agrees to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from the Participant s compensation or any other amounts payable to the Participant, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares 
 3 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

of Stock, or may require the Participant to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant or vesting of Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are the Participant s sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without the Participant s consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, the Participant is exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from the award of Units. 
 
 10. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Units and underlying shares of Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 11. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and the Participant shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable laws, rules and regulations. Shares of Stock issued to the Participant in certificate form or to the Participant s book entry account upon settlement of the Units may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon the Participant s book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 12. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the Units and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any 
 4 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 13. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s 
 5 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Units. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 14. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, the award of Units hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 6 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

(e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 15. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Units is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is 
 7 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 19. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the 
 8 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 22. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 23. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 9 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

25. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 26. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 27. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 28. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 10 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN 2011 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Units TOTAL_UNITS_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS DULY AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 6721483-v3 GESDMS 
 11 
 -Rev. 12.2019 

</EX-10.58>

<EX-10.65>
 6
 ex1065-2021grantxnqagreeme.htm
 EX-10.65

Document 
 Exhibit 10.65 

Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 This Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the Non-Qualified Stock Option Award granted to you by the Committee under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions relating to your Stock Option pursuant to the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Stock Option . The Committee hereby grants you a Stock Option to purchase that number of shares of Stock set forth in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary (the Option Shares at the price set forth herein (the Grant Price ). The Grant Price is equal to the Fair Market Value of the Company s Stock on the Grant Date. 
 
 2. Term and Vesting of Stock Option . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 below, your Stock Option shall have a term of ten (10) years from date of grant until the Expiration Date and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule. If the Expiration Date falls on a date on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed for trading, the Expiration Date shall be the trading day immediately prior to the Expiration Date. 
 
 3. Exercise of Stock Option . While this Stock Option remains exercisable, you may exercise any vested portion of the Option Shares by delivering to the Company or its designee, in the form and at the location specified by the Company, notice stating your intent to exercise a specified number of Option Shares and payment of the full Grant Price for the specified number of Option Shares. Payment in full for the Option Shares being exercised may be paid in such manner as the Committee may specify from time to time, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to the following (a) in cash, (b) by certified check or bank draft payable in U.S. dollars (US to the order of the Company, (c) in whole or in part in shares of Stock owned by you, valued at Fair Market Value, or (d) if available to you, via cashless exercise, by which you deliver to your securities broker instructions to sell a sufficient number of shares of Stock to cover the Grant Price for the Option Shares, any applicable tax obligations and the brokerage fees and expenses associated therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you reside in a country where the local laws and or regulations preclude the remittance of currency out of the country for purposes of paying the Grant Price for the Option Shares being exercised, require the Company, its Affiliates and or you to secure any legal or regulatory approvals or complete any legal or regulatory filings, or undertake any additional steps for remitting currency out of the country, the Company may restrict the method of exercise to a form of cashless exercise (either a cashless sell all exercise and or a cashless sell to cover exercise) as it shall determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 The exercise date applicable to your exercise of the specified number of Option Shares pursuant to this Section 3 will be deemed to be the date on which the Company receives your irrevocable commitment to exercise the Option Shares in writing, subject to your payment in full of the Option Shares to be exercised within 10 (ten) days of the notice of exercise of the Option Shares to be exercised. The notice and payment in full of the Option Shares being exercised, 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 1 

must be received by the Company or its designee on or prior to the last day of the Stock Option term, as set forth in Section 2 above, except as provided in Section 4 below. 
 
 Upon the Company s determination that there has been a valid exercise of the Option Shares, the Company shall issue certificates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or cause the Company s transfer agent to make the necessary book entries for the shares of Stock subject to the exercised Option Shares. However, the Company shall not be liable to you, your personal representative or your successor(s)-in-interest for damages relating to any delays in issuing the certificates or in making book entries, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in making book entries, or in the certificates themselves. 
 
 4. Termination of Employment . 
 
 a. In the event that your employment terminates due to death or Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law, as applicable), all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you or your appointed representative, as the case may be, until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 b. Provided that you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date, in the event your employment terminates due to Retirement, all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 c. In the event that your employment terminates due to Retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, the Option Shares shall immediately be forfeited in their entirety. 
 
 d. Upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause (as defined in Section 4.e. below), death, Disability or Retirement, you shall have the shorter of (i) one (1) year from the date of termination and (ii) the remaining term of the Stock Option to exercise all vested Option Shares. Immediately upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested Option Shares shall be forfeited provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may extend the exercise period and or accelerate vesting of any unvested Option Shares (provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option). Your termination date shall be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). 
 
 e. Immediately upon notice of termination of your employment for Cause, all unexercised Option Shares, whether vested or unvested, shall be forfeited. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means a felony conviction or your failure to contest prosecution for a felony, or your misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 2 

f. The Option Shares, to the extent unexercised on the date following the end of any period described above or the term of the Stock Option set forth above in Section 2, shall thereupon be forfeited. 
 
 g. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, any termination of employment shall be effective as of the date your active employment ceases and shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 h. Any one of your permitted transferee(s) (pursuant to Section 7 below) shall receive the rights herein granted subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. No transfer of this Stock Option shall be approved and effected by the Administrator unless (i) the Administrator shall have been timely furnished with written notice of such transfer and any copies of such notice as the Committee may deem, in its sole discretion, necessary to establish the validity of the transfer (ii) the transferee or transferees shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum and (iii) such transfer complies with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 i. If you are a resident or employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Stock Option and this Agreement are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Stock Option is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 j. If you reside or work in a country where the local foreign exchange rules and regulations require the repatriation of sale proceeds, the Company may require you to sell any Option Shares you acquire under the Plan immediately or within a specified period following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 5. Change in Control . To the extent that you have not entered into a Change in Control Agreement with the Company and except as the Administrator (as defined in the Plan) may otherwise determine, immediately prior to a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable. In addition, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately prior to the Change in Control unless the Stock Option is exercised coincident therewith or assumed in accordance with the immediately following sentence. If there is a surviving or acquiring entity, the Administrator may provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option by the acquiring or surviving entity or an affiliate thereof, on such terms as the Administrator determines. If there is no surviving or acquiring entity, or if the Administrator does not provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option, any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable on a basis that gives you a reasonable opportunity to participate as a stockholder in the Change in Control. If you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Stock Option will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. 
 
 6. Recoupment Policy . 

Rev 1. 2021 
 3 

(a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 6, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unexercised Stock Options, whether vested or unvested. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon exercise of the Stock Option may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 8. Transferability . Except as required by law, you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Stock Option granted under this Agreement other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or without payment of consideration to your Family Members or to trusts or other entities for the benefit of your Family Members. During your lifetime, the Stock Option is exercisable only by you, subject to Section 4 above. 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 4 

9. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Stock Option, including the grant of the Stock Option, the vesting of the Stock Option, the exercise of the Stock Option, the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option and the receipt of any dividends, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Prior to the delivery of shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Stock Option that has an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the Stock Option, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon exercise resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the exercised Stock Option. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the Stock Option and any shares of Stock delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event, shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Stock Option is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 5 

with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 10. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are a resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 11. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Stock Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Stock Options awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option. You understand that you may, at 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 6 

any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consent herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 12. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Stock Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Stock Options, even if Stock Options have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Stock Options, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the Stock Option grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Stock Option is not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Stock Option resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 

Rev 1. 2021 
 7 

(j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Stock Option, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option will commence as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Stock Option or of any amount due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 
 13. Securities Laws . Upon the acquisition of any shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option, you will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with the Plan. 
 
 14. Not a Public Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option under the Plan nor the issuance of the underlying shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option is intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law. 
 
 15. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding whether you should purchase shares of Stock under the Plan. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to purchase shares of Stock pursuant to the Stock Option, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Stock Option and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 16. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Stock Options) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 8 

awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to a personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Stock Option and participation in the Plan, or future grants of Stock Options that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Stock Option, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Stock Option translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 19. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Stock Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Stock Option, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 21. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 9 

to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 22. Choice of Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflicts of laws principles) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts where the grant of the Stock Option is made and or to be performed. 
 
 23. Award Subject to Plan Conflicts . The Stock Option granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Stock Option granted under this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Stock Option subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 25. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable 
 
 26. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Optionee have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the date and year first above written. 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Rev 1. 2021 
 11 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Stock Option is subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 19 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 12 

operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Stock Option to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 13 

AUSTRALIA 
 
 1. Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates for any reason, your vested Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days from the date of termination of employment and (ii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 1. Acceptance of Stock Option . In order for the Stock Option to be subject to taxation at the time of grant, you must affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date by signing below and returning this original executed Addendum to 
 Boston Scientific Green Square Lambroekstraat 5D 1831 Diegem Belgium 
 Attn. Nathalie Derue 
 
 I hereby accept ________ (number) Option Shares underlying the Stock Option granted to me by the Company on the Grant Date. 
 The undersigned acknowledges that he she has been encouraged to discuss this matter with a financial and or tax advisor and that this decision is made in full knowledge. 
 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 Date of Acceptance _______________________________ 
 If you fail to affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date, the Stock Option will not be subject to taxation at the time of grant but instead will be subject to taxation on the date you exercise the Stock Option (or such other treatment as may apply under Belgian tax law at the time of exercise). 
 
 2. Undertaking for Qualifying Option . If you are accepting the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date and wish to have the Stock Option subject to a lower valuation 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 14 

for Belgium tax purposes pursuant to the article 43, 6 of the Belgian law of 26 March 1999, you may agree and undertake to (a) not exercise the Stock Option before the end of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the offer date falls, and (b) not transfer the Stock Option under any circumstances (except upon on rights your heir might have in the Stock Option upon your death). If you wish to make this undertaking, you must sign below and return this executed Addendum to the address listed above. 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 1. Compliance with Law . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the Stock Option, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 2. Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Stock Option, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Stock Option, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 1. Use of Previously Owned Shares . Notwithstanding any provision in Section 3 of the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if you are resident in Canada, you may not use previously-owned shares of Stock to pay the Grant Price or any Tax-Related Items in connection with the Stock Option. 
 
 2. Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 3. Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 4. Nature of Grant. The following provision supplements Section 12(k) of the Agreement 

Rev 1. 2021 
 15 

For purposes of the Stock Options, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the earliest of (a) the date that your employment or service relationship with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated (b) the date that you receive a notice of termination of employment or service and (c) the date upon which you cease to actively provide services, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment legislation 
 explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Stock Options, if any, will terminate effective as of the last date of the minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 5. Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHILE 
 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of the Stock Option constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the Grant Date. This offer of the Stock Option is made subject to general ruling N 336 of the Commission for the Financial Market (Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero, CMF ). The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the CMF, and, therefore, such securities are not subject to oversight of the CMF. Given that the Stock Option is not registered in Chile, the Company is not required to provide public information about the Stock Option or the shares of Stock in Chile. Unless the Stock Option and or the shares of Stock are registered with the CMF, a public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile. 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 16 

Esta oferta de opci n sobre acciones Opci n constituye una oferta privada de valores en Chile y se inicia en la Fecha de la Concesi n. Esta oferta de Opci n se acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Car cter General N 336 NCG 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF ). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta. Por tratarse los Opci nes de valores no registrados en Chile, no existe obligaci n por parte de la Compa a de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de los Opci nes or sus Acciones. Estos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 1. Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 2. Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates for any reason, your Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) the period set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement (ii) the last day of the 90 day period beginning on the date of termination of employment (or such earlier date as may be required by China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )) and (iii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 3. Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company and its Affiliates in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 4. Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 17 

Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Stock Option Upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Stock Option upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 18 

FRANCE 
 
 1. Nature of the Award . The Stock Option is not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-177 and seq. of the French commercial code. 
 
 2. Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 1. Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 2. IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Stock Option and shares of Stock issued upon exercise do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Stock Option is intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 3. Wages . The Stock Option and shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 4. Nature of Scheme . You understand that the Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). 

Rev 1. 2021 
 19 

INDIA 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of Stock Options under the Plan does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 1. Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 2. Plan . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Grant of Stock Option, Exercise of Stock Option, Termination of Employment, Recoupment Policy, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPAN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 1. Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 20 

income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 2. Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon exercise of the Stock Option may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 
 Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian Opsyen saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Opsyen saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad Opsyen mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Opsyen saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 

MEXICO 
 
 1. Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in Section 12 of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Stock acquired at exercise of the Stock Option. 
 Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar la Opci n, Usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del contrato, incluyendo este Ap ndice, mismos que ha revisado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan, y del contrato, incluyendo 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 21 

este Ap ndice. Tambi n reconoce que ha le do y aprueba de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la secci n doce 12 del contrato que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan su participaci n en el mismo son ofrecidos por la Compa a de forma totalmente discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) La Compa a y sus afiliados no son responsables por cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones adquiridas al momento de tener derecho conforme a la Opci n. 
 2. Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge your participation in the Plan, the grant of the Stock Option and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and your Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to yourself any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Reconocimiento de Ley Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar el Otorgamiento de la Opci n, Usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficinas registradas en 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es nicamente responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Usted adem s reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de Opci n y cualquier adquisici n de acciones de conformidad con el Plan no constituyen una relaci n de trabajo entre Usted y Boston Scientific Corporation, ya que Usted est participando en el Plan sobre una base totalmente comercial y su nico patr n es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-M xico ). Derivado de lo anterior, Usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarle de la participaci n en el Plan no establecen ning n derecho 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 22 

entre Usted y su Patr n, Boston Scientific-M xico, y no forman parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones otorgadas por Boston Scientific-M xico, y cualquier modificaci n al Plan o su terminaci n no constituir un cambio o perjuicio de los t rminos y condiciones de su trabajo. 
 Usted adem s entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo tanto Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar el Plan y o discontinuar su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para hacia Usted. 
 Finalmente, Usted declara que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno para presentar una reclamaci n o demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation por cualquier compensaci n o da o o perjuicio en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o los beneficios derivados del Plan y, por lo tanto, otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliados, afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, accionistas, directores, funcionarios, agentes y representantes con respecto a cualquier reclamaci n o demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Stock Option, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with Boston Scientific Corporation and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (i) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (ii) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of a Stock Option which, upon exercise and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 23 

Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Prior to the exercise and settlement of the Stock Option, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 No interest in any Stock Option may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 5. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation , 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PERU 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of the Stock Option is considered a private offering in Peru therefore, it is not subject to registration. For more information concerning the grant, you 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 24 

acknowledge that you should refer to the Plan, the Agreement, and any other materials made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Additional Acknowledgement of Nature of Plan and the Stock Option . By accepting the Stock Option, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the Stock Option is being granted ex gratia by the Company. 
 PHILIPPINES 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ROMANIA 
 Language Consent . By accepting the grant of the Stock Option, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English and fully understand the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Agreement and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Consimtamant cu Privire la Limba . Accept nd acordarea op iune de stoc, recunoa te i c sunte i competen i n citirea i n elegerea limbii engleze i n elege i pe deplin termenii documentelor legate de subven ie (Acordul de acordare i planul), care au fost furnizate n limba englez . Accepta i termenii acestor documente n consecin . 
 RUSSIA 
 
 1. U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Stock Option shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon exercise of the Stock Option, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 25 

In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 2. Cashless Exercise Provision . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to restrict exercise of your Stock Option to a cashless exercise through a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company, such that all shares of Stock subject to the exercised Stock Option will be sold immediately upon exercise and the proceeds of sale, less the Grant Price, any Tax-Related Items and broker s fees or commissions, will be remitted to you in accordance with any applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 3. Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 
 4. Anti-Corruption Notification . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of Stock of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, you should inform the Company if you are covered by these laws because you should not hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 5. Labor Law Information . If you continue to hold shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option after an involuntary termination of employment, you may not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. 
 Depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to restrict exercise of the Stock Option to a cashless sell-all exercise and or to pay any proceeds related to the Stock Option to you through local payroll. 
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 
 Securities Law Information. The grant of the Stock Option is not subject to the regulations concerning public offers and private placements under the Law on Capital Markets. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Stock Option under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Stock Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer in is made (i) 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 26 

after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 2. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 3. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This 
 document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - 
 Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 11 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 11 of the Agreement. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 27 

In accepting the Stock Option grant, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Stock Options under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Stock Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Stock Option and the shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Stock Option grant shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the Stock Option grant, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Stock Option to the extent the Stock Option has not vested as of date you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Stock Option as of the date you cease active employment and any vested portion of the Stock Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in the Agreement will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Stock Option. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Tax Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 9 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Employer s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items as set forth in the Section 9 of the Agreement, in accepting the grant of the Stock Option, you authorize the Company to sell shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise of the Stock Option to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 

Rev 1. 2021 
 28 

SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Stock Option (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 1. Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 9 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation Section 9 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 29 

withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 9 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 170801730-v7 NA_DMS 
 
 Rev 1. 2021 
 30 

</EX-10.65>

<EX-10.66>
 7
 ex1066-2021grantxrsuagreem.htm
 EX-10.66

Document 
 Exhibit 10.66 

EMPLOYEE COPY 
 PLEASE RETAIN FOR YOUR RECORDS 
 
 Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 This Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the award of Restricted Stock Units (the Award by the Committee under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Units . The Committee hereby grants you that number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you one share of Stock subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This Award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the provisions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. 
 
 2. Vesting . The Units shall vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you in accordance with the schedule provided in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 below, the Units will vest, subject to the conditions described in Section 7 below. Shares of Stock for Units that vest in accordance with this Section 2 will be delivered to you within fifteen (15) days after the applicable vesting date but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date. No shares of Stock shall otherwise be issued to you prior to the date on which the Units vest. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company and or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require you to sell such Stock immediately or within a specified time following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 3. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to you pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will you be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested with respect to such shares of Stock and the shares of Stock have been issued to you. 
 
 4. Death . In the event you terminate employment by reason of death, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your death shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued in accordance with your will or the laws of descent and distribution. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 4 will be delivered within sixty (60) days after your employment termination date. 
 Rev 1.2021 
 1 

5. Retirement . If you terminate employment by reason of your Retirement, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your Retirement shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you, provided you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date. In the event that your Retirement occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, all unvested Units shall immediately terminate and be forfeited in their entirety. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 5 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 In this regard, if you are a local national of and employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Units and the terms and conditions governing the Units are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Units is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 6. Disability . If you terminate employment by reason of your Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law), any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination by reason of Disability shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 6 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment Certain Vesting Conditions . If your employment terminates for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination shall terminate and be forfeited on the effective date of such termination, except if your employment terminates for Cause, in which case, all unvested Units shall be forfeited upon notice to you of your termination for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means a felony conviction or your failure to contest prosecution for a felony, or your misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. Subject to Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement, the issuance of shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the applicable anniversary of the Grant Date as set forth in Section 2 above. For purposes of the vesting conditions set forth in this Agreement, the effective date of your termination shall be deemed to be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, the date of your termination of employment shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . In the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control, any Units that have not vested prior to the Change in Control shall immediately vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you immediately prior to the Change in Control provided, however, that if you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Units will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. In the event you have terminated employment with the Company or an Affiliate prior to a Change in Control as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement occurring on or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date, and the Change in Control occurs following your termination of employment, shares of Stock for any Units that have vested under Section 4, 5 or 6 but 
 Rev 1.2021 
 2 

which have not yet been issued will be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specifically provided in any agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates with you pertaining to the effect of a Change in Control on outstanding Awards which is in effect as of the Change in Control, if this Award is subject to and not exempt from the application of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and provides for settlement or payment upon a Change in Control, the definition of Change in Control shall be limited to events which qualify as a change in the ownership of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) provided, however, that this requirement shall not cause an event that would not otherwise be considered a Change in Control under the definition of a Change in Control under the Plan to be considered a Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares have been listed or 
 Rev 1.2021 
 3 

authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 13. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or 
 Rev 1.2021 
 4 

sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of Stock, shall be based on the value of the Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 14. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 15. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as 
 Rev 1.2021 
 5 

described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 6 

(b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying Shares, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and 
 Rev 1.2021 
 7 

value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 17. Not a Public Offering . The grant of the Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of the Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding your participation in the Plan or your acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Units. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 20. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 21. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 22. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings 
 Rev 1.2021 
 8 

entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 23. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 24. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 25. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 26. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 9 

27. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts and no other courts where the grant of the Units is made and or to be performed. 
 
 28. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 30. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 31. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be the one and the same instrument. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant have executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 10 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Units are subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 23 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 Rev 1.2021 
 11 

The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Units, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a 
 Rev 1.2021 
 12 

legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 Tax Information . The Plan is a program to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Units, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Units, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, all Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 
 Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 16(k) of the Agreement 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 13 

For purposes of the Units, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the earliest of (a) the date that your employment or service relationship with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated (b) the date that you receive a notice of termination of employment or service and (c) the date upon which you cease to actively provide services, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Units, if any, will terminate effective as of the last date of the minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHILE 
 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of the Units constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the Grant Date. This offer of Units is made subject to general ruling N 336 of the Commission for the Financial Market (Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero, CMF ). The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the CMF, and, therefore, such securities are not subject to oversight of the CMF. Given that the Units are not registered in Chile, the Company is not required to provide public information about the Units or the shares of Stock in Chile. Unless the Units and or the shares of Stock are registered with the CMF, a public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile. 
 Rev 1.2021 
 14 

Esta oferta de Unidades de Acciones Restringidas Units constituye una oferta privada de valores en Chile y se inicia en la Fecha de la Concesi n. Esta oferta de Units se acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Car cter General N 336 NCG 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF ). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta. Por tratarse los Units de valores no registrados en Chile, no existe obligaci n por parte de la Compa a de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de los Units or sus Acciones. Estos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 Shares of Stock Must Be Held with Designated Broker . All shares of Stock issued upon settlement of your Units will be deposited into a personal brokerage account established with the Company s designated broker, E TRADE (or any successor broker designated by the Company), on your behalf. You understand that you may sell the shares of Stock at any time after they are deposited in such account, however, you may not transfer the shares of Stock out of the brokerage account. If the Company changes its designated broker, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may transfer any shares of Stock issued under the Plan to the new designated broker, if necessary for legal or administrative reasons. You agree to sign any documentation necessary to facilitate the transfer of shares of Stock. 
 
 Mandatory Sale of Shares Following Termination of Employment . You are required to sell all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units no later than 90 days following your termination of employment with the Company and its Affiliates (or such earlier date as may be required by the China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )), in which case, this Addendum shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). If any shares remain outstanding on the 90th day following your employment termination date (or such earlier date as may be required by SAFE), you hereby direct, instruct and authorize the Company to issue sale instructions on your behalf. 
 
 You agree to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the designated brokerage firm is under any obligation to arrange for such sale of shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the shares of Stock are sold, the sale proceeds, less any tax withholding, any broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred 
 Rev 1.2021 
 15 

to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 16 

DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Units upon Termination of Service . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Units upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L. 225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Addendum or the Plan, the Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 
 
 Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Units and shares of Stock issued at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong 
 Rev 1.2021 
 17 

law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 Wages . The Units and shares of Stock subject to the Units do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 Nature of the Program . The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). To the extent any court, tribunal or legal regulatory body in Hong Kong determines that the Plan constitutes an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 Immediate Sale Restriction . Pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, when the Units vest, you understand and agree that all shares of Stock issued upon vesting immediately must be sold. You acknowledge and agree that the Company is authorized to issue sales instructions to the Company s designated broker on your behalf pursuant to this authorization, and you expressly authorize the broker to complete the sale. You also agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company s designated broker to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock and to cooperate with the Company and the Company s designated broker with respect to such matters. When the shares of Stock are sold, a portion of the resulting sale proceeds will be used to cover any Tax-Related Items required to be withheld and any brokerage fees and expenses associated with the sale. The remaining proceeds will be paid to you as soon as practicable. 
 
 You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the Company s designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the open market) and that brokerage fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. Due to fluctuations in the Stock price and or applicable exchange rates between the date the Units vest and (if later) the date on which the shares of Stock are sold, the amount of proceeds ultimately may be more or less than the market value of the shares of Stock on the date the Units vest. You understand and agree that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuations in the Stock price and or any applicable exchange rate. 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 18 

Securities Law Information . The grant of Units under the Plan does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Plan . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Vesting, Other Termination of Employment, Certain Vesting Conditions, Recoupment Policy, Issuance of Stock, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPAN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 19 

You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 . You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon vesting of the Units may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian unit saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua unit saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896.Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad unit mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan unit saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. 

MEXICO 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant section of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting of the Units. 
 Rev 1.2021 
 20 

Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del Contrato con inclusi n de este Ap ndice, que le ha examinado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que usted acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Contrato. Usted tambi n reconoce que ha le do y, concretamente, y aprobar de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la Naturaleza del Otorgamiento que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan y su participaci n en el Plan se ofrecen por Boston Scientific Corporation en su totalidad sobre una base discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) Boston Scientific Corporation y sus afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna disminuci n en el valor de las acciones adquiridas en la adquisici n de los Unidades. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Plan, the grant of Units and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to you any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Reconocimiento de Ausencia de Relaci n Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficians registradas on 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es el nico responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Adem s, usted acepta que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de los Unidades y cualquier adquisici n de acciones en el marco del Plan no constituyen una relaci n laboral entre usted y Boston Scientific Corporation porque usted est participando en el Plan en su totalidad sobre una base comercial y su nico empleador es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Derivado de lo anterior, 
 Rev 1.2021 
 21 

usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarse de la participaci n en el Plan no establece ning n derecho entre usted y su Empleador, Boston Scientific-Mexico, y que no forman parte de las condiciones de empleo y o prestaciones previstas por Boston Scientific-Mexico, y cualquier modificaci n del Plan o la terminaci n de su contrato no constituir un cambio o deterioro de los t rminos y condiciones de su empleo. 
 Adem s, usted entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es causada por una decisi n discrecional y unilateral de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo que Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto a modificar y o suspender su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para con usted. 
 Finalmente, usted manifiesta que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho que origine una demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation, por cualquier compensaci n o da o en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, y en consecuencia usted otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, directores, agentes y representantes legales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Units, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with the Company and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (b) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of Units which, upon vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Rev 1.2021 
 22 

Prior to the vesting and settlement of the Units, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 No interest in any Units may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 5. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PERU 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of Units is considered a private offering in Peru therefore, it is not subject to registration. For more information concerning the grant, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Plan, the Agreement, and any other materials made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 23 

Additional Acknowledgement of Nature of Plan and the Units . By accepting the Units, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the Units are being granted ex gratia by the Company. 
 
 PHILIPPINES 
 
 Settlement in Cash . Pursuant Section 2 of the Agreement, the Company shall settle your Units in the form of a cash payment unless, at the time of vesting, share settlement does not trigger the need for any approval from and or filing with the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ROMANIA 
 Language Consent . By accepting the grant of Units, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English and fully understand the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Agreement and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Consimtamant cu Privire la Limba . Accept nd acordarea unit ilor de Unit-uri, recunoa te i c sunte i competen i n citirea i n elegerea limbii engleze i n elege i pe deplin termenii documentelor legate de subven ie (Acordul de acordare i planul), care au fost furnizate n limba englez . Accepta i termenii acestor documente n consecin . 
 RUSSIA 
 U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Units shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon vesting of the Units, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an 
 Rev 1.2021 
 24 

authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 Anti-Corruption Notification . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of Stock of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, you should inform the Company if you are covered by these laws because you should not hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Information . If you continue to hold shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Units after an involuntary termination of employment, you may not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. 
 Depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to settle the Units in cash and or to pay any proceeds related to the Units to you through local payroll. 
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 
 Securities Law Information. The grant of the Units is not subject to the regulations concerning public offers and private placements under the Law on Capital Markets. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the grant in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 2. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 25 

3. Boston Scientific Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 15 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 15 of the Agreement. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 In accepting the grant of Units, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Units and the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Units, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically 
 Rev 1.2021 
 26 

result in the loss of the Units to the extent the Units have not vested as of date that you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Award. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Tax Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 13 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Employer s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items as set forth in the Section 13 of the Agreement, in accepting the grant of the Units, you authorize the Company to withhold shares of Stock or to sell shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon settlement of the Units to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 1.2021 
 27 

TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 13 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limitation Section 13 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 13 of the Agreement. 
 
 2. Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the 
 Rev 1.2021 
 28 

grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 170801729-v7 NA_DMS 
 Rev 1.2021 
 29 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-10.67>
 8
 ex1067-2021grantxtsragreem.htm
 EX-10.67

Document 
 Exhibit 10.67 

Boston Scientific Corporation 
 Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 Award Type Performance Share Unit Award Agreement Plan Name TSR PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM - 
 Award Date OPTION_DATE,'Month DD, YYYY' - Total Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 
 
 INTENT TO GRANT 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE,'Month DD, YYYY' - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), in connection with the Award of Performance Share Units by the Company under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in either the Plan or in the Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program (the Program for the period beginning January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2023 (the Performance Period ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby indicates its award to you that number of Performance Share Units (the Units set forth herein this Agreement (the Award ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you shares of the Company s common stock, par value USD 0.01 per share Stock ), subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. The Award is intended to be granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan and the Program. 
 
 2. Eligibility Conditions upon Award of the Units . You hereby acknowledge the intent of the Company to award the Units subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. 
 
 3. Satisfaction of Performance-Based Conditions . Subject to the eligibility conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Section 8 of this Agreement and Appendix B , and the satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth on Appendix A to this Agreement during the Performance Period, the 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

Company intends to award shares of Stock hereunder to you at the end of the Performance Period. Shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. Except as set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, no shares of Stock in settlement of the Units shall be issued to you prior to the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued hereunder, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. During the period prior to the issuance of shares of Stock, you will have no rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Stock, including no right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock underlying each Award. 
 
 5. Death or Disability . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law), prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. 
 
 6. Retirement . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period on a prorated basis based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months that you worked during the Performance Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that you terminate your employment due to Retirement prior to January 1, 2022, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment -- Eligibility Conditions . If your employment with the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries is terminated or you separate from the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that remain subject to eligibility conditions shall be void and no shares of Stock shall be issued. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8, eligibility to be issued shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . Subject to the terms of any separate Change in Control or similar agreement to which you are bound, in the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2023, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units 
 -Rev. 1.2021 2 TSR Program 

set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months during the Performance Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to the consummation of the Change in Control divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to January 1, 2022, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability prior to a Change in Control and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2023, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 
 In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement prior to a Change in Control after December 31, 2021 and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis as determined under Section 6 based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2023, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and if, in the judgment of the Board, you commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 -Rev. 1.2021 3 TSR Program 

(b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with (ii) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (iii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or 
 -Rev. 1.2021 4 TSR Program 

sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of shares of Stock, shall be based on the value of the shares of Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 13. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 14. Limits on Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the eligibility conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded hereunder are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by you. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted 
 -Rev. 1.2021 5 TSR Program 

legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 15. Award Subject to the Plan and the Program . The Award to be made pursuant to this Agreement is made subject to the Plan and the Program. The terms and provisions of the Plan and the Program, as each may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of the Plan or the Program, the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan or Program will govern and prevail. However, no amendment of the Plan or the Program after the date hereof may adversely alter or impair the issuance of the shares of Stock to be made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 16. No Rights to Continued Employment . The Company s intent to issue the shares of Stock hereunder shall not confer upon you any right to continued employment or other association with the Company or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate your employment or other association with the Company or to change the terms of such employment or association at any time. 
 
 17. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 18. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable appendix to the Agreement (the Appendix ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Appendices to these Agreements, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Appendix shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 19. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts, where this Award is made and or to be performed . 
 
 20. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise 
 -Rev. 1.2021 6 TSR Program 

unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 22. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 -Rev. 1.2021 7 TSR Program 

APPENDIX A 
 
 PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Performance Share Units will pay out in shares of Stock in a range of 0 to 200 of the number of Performance Share Units as follows 
 
 TSR Performance 
 Percentile Rank 
 Performance Share Units as a Percent of Target 80th Percentile or above 200 50th Percentile 100 30th Percentile 40 Below 30 th Percentile 
 0 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

APPENDIX B 
 
 This Appendix B contains supplemental terms and conditions for awards of Units granted under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan to Participants who reside outside the United States or who are otherwise subject to the laws of a country other than the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 
 Section I of this Appendix B contains special terms and conditions that govern the Units outside of the United States. Section II of this Appendix B includes special terms and conditions in the specific countries listed therein. 
 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding exchange controls, taxation of awards and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws concerning the Units in effect as of January 2021. Such laws are often complex and change frequently the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Units or sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan. 
 
 In addition, this Appendix B is general in nature, does not discuss all of the various laws, rules and regulations which may apply to your particular situation and the Company does not assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country apply to your specific situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transferred employment after the Award was granted or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. In addition, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply under these circumstances (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable). 
 
 Section I. All Countries Outside the United States 
 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, you acknowledge that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Units granted under and participation in the Plan or future Units that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or to request your 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 Language . You hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 Section II. Country-Specific Terms and Conditions 
 
 COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Data Privacy If you do not reside and or are not employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 COUNTRIES WITHIN THE EU EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Data Privacy If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 1. Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 
 2. Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 

170801727-v4 NA_DMS 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 9
 ex1068-2021grantxfcfagreem.htm
 EX-10.68

Document 
 Exhibit 10.68 

Boston Scientific Corporation Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 Award Type Performance Share Unit Award Agreement Plan Name FCF PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM 
 Award Date OPTION_DATE,'Month DD, YYYY' - Total Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 
 
 INTENT TO GRANT 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE,'Month DD, YYYY' - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), in connection with the Award of Performance Share Units by the Company under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in either the Plan or in the Free Cash Flow Performance Share Program (the Program for the performance period beginning January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2021 (the Performance Period and the three-year service period beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2023 (the Service Period ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby indicates its award to you that number of Performance Share Units (the Units set forth herein this Agreement (the Award ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you shares of the Company s common stock, par value USD 0.01 per share Stock ), subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. The Award is intended to be granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan and the Program. 
 
 2. Eligibility Conditions upon Award of the Units . You hereby acknowledge the intent of the Company to award the Units subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. 
 
 3. Satisfaction of Performance-Based Conditions and Service Period . Subject to the eligibility conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement, except as 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

otherwise provided in Sections 5, 6 and 8 of this Agreement and Appendix B , and the satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth on Appendix A to this Agreement during the Performance Period, the Company intends to award shares of Stock hereunder to you at the end of the Service Period (December 31, 2023). Shares of Stock shall be issued within thirty (30) days following the end of the Service Period based on actual performance during the Performance Period as determined at the first Committee meeting following the end of the Performance Period. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8 of this Agreement, no shares of Stock in settlement of the Units shall be issued to you prior to the end of the Service Period. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued hereunder, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. During the period prior to the issuance of shares of Stock, you will have no rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Stock, including no right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock underlying each Award. 
 
 5. Death or Disability . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law) on or before the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1, 2022 to March 15, 2022, based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability after the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued within seventy (70) days following your termination of employment based on actual performance during the Performance Period. 
 
 6. Retirement . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Service Period, shares of Stock shall be issued to you within seventy (70) days following your Retirement on a prorated basis based on actual performance. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of the Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months that you worked during the Service Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that you terminate your employment due to Retirement prior to January 1, 2022, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment -- Eligibility Conditions . If your employment with the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries is terminated or you separate from the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that remain subject to eligibility conditions shall be void and no shares of Stock shall be issued. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8, eligibility to be issued shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the last day of the Service Period as set forth in Section 3 above. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . Subject to the terms of any separate Change in Control or similar agreement to which you are bound, in the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control after December 31, 2021, but prior to the end of the Service Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis based on actual 
 -Rev. 1.2021 2 FCF Program 

performance as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months during the Service Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to the consummation of the Change in Control divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with terms of the Program. In the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to January 1, 2022, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. In the event that your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates prior to a Change in Control as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement occurring after December 31, 2021, and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2021, then shares of Stock for any Units that have vested under Section 5 or 6 but which have not yet been issued will be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specifically provided in any agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates with you pertaining to the effect of a Change of Control on outstanding Awards which is in effect as of the Change of Control, if this Award is subject to and not exempt from the application of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and provides for settlement or payment upon a Change in Control, the definition of Change in Control shall be limited to events which qualify as a change in the ownership of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) provided, however, that this requirement shall not cause an event that would not otherwise be considered a Change in Control under the definition of a Change in Control under the Plan to be considered a Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 -Rev. 1.2021 3 FCF Program 

(b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with (ii) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (iii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or 
 -Rev. 1.2021 4 FCF Program 

sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of shares of Stock, shall be based on the value of the shares of Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 13. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 14. Limits on Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the eligibility conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded hereunder are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by you. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted 
 -Rev. 1.2021 5 FCF Program 

legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 15. Award Subject to the Plan and the Program . The Award to be made pursuant to this Agreement is made subject to the Plan and the Program. The terms and provisions of the Plan and the Program, as each may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of the Plan or the Program, the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan or Program will govern and prevail. However, no amendment of the Plan or the Program after the date hereof may adversely alter or impair the issuance of the shares of Stock to be made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 16. No Rights to Continued Employment . The Company s intent to issue the shares of Stock hereunder shall not confer upon you any right to continued employment or other association with the Company or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate your employment or other association with the Company or to change the terms of such employment or association at any time. 
 
 17. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 18. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable appendix to the Agreement (the Appendix ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Appendices to these Agreements, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Appendix shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 19. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts, where this Award is made and or to be performed . 
 
 20. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise 
 -Rev. 1.2021 6 FCF Program 

unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 22. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 -Rev. 1.2021 7 FCF Program 

APPENDIX A 
 
 PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Performance Share Units will pay out in shares of Stock in a range of 0 to 150 of the number of Performance Share Units as follows 
 
 Performance 
 Percent to Plan 
 Units Vesting 125 or above 150 110 120 100 100 90 80 50 25 Less than 50 0 

-Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

APPENDIX B 
 This Appendix B contains supplemental terms and conditions for awards of Units granted under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan to Participants who reside outside the United States or who are otherwise subject to the laws of a country other than the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 Section I of this Appendix B contains special terms and conditions that govern the Units outside of the United States. Section II of this Appendix B includes special terms and conditions in the specific countries listed therein. 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding exchange controls, taxation of awards and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws concerning the Units in effect as of January 2021. Such laws are often complex and change frequently the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Units or sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan. 
 In addition, this Appendix B is general in nature, does not discuss all of the various laws, rules and regulations which may apply to your particular situation and the Company does not assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country apply to your specific situation. 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transferred employment after the Award was granted or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. In addition, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply under these circumstances (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable). 
 Section I. All Countries Outside the United States 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Units granted under and participation in the Plan or future Units that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or to request your 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 Language . You hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Section II. Country-Specific Terms and Conditions 
 COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 1. Data Privacy . If you do not reside and or are not employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 COUNTRIES WITHIN THE EU EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 1. Data Privacy If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 FRANCE 
 1. Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 2. Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 

170801718-v4 NA_DMS 
 -Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 10
 ex1069-2021grantxrsabodawa.htm
 EX-10.69

Document 
 Exhibit 10.69 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of shares set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Restricted Stock of the Company s Stock, subject to the restrictions set forth below. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Shares of Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 12 below. 
 
 3. Lapse of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control of the Company), shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall become free of the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. Any shares of Stock issued shall be registered in the name of the Participant and any certificates representing those shares of Stock may be held by the Company and not be delivered to the Participant until the lapse of all forfeiture restrictions with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock. The Participant agrees to deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if so requested by the Company. During the period that shares of Restricted Stock are subject to forfeiture (subject, however, to Section 12 of this Agreement relating to 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

limits on transferability), the Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to receive dividends and the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock. 
 
 5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall be free of restrictions pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such shares of Restricted Stock shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that have not been delivered to the Participant shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, cause means a felony conviction of the Participant or the failure of the Participant to contest prosecution for a felony, or the Participant s misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 
 6. Change in Control of the Company . In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall immediately be free of restrictions. 
 
 7. Consideration for Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock are being issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Legend on Certificate . The certificates representing the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if delivered to the Participant prior to the lapse of the forfeiture restrictions, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form 
 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of common stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of a Boston Scientific Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan and a Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Boston Scientific Corporation. Copies of the Plan and Agreement are on file in the offices of Boston Scientific Corporation at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 In addition, certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock shall also bear an Affiliate Legend. 
 2 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

9. Delivery of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with, and (ii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares of Restricted Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 10. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. If the Participant elects pursuant to Code Section 83(b) to recognize taxable income in connection with the award of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement, the Participant must notify the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (with a copy to the Company) of such election in writing within thirty (30) days of the Grant Date and must pay in cash to the Company the amount of withholding and other tax obligations associated with the election or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock award, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold Tax-Related Items required by law to be withheld with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder from any compensation or other amount owing to the Participant, as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all such Tax-Related Items, requirements and withholding obligations. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 11. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Restricted Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 12. Limits on Transferability . Until the restrictions imposed upon the Restricted Stock by this Agreement lapse in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the shares of Restricted Stock awarded and accepted hereby are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, 
 3 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by the Participant. Transfers of shares of Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and any applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 13. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Restricted Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 14. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all shares of Restricted Stock awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list 
 4 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant shares of Restricted Stock or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 15. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of shares of Restricted Stock is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of shares of Restricted Stock, even if shares of Restricted Stock have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 5 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

(d) the grant of the shares of Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, the award of shares of Restricted Stock hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the shares of Restricted Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the shares of Restricted Stock resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the shares of Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Restricted Stock or of any amount due to the Participant upon lapse of restrictions on the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired. 
 
 16. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Restricted Stock under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Restricted Stock is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or 
 6 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock and participation in the Plan or future grants of Restricted Stock that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 20. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Restricted Stock translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 21. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). 
 7 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 22. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Restricted Stock, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 23. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 24. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Restricted Stock subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 8 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

25. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 26. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 28. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 9 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Shares TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 170801724-v4 NA_DMS 
 10 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-10.70>
 11
 ex1070-2021grantxrsubodawa.htm
 EX-10.70

Document 
 Exhibit 10.70 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of Restricted Stock Units set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to the Participant one share of Stock, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Units. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Units awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 11 below. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan)), the Units awarded hereunder shall vest in full on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in the Participant s name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will the Participant be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested and the underlying shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant. 
 -Rev. 1.2021 

5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any Units awarded hereunder that remain unvested shall vest pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such Units shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause, any Units awarded hereunder that have not been settled shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. For purposes of this Agreement, cause means a felony conviction of the Participant or the failure of the Participant to contest prosecution for a felony, or the Participant s misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 
 6. Change in Control Event . In the event of a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan), any unvested Units shall immediately vest in full. 
 
 7. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Issuance of Stock . Shares of Stock will be issued in settlement of vested Units within sixty (60) days after the earlier of (i) a Change in Control Event or (ii) the Participant s Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) at the time of his Separation From Service, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Participant s Separation From Service is by reason of the Participant s death, then any Units that becomes payable under the Plan due to the Participant s Separation From Service will be paid six (6) months and one (1) day after the date on which the Participant s Separation From Service occurs. 
 
 The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 Further, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant resides outside the United States, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the 
 2 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in the Participant s country of residence. Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require the Participant to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified time following the Participant s Separation From Service (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on the Participant s behalf). 
 
 9. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the grant, vesting and settlement of Units hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if the withholding of Tax-Related Items is required, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to the Participant, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. The cash equivalent of the shares of Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. By accepting the grant of Units, the Participant expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company (on the Participant s behalf and at the Participant s direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. The Participant agrees to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company may, in its discretion, withhold 
 3 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from the Participant s compensation or any other amounts payable to the Participant, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require the Participant to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant or vesting of Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are the Participant s sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without the Participant s consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, the Participant is exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from the award of Units. 
 
 10. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Units and underlying shares of Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 11. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and the Participant shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable laws, rules and regulations. Shares of Stock issued to the Participant in certificate form or to the Participant s book entry account upon settlement of the Units may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon the Participant s book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 4 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

12. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the Units and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 13. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 5 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Units. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 14. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, 
 6 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

the award of Units hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 15. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Units is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the 
 7 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 19. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and 
 8 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 22. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 23. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be 
 9 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 25. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 26. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 27. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 28. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 10 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Units TOTAL_UNITS_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS DULY AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 170801717-v5 NA_DMS 
 11 
 -Rev. 01.2021 

</EX-10.70>

<EX-10.72>
 12
 ex1072-amendmentto2021revo.htm
 EX-10.72

Document 
 Exhibit 10.72 

Execution Version 

AMENDMENT 
 AMENDMENT, dated as of December 21, 2022 (this Amendment ), to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among (i) BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), (ii) the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto (the Lenders and (iii) WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders thereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower intends to consummate the Target Acquisition (as defined below) pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Takeover Offer Document (as defined below) 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Target Acquisition, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders consent to the amendments to the Credit Agreement and the other agreements as set forth herein to, among others, modify the conditions to the agreement of the Lenders to make Loans requested by the Borrower set forth in Section 7.2 of the Credit Agreement during the Certain Funds Period (as defined below) and 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to agree to such amendments to the Credit Agreement and such other agreements, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Defined Terms . Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. As used in this Amendment, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Acquisition Co Boston Scientific Group plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Ireland, which is wholly-owned by the Borrower. 
 Bridge Credit Agreement that certain credit agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, among (i) the Borrower, (ii) the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto as lenders, and (iii) Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 Business Day any day on which The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited is open for the transaction of business that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day that is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions in such state are authorized or required by law to close. 
 Certain Funds Commitment Period the period from and including the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the occurrence of any Mandatory Cancellation Event. 
 Certain Funds Commitments During the Certain Funds Period, Revolving Credit Commitments under the Credit Agreement in an amount of 530,000,000 which are subject only to the satisfaction of the Certain Funds Conditions during the Certain Funds Period. Each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have a Certain Funds Commitment during the Certain Funds Period in an amount equal to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate Certain Funds Commitments. 

2 

Certain Funds Conditions (a) the Borrowing Date will be a date within the Certain Funds Commitment Period, (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received the notice of Borrowing in accordance with subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, (c) on the date of the notice of Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection 2.2 of the Credit Agreement and on the proposed Borrowing Date, (i) no Certain Funds Default shall be continuing or would result from the proposed Borrowing and (ii) all Certain Funds Representations shall be true or, if a Certain Funds Representation does not already include a materiality concept, true in all material respects, (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Borrowing Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming the applicable requirements of clause (c) of this definition have been satisfied, (e) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees due and payable on or prior to the Borrowing Date under the Loan Documents on or prior to the Borrowing Date, (f) it not being illegal for any Lender to lend and there being no injunction or restraining order prohibiting any Lender from lending its portion of the Loans or restricting the application of the proceeds thereof provided , that such Lender has used commercially reasonable efforts to make the Loans through an Affiliate of such Lender not subject to such legal restriction provided further , that the occurrence of such event in relation to one Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to make Loans hereunder and (g) the Takeover Offer shall have become wholly unconditional in accordance with the terms of the Takeover Offer Document, in each case, without giving effect to (and there shall not have been) any modifications, amendments, consents, requests or waivers by the Borrower or the Acquisition Co except to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Amendment. 
 
 Certain Funds Default means an Event of Default arising from any of the following, with respect to the Borrower or the Acquisition Co only, other than to the extent that such Event of Default relates to circumstances affecting any member of the Target Group 
 (a) subsection 10(a) of the Credit Agreement as it relates to the payment of principal, interest or other fees under this Agreement in respect of the Certain Funds Commitments 
 (b) subsection 10(b) of the Credit Agreement as it relates to a Certain Funds Representation 
 (c) subsection 10(c) of the Credit Agreement as it relates to a failure to perform the covenants set forth in subsection 8.4(b) , subsection 9.2 or subsection 9.4 of the Credit Agreement and Section 6(b) of this Amendment (other than paragraphs (vii) , (viii) and (x) thereof), in each case only insofar as such covenants apply to the Borrower or the Acquisition Co and (in respect of any procurement obligation) each of the Borrower and the Acquisition Co shall use its best efforts in complying with its procurement obligations but any failure to perform the covenants by any other person that is not the Borrower or the Acquisition Co shall not constitute a breach of its obligations or a Certain Funds Default or 
 (d) subsection 10(g) of the Credit Agreement in respect of the Borrower or the Acquisition Co, but excluding, in relation to involuntary proceedings, any Event of Default caused by a frivolous or vexatious action, proceeding or petition in respect of which no order or decree in respect of such involuntary proceeding shall have been entered. 
 Certain Funds Draw a Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans in Dollars by the Borrower under the Certain Funds Commitments under the Credit Agreement to finance those purposes set out in the definition of Certain Funds Purposes. 
 Certain Funds Period the period commencing on the later of (i) the Amendment Effective Date and (ii) date of the Rule 3.5 Announcement, and ending at the Certain Funds Termination Time. 
 Certain Funds Purposes 

3 

(i) payment (directly or indirectly) of all or part of the cash price payable by the Acquisition Co to the holders of the Target Shares subject to the Takeover Offer in consideration of the acquisition of such Target Shares pursuant to the Takeover Offer and 
 (ii) financing (directly or indirectly) the fees, costs and expenses in respect of the Transactions and any stamp duty and any other taxes payable in connection with the Target Acquisition. 
 Certain Funds Representations each of the representations set out in subsections 6.2 , 6.3 , 6.4 , 6.7 , 6.9 , 6.10 , 6.15 of the Credit Agreement and Section 4(b) of this Amendment, other than to the extent that such representations relates to facts and circumstances affecting any member of the Target Group and in each case only insofar as such representations apply to the Borrower or the Acquisition Co. 
 Certain Funds Termination Time 11 59 p.m. (Hong Kong Time) on the first date on which a Mandatory Cancellation Event occurs or exists. 
 Executive means the Executive Director of the Corporate Finance Division of the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or any delegate of the Executive Director. 
 Mandatory Cancellation Event 
 the occurrence of any of the following conditions or events 
 (a) the Takeover Offer lapses, terminates or is withdrawn with the consent of the Executive (or all consideration payable by the Acquisition Co to the holders of the Target Shares for acceptances validly tendered under the Takeover Offer prior to such lapse, withdrawal or termination (and all fees, costs and expenses (including stamp duty) which are necessary to complete the purchase by Acquisition Co of such Target Shares from such holders) have been paid) or 
 (b) it becomes illegal for all the Lenders to lend or there is any injunction or restraining order prohibiting all the Lenders from lending the Loans or restricting the application of proceeds thereof, and the Lenders were unable to make the Loans through their respective Affiliates which are not subject to such legal restriction or 
 (c) the date falling one hundred twenty (120) days after the date on which the Takeover Offer Document is issued (or such other date as the Lenders may agree in writing with the Borrower). 
 Materially Adverse Amendment a modification, amendment or waiver to or of the terms or conditions of the Takeover Offer compared to the terms and conditions that are included in the draft of the Rule 3.5 Announcement delivered pursuant to Section 3(c) of this Amendment that is, in the opinion of the Lenders (acting reasonably having consulted in good faith with the Borrower), materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole), it being acknowledged (i) a waiver of a pre-condition which then becomes a condition to be satisfied in connection with the Target Acquisition and (ii) such modification, amendment or waiver as required by the Takeovers Code or the Executive, would not be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders. 

4 

Minimum Acceptance Condition valid acceptances of the Takeover Offer being received in respect of a minimum of 156,725,925 Shares (representing approximately 50.01 of the Company s issued share capital as at the date of the Rule 3.5 Announcement). 
 Offer Documents the Takeover Offer Document and the Rule 3.5 Announcement. 
 Original Rule 3.5 Announcement as defined in Section 6(b)(i) of this Amendment. 
 Rule 3.5 Announcement means an announcement pursuant to Rule 3.5 of the Takeovers Code. 
 Takeover Offer means any voluntary conditional partial cash offer by or on behalf of the Acquisition Co to acquire a maximum of 203,702,962 shares in the Target in the issued share capital of the Target (representing 65 of the issued Target Shares), substantially on the terms and the conditions set out in the Rule 3.5 Announcement. 
 Takeover Offer Document means the composite offer and response document to be jointly issued by or on behalf of the Acquisition Co and the Target to shareholders of the Target (other than the Acquisition Co and parties acting in concert with it) in accordance with the Takeovers Code containing, among other things, details of the Takeover Offer, as maybe be revised or supplemented as appropriate. 
 Takeovers Code means the Code on Takeovers and Mergers published by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, as amended from time to time. 
 Target Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (Stock Code 6669). 
 Target Acquisition the acquisition by the Acquisition Co of the Target Shares which are subject to the Takeover Offer pursuant to the Takeover Offer Document. 
 Target Group the Target and its subsidiaries. 
 Target Shares up to 65 of the issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of the Target at the date of the Takeover Offer. 
 Transaction Costs all fees, costs and expenses incurred or payable by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions. 
 Transactions the (i) execution and delivery of this Amendment and the Bridge Credit Agreement, (ii) the borrowing of Loans pursuant to the Certain Funds Draw and the use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the consummation of the Target Acquisition and (iv) the payment of Transaction Costs. 
 SECTION 2. Certain Funds Conditionality . Notwithstanding the conditions to each Loan set forth in Section 7.2 of the Credit Agreement, the only conditions to the Certain Funds Draw with respect to the Certain Funds Commitments during the Certain Funds Period shall be the satisfaction of the Certain Funds Conditions. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Amendment Effective Date on which (a) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent this Amendment, (b) all fees and expenses payable to the Administrative Agent, the other Agents and any Lender on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date shall have been paid, (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy, certified by the Borrower, of the issued Rule 3.5 Announcement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent it being acknowledged that the draft provided to the 

5 

Administrative Agent as of December 12, 2022 is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (d) the Borrower shall have delivered a notice of termination of all outstanding commitments under the Bridge Credit Agreement to the Administrative Agent and Citibank, N.A. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders upon satisfaction of the conditions set out in paragraph (a), (b) and (c) and such notice shall also confirm the status to (i) the conditions remaining for the occurrence of the Amendment Effective Date and (ii) the Certain Funds Conditions, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 SECTION 4. Representation and Warranties . To induce the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders as of the Amendment Effective Date that 
 (a) Corporate Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations . 
 (i) The Borrower has the corporate power and authority, and the legal right, to make and deliver this Amendment and to perform the Loan Documents, as amended by this Amendment, to which it is a party and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the performance of the Loan Documents, as so amended, to which it is a party. 
 (ii) No consent or authorization of, filing with (other than the Borrower s public filing of the Amendment on Form 8-K, if applicable), or notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Amendment or with the performance, validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents, as amended by this Amendment, to which the Borrower is party. 
 (iii) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower. 
 (iv) This Amendment and each Loan Document, as amended by this Amendment, to which the Borrower is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, examination, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (b) Offer Documents and Related Documents . On the first Borrowing Date in respect of a Certain Funds Draw, the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent complete and correct copies of the Offer Documents when issued, including all schedules and exhibits thereto. The release of the Rule 3.5 Announcement and the posting of the Offer Documents have been or will be, prior to their release or posting (as the case may be), duly authorized by the Acquisition Co and to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the Target. Each of the material obligations of the Acquisition Co under the Offer Documents is or will be, when entered into and delivered, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Acquisition Co, enforceable against such Persons in accordance with its terms in each case, except as may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, examination or other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally and (ii) general principles of equity. 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties (except for those made in subsections 6.13 and 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) made by the Borrower in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment, as if made on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (it being understood that the only conditions to the making of the Certain Funds Draw under the Certain Funds Commitments are the Certain Funds Conditions). 

6 

SECTION 5. Actions by Lenders During Certain Funds Period . 
 (a) During the Certain Funds Period and notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Loan Documents, none of the Lenders nor the Administrative Agent shall, unless (x) a Certain Funds Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from a proposed Borrowing, (y) a Certain Funds Representation remains untrue or, if a Certain Funds Representation does not already include a materiality concept, untrue in any material respect or (z) it is illegal for such Lender to lend and or there is an injunction or restraining order prohibiting such Lender from lending its portion of the Loans or restricting the application of the proceeds thereof provided , that such Lender used commercially reasonable efforts to make its portion of the Loans through an Affiliate of such Lender not subject to such legal restriction and provided further , that the occurrence of an illegality event in relation to one Lender shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations to make Loans hereunder), be entitled to 
 (i) cancel any of its Certain Funds Commitments 
 (ii) rescind, terminate or cancel the Loan Documents or the Certain Funds Commitments or exercise any right or remedy or make or enforce any claim under the Loan Documents it may have to the extent to do so would prevent or limit the making of a Loan for Certain Funds Purposes 
 (iii) refuse to participate in the making of the Certain Funds Draw for Certain Funds Purposes unless the Certain Funds Conditions, as applicable, have not been satisfied 
 (iv) exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim in respect of a Loan for Certain Funds Purposes to the extent to do so would prevent or limit the making of the Certain Funds Draw for Certain Funds Purposes or 
 (v) cancel, accelerate or cause repayment or prepayment of any amounts owing under any Loan Document to the extent to do so would prevent or limit the making of the Certain Funds Draw for Certain Funds Purposes 
 provided that, immediately upon the expiry of the Certain Funds Period all such rights, remedies and entitlements shall be available to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent notwithstanding that they may not have been used or been available for use during the Certain Funds Period. 
 (b) During the Certain Funds Period, the Revolving Lenders shall not make any Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower to the extent that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Available Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Lenders would be less than the Certain Funds Commitments, other than the Certain Funds Draw (it being understood that a Revolving Lender shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely as a result of complying with the provisions of this clause (b)). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in subsection 13.6 of the Credit Agreement, during the Certain Funds Period no Lender shall assign any Commitment or Loan or any other interest of such Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (in respect of its Certain Fund Commitment) unless a Certain Funds Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower, and if such Lender assigns, transfers, participates or sub-participates prior to the expiry of the Certain Funds Period (in accordance with this subsection 13.6 in respect of any of its Certain Funds Commitment without the consent of the Borrower, such Lender shall 
 (i) remain liable to fund the amount of such Certain Funds Commitment during the Certain Funds Period notwithstanding such assignment, transfer, participation or sub-participation of such Certain Funds Commitment and provided further that if the assignee, transferee, participant, sub-participant defaults on its obligation to provide 

7 

its pro rata share of a Loan to be made during the Certain Funds Period (a Non-Funding Transferee then the Lender which has made the assignment, transfer, participation or sub-participation agrees to provide the amount that the Non-Funding Transferee was obliged to provide up to the amount that such Lender had assigned to such Non-Funding Transferee and 
 (ii) unless the Borrower provides its written consent, retain the unrestricted right to exercise all voting and similar rights in respect of its Certain Funds Commitments including for the avoidance of doubt any rights to approve any amendment or waiver until the expiry of the Certain Funds Period, free of any obligation to act on the instructions of any other person. 
 SECTION 6. Actions by the Borrower During Certain Funds Period . 
 
 (a) During the Certain Funds Commitment Period and notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Loan Documents, the Borrower shall not rescind, terminate or cancel the Loan Documents or the Commitments (or request any Revolving Credit Loans to the extent that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Available Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Lenders would be less than the Certain Funds Commitments, other than the Certain Funds Draw), and shall ensure that at least 530,000,000 of Revolving Credit Commitments remains available under the Credit Agreement for the Certain Funds Purposes. 
 (b) The Borrower will, or cause the Acquisition Co to 
 (i) reserved . 
 (ii) Comply in all material respects with the Takeover Code (subject to any waivers or dispensations granted by the Executive) in relation to any Takeover Offer. 
 (iii) Except as consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), ensure that the Takeover Offer Document corresponds in all material respects to the terms and conditions of the Takeover Offer as contained in the Rule 3.5 Announcement, subject to any variations which are not Materially Adverse Amendments and changes as required pursuant to the Takeovers Code or required by the Executive. 
 (iv) Ensure that the Takeover Offer Document contains all the material terms and conditions of the Takeover Offer and ensure that the conditions to the Takeover Offer include an Acceptance Condition set at a level at not less than the Minimum Acceptance Condition. 
 (v) Except as consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), not amend, treat as satisfied or waive (i) any term or condition of the Takeover Offer Document (other than the Acceptance Condition), as applicable, other than any such amendment, treatment or waiver which is not a Materially Adverse Amendment, or (ii) the Acceptance Condition if the effect of such amendment, treatment or waiver would be that the Acceptance Condition would be capable of being satisfied at a level less than the Minimum Acceptance Condition. 
 (vi) Not take any action, and procure that no Person acting in concert with it takes any action, which would require the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be) to make a mandatory offer for the Target Shares in accordance with Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code or which would require a change to be made to the terms of the Takeover Offer pursuant to the Takeovers Code which change, if made voluntarily, would be a Materially Adverse Amendment. 

8 

(vii) Provide the Administrative Agent with copies of the Takeover Offer Document and such information as it may reasonably request regarding the current level of acceptances subject to any confidentiality, legal, regulatory or other restrictions relating to the supply of such information. 
 (viii) Promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent or the receiving agent any written agreement between the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be) and the Target to the extent material to the interests of the Lenders in relation to the consummation of the Target Acquisition (in each case, upon such documents or agreements being entered into by the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be), and all other material announcements and documents published by the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be) or delivered by the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be) to the Executive pursuant to the Takeover Offer (other than the cash confirmation) and all legally binding agreements entered into by the Borrower or the Acquisition Co (as the case may be) in connection with a Takeover Offer, in each case to the extent the Borrower, acting reasonably, anticipates they will be material to the interests of the Lenders in connection with the Transactions, except to the extent it is prohibited by legal (including contractual) or regulatory obligations or restrictions from doing so. 
 (ix) Not declare the Takeover Offer unconditional as to acceptances until the Minimum Acceptance Condition has been satisfied. 
 (x) Not make any public announcement or public statement (other than in the relevant Offer Documents or the Borrower s public filing of the Amendment on Form 8-K, if applicable) concerning the Credit Agreement or the Lenders in connection with the financing of the Target Acquisition without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) unless required to do so by the Takeovers Code, the Executive, other competent regulatory body, stock exchange, or by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 7. Other Certain Funds Matters . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in the Credit Agreement to the contrary, for a period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the date falling 120 days after the date on which the Target Acquisition is consummated (the Clean-Up Date ), notwithstanding any other provision of any Loan Document, any breach of covenants, misrepresentations or other default which arises with respect to the Target Group will not be deemed a breach of a covenant, misrepresentation or a default or an Event of Default, as the case may be, if 
 (A) it is capable or remedy and reasonable steps are being taken to remedy it 
 (B) the circumstances giving rise to it have not knowingly been procured by or approved by the Borrower and 
 (C) it is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 If the relevant circumstances are continuing on or after the Clean-Up Date, there shall be a breach of covenant, misrepresentation or default or Event of Default, as the case may be, notwithstanding the above. 
 SECTION 8. Payment of Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all of its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Amendment, any other documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent. 

9 

SECTION 9. No Other Amendments Confirmation . Except as expressly amended, modified and supplemented hereby, the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 10. Governing Law Counterparts . 
 (a) This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The provisions of subsections 13.12 and 13.17 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 (b) This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile transmission or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 SECTION 11. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Upon and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver or amendment of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. It is the intent of the parties hereto, and the parties hereto agree, that this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the rights, obligations or liabilities thereunder. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

By s Robert J. Castagna ______________ Name Robert J. Castagna Title Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By s Darin Mullis _________________________ Name Darin Mullis Title Managing Director 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 

By s Darren Merten ____________________ Name Darren Merten Title Director 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
 as a Lender 

By s Warren Veech III ____________________ Name Warren Veech III Title Vice President 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By s Richard Rivera __________________ Name Richard Rivera Title Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender and as an Issuing Lender 

By s James Kyle O Donnell ____________________ Name James Kyle O Donnell Title Vice President 

SOCIETE GENERALE, 
 as a Lender 

By s Richard Bernal ____________________ Name Richard Bernal Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement 

BNP PARIBAS, 
 as a Lender 

By s Andy Strait ____________________ Name Andy Strait Title Managing Director 

By s John Bosco ____________________ Name John Bosco Title Managing Director 

DNB Capital LLC., 
 as a Lender 

By s Devan Patel ____________________ Name Devan Patel Title Senior Vice President 
 
 By s Bret Douglas ____________________ Name Bret Douglas Title Senior Vice President 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA, 
 as a Lender 

By s Dan Martis ____________________ Name Dan Martis Title Authroized Signatory 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender 

By s Jack Lonker ____________________ Name Jack Lonker Title Authorized Signatory 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
 as a Lender 

Error! No property name supplied. 12 8 2018 
 Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement 

By s Scott MacVicar ____________________ Name Scott MacVicar Title Authorized Signatory 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender 

By s Arjun Talwalkar ____________________ Name Arjun Talwalkar Title Director 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, 
 as a Lender 

By s Mike Tkach ____________________ Name Mike Tkach Title Authorized Signatory 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By s Maria Massimino ____________________ Name Maria Massimino Title Senior Vice President 

Allied Irish Bank Plc, 
 as a Lender 

By s Susan O Herlihy ____________________ Name Susan O Herlihy pp to Mick Murray Title Business Unit Head 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender 

By s Ming K. Chu ____________________ Name Ming K. Chu Title Director 
 
 By s Annie Chung ____________________ Name Annie Chung Title Director 
 Error! No property name supplied. 12 8 2018 
 Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement 

INTESA SANPAOLO S.p.A., New York Branch, 
 as a Lender 

By s Jordan Schweon ____________________ Name Jordan Schweon Title Managing Director 

By s Jennifer Feldman Facciola ____________ Name Jennifer Feldman Facciola Title Business Director 

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, 
 as a Lender 

By s Kristopher Tracy ____________________ Name Kristopher Tracy Title Director, Financing Solutions 

Error! No property name supplied. 12 8 2018 
 Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-10.76>
 13
 ex1076-2022grantxnqagreeme.htm
 EX-10.76

Document 
 Exhibit 10.76 

Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 This Global Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the Non-Qualified Stock Option Award granted to you by the Committee under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions relating to your Stock Option pursuant to the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Stock Option . The Committee hereby grants you a Stock Option to purchase that number of shares of Stock set forth in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary (the Option Shares at the price set forth herein (the Grant Price ). The Grant Price is equal to the Fair Market Value of the Company s Stock on the Grant Date. 
 
 2. Term and Vesting of Stock Option . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 below, your Stock Option shall have a term of ten (10) years from date of grant until the Expiration Date and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule. If the Expiration Date falls on a date on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed for trading, the Expiration Date shall be the trading day immediately prior to the Expiration Date. 
 
 3. Exercise of Stock Option . While this Stock Option remains exercisable, you may exercise any vested portion of the Option Shares by delivering to the Company or its designee, in the form and at the location specified by the Company, notice stating your intent to exercise a specified number of Option Shares and payment of the full Grant Price for the specified number of Option Shares. Payment in full for the Option Shares being exercised may be paid in such manner as the Committee may specify from time to time, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to the following (a) in cash, (b) by certified check or bank draft payable in U.S. dollars (US to the order of the Company, (c) in whole or in part in shares of Stock owned by you, valued at Fair Market Value, or (d) if available to you, via cashless exercise, by which you deliver to your securities broker instructions to sell a sufficient number of shares of Stock to cover the Grant Price for the Option Shares, any applicable tax obligations and the brokerage fees and expenses associated therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you reside in a country where the local laws and or regulations preclude the remittance of currency out of the country for purposes of paying the Grant Price for the Option Shares being exercised, require the Company, its Affiliates and or you to secure any legal or regulatory approvals or complete any legal or regulatory filings, or undertake any additional steps for remitting currency out of the country, the Company may restrict the method of exercise to a form of cashless exercise (either a cashless sell all exercise and or a cashless sell to cover exercise) as it shall determine in its sole discretion. 
 
 The exercise date applicable to your exercise of the specified number of Option Shares pursuant to this Section 3 will be deemed to be the date on which the Company receives your irrevocable commitment to exercise the Option Shares in writing, subject to your payment in full of the Option Shares to be exercised within 10 (ten) days of the notice of exercise of the Option Shares to be exercised. The notice and payment in full of the Option Shares being exercised, must be received by the Company or its designee on or prior to the last day of the Stock Option term, as set forth in Section 2 above, except as provided in Section 4 below. 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 1 

Upon the Company s determination that there has been a valid exercise of the Option Shares, the Company shall issue certificates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or cause the Company s transfer agent to make the necessary book entries for the shares of Stock subject to the exercised Option Shares. However, the Company shall not be liable to you, your personal representative or your successor(s)-in-interest for damages relating to any delays in issuing the certificates or in making book entries, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in making book entries, or in the certificates themselves. 
 
 4. Termination of Employment . 
 
 a. In the event that your employment terminates due to death or Disability (as such term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law, as applicable), all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you or your appointed representative, as the case may be, until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 b. Provided that you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date, in the event your employment terminates due to Retirement, all remaining unexercised portion(s) of your Stock Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you until the expiration of the term of the Stock Option or such other term as the Committee may determine at or after grant, provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option. 
 
 c. In the event that your employment terminates due to Retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, the Option Shares shall immediately be forfeited in their entirety. 
 
 d. Upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, you shall have the shorter of (i) one (1) year from the date of termination and (ii) the remaining term of the Stock Option to exercise all vested Option Shares. Immediately upon termination of your employment for reasons other than for Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested Option Shares shall be forfeited provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may extend the exercise period and or accelerate vesting of any unvested Option Shares (provided that such exercise period does not extend beyond the original term of the Stock Option). Your termination date shall be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). 
 
 e. Immediately upon notice of termination of your employment for Cause, all unexercised Option Shares, whether vested or unvested, shall be forfeited. 
 
 f. The Option Shares, to the extent unexercised on the date following the end of any period described above or the term of the Stock Option set forth above in Section 2, shall thereupon be forfeited. 
 
 g. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, any termination of employment shall be effective as of the date your active employment ceases and shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 2 

h. Any one of your permitted transferee(s) (pursuant to Section 7 below) shall receive the rights herein granted subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. No transfer of this Stock Option shall be approved and effected by the Administrator unless (i) the Administrator shall have been timely furnished with written notice of such transfer and any copies of such notice as the Committee may deem, in its sole discretion, necessary to establish the validity of the transfer (ii) the transferee or transferees shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum and (iii) such transfer complies with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 i. If you are a resident or employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Stock Option and this Agreement are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Stock Option is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 j. If you reside or work in a country where the local foreign exchange rules and regulations require the repatriation of sale proceeds, the Company may require you to sell any Option Shares you acquire under the Plan immediately or within a specified period following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 5. Change in Control . To the extent that you have not entered into a Change in Control Agreement with the Company and except as the Administrator (as defined in the Plan) may otherwise determine, immediately prior to a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable. In addition, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately prior to the Change in Control unless the Stock Option is exercised coincident therewith or assumed in accordance with the immediately following sentence. If there is a surviving or acquiring entity, the Administrator may provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option by the acquiring or surviving entity or an affiliate thereof, on such terms as the Administrator determines. If there is no surviving or acquiring entity, or if the Administrator does not provide for a substitution or assumption of the Stock Option, any unvested portion of the Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable on a basis that gives you a reasonable opportunity to participate as a stockholder in the Change in Control. If you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Stock Option will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. 
 
 6. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 6, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 3 

(1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unexercised Stock Options, whether vested or unvested. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon exercise of the Stock Option may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 8. Transferability . Except as required by law, you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Stock Option granted under this Agreement other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or without payment of consideration to your Family Members or to trusts or other entities for the benefit of your Family Members. During your lifetime, the Stock Option is exercisable only by you, subject to Section 4 above. 
 
 9. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Stock Option, including the grant of the Stock Option, the vesting of the Stock Option, the exercise of the Stock Option, the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option and the receipt of any dividends, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Prior to the delivery of shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Stock Option that has an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 4 

Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding shares of Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Stock Option, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are withheld solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. By accepting the Stock Option, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon exercise resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the exercised Stock Option. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the Stock Option and any shares of Stock delivered in payment thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event, shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Stock Option is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 10. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are a resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 5 

11. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Stock Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Stock Options awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consent herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 6 

12. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Stock Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Stock Options, even if Stock Options have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Stock Options, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the Stock Option grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Stock Option is not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Stock Option resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Stock Option, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option will commence as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 7 

of your employment agreement, if any the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Stock Option, the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Stock Option or of any amount due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 
 13. Securities Laws . Upon the acquisition of any shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of the Stock Option, you will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws or with the Plan. 
 
 14. Not a Public Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option under the Plan nor the issuance of the underlying shares of Stock upon exercise of the Stock Option is intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law. 
 
 15. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding whether you should purchase shares of Stock under the Plan. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to purchase shares of Stock pursuant to the Stock Option, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Stock Option and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 16. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Stock Options) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to a personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Stock Option and participation in the Plan, or future grants of Stock Options that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 8 

prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Stock Option, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Stock Option translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 19. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Stock Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Stock Option, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 21. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 22. Choice of Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflicts of laws principles) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts where the grant of the Stock Option is made and or to be performed. 
 
 23. Award Subject to Plan Conflicts . The Stock Option granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 9 

Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Stock Option granted under this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Stock Option subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 25. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable 
 
 26. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Optionee have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the date and year first above written. 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Rev 12. 2021 
 11 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Stock Option is subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 19 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Stock Option and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 12 

The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Stock Option to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Stock Option, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 13 

for any reason, your vested Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) thirty (30) days from the date of termination of employment and (ii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 Acceptance of Stock Option . In order for the Stock Option to be subject to taxation at the time of grant, you must affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date by signing below and returning this original executed Addendum to 
 Boston Scientific Green Square Lambroekstraat 5D 1831 Diegem Belgium 
 Attn. Nathalie Derue 
 
 I hereby accept ________ (number) Option Shares underlying the Stock Option granted to me by the Company on the Grant Date. 
 The undersigned acknowledges that he she has been encouraged to discuss this matter with a financial and or tax advisor and that this decision is made in full knowledge. 
 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 Date of Acceptance _______________________________ 
 If you fail to affirmatively accept the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date, the Stock Option will not be subject to taxation at the time of grant but instead will be subject to taxation on the date you exercise the Stock Option (or such other treatment as may apply under Belgian tax law at the time of exercise). 
 
 Undertaking for Qualifying Option . If you are accepting the Stock Option in writing within 60 days after the offer date and wish to have the Stock Option subject to a lower valuation for Belgium tax purposes pursuant to the article 43, 6 of the Belgian law of 26 March 1999, you may agree and undertake to (a) not exercise the Stock Option before the end of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the offer date falls, and (b) not transfer the Stock Option under any circumstances (except upon on rights your heir might have in the Stock Option 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 14 

upon your death). If you wish to make this undertaking, you must sign below and return this executed Addendum to the address listed above. 
 Employee Signature _______________________________ 
 
 Employee Printed Name _______________________________ 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the Stock Option, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Stock Option, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Stock Option, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 Use of Previously Owned Shares . Notwithstanding any provision in Section 3 of the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if you are resident in Canada, you may not use previously-owned shares of Stock to pay the Grant Price or any Tax-Related Items in connection with the Stock Option. 
 
 Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 Tax Information . All or a portion of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option may be non-qualified securities within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada). 
 
 Nature of Grant. The following provision supplements Section 12(k) of the Agreement 
 
 For purposes of the Stock Options, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the earliest of (a) the date that your employment or service relationship with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated (b) the date that you receive a notice of 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 15 

termination of employment or service and (c) the date upon which you cease to actively provide services, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment legislation 
 explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Stock Options, if any, will terminate effective as of the last date of the minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHILE 
 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of the Stock Option constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the Grant Date. This offer of the Stock Option is made subject to general ruling N 336 of the Commission for the Financial Market (Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero, CMF ). The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the CMF, and, therefore, such securities are not subject to oversight of the CMF. Given that the Stock Option is not registered in Chile, the Company is not required to provide public information about the Stock Option or the shares of Stock in Chile. Unless the Stock Option and or the shares of Stock are registered with the CMF, a public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 16 

Esta oferta de opci n sobre acciones Opci n constituye una oferta privada de valores en Chile y se inicia en la Fecha de la Concesi n. Esta oferta de Opci n se acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Car cter General N 336 NCG 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF ). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta. Por tratarse los Opci nes de valores no registrados en Chile, no existe obligaci n por parte de la Compa a de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de los Opci nes or sus Acciones. Estos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 Limitations on Exercisability Following Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, in the event your employment terminates for any reason, your Stock Option will no longer be exercisable after the earlier of (i) the period set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement (ii) the last day of the 90 day period beginning on the date of termination of employment (or such earlier date as may be required by China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )) and (iii) the Expiration Date specified in Section 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company and its Affiliates in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 17 

The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Stock Option Upon Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Stock Option upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Nature of the Award . The Stock Option is not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-177 and seq. of the French commercial code. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 18 

Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Stock Option and shares of Stock issued upon exercise do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Stock Option is intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 Wages . The Stock Option and shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 Nature of Scheme . You understand that the Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). 
 
 INDIA 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 19 

IRELAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of Stock Options under the Plan does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 Plan . This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Grant of Stock Option, Exercise of Stock Option, Termination of Employment, Recoupment Policy, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPAN 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 KAZAKHSTAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This offer is addressed only to certain eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates in the form of Shares to be issued by the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Agreement has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 20 

this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 11 of the Agreement in its entirety 

Rev 12. 2021 
 21 

You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon exercise of the Stock Option may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Stock Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 
 Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian Opsyen saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Opsyen saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad Opsyen mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Opsyen saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896 elly.kho bsci.com. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 22 

MEXICO 
 
 Securities Law Information. You expressly recognize and acknowledge that the Company s grant of the Stock Option and the underlying shares of Stock under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Agreement and any other document relating to the Stock Option may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Employer in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in Section 12 of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Stock acquired at exercise of the Stock Option. 
 Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar la Opci n, Usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del contrato, incluyendo este Ap ndice, mismos que ha revisado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan, y del contrato, incluyendo este Ap ndice. Tambi n reconoce que ha le do y aprueba de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la secci n doce 12 del contrato que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan su participaci n en el mismo son ofrecidos por la Compa a de forma totalmente discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) La Compa a y sus afiliados no son responsables por cualquier disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones adquiridas al momento de tener derecho conforme a la Opci n. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 23 

Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Stock Option, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge your participation in the Plan, the grant of the Stock Option and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and your Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to yourself any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Reconocimiento de Ley Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar el Otorgamiento de la Opci n, Usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficinas registradas en 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es nicamente responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Usted adem s reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de Opci n y cualquier adquisici n de acciones de conformidad con el Plan no constituyen una relaci n de trabajo entre Usted y Boston Scientific Corporation, ya que Usted est participando en el Plan sobre una base totalmente comercial y su nico patr n es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-M xico ). Derivado de lo anterior, Usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarle de la participaci n en el Plan no establecen ning n derecho entre Usted y su Patr n, Boston Scientific-M xico, y no forman parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones otorgadas por Boston Scientific-M xico, y cualquier modificaci n al Plan o su terminaci n no constituir un cambio o perjuicio de los t rminos y condiciones de su trabajo. 
 Usted adem s entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo tanto Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar el Plan y o discontinuar su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para hacia Usted. 
 Finalmente, Usted declara que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno para presentar una reclamaci n o demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation por cualquier compensaci n o da o o perjuicio en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o los beneficios derivados del Plan y, por lo tanto, otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliados, afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 24 

accionistas, directores, funcionarios, agentes y representantes con respecto a cualquier reclamaci n o demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Stock Option, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with Boston Scientific Corporation and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (i) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (ii) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of a Stock Option which, upon exercise and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Prior to the exercise and settlement of the Stock Option, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 No interest in any Stock Option may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 25 

1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 5. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation , 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PERU 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of the Stock Option is considered a private offering in Peru therefore, it is not subject to registration. For more information concerning the grant, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Plan, the Agreement, and any other materials made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Additional Acknowledgement of Nature of Plan and the Stock Option . By accepting the Stock Option, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the Stock Option is being granted ex gratia by the Company. 
 
 PHILIPPINES 
 
 Mandatory Cashless Sell-All Exercise . As permitted under Section 3 of the Agreement and unless and until the Committee determines otherwise, the method of exercise of the Stock Option shall be limited to mandatory cashless, sell-all exercise. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 26 

PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ROMANIA 
 Language Consent . By accepting the grant of the Stock Option, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English and fully understand the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Agreement and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Consimtamant cu Privire la Limba . Accept nd acordarea op iune de stoc, recunoa te i c sunte i competen i n citirea i n elegerea limbii engleze i n elege i pe deplin termenii documentelor legate de subven ie (Acordul de acordare i planul), care au fost furnizate n limba englez . Accepta i termenii acestor documente n consecin . 
 RUSSIA 
 
 U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Stock Option shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon exercise of the Stock Option, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 Securities Law Information. You acknowledge that the Stock Option, the Equity Award and Acceptance Summary, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia and, therefore, neither the Stock Option nor the shares of Stock may be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. 
 Cashless Exercise Provision . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to restrict exercise of your Stock Option to a cashless exercise through a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company, such that all shares of Stock subject to the exercised Stock Option will be sold immediately upon exercise and the proceeds of sale, less the Grant Price, any Tax-Related Items and broker s fees or commissions, will be remitted to you in accordance with any applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 27 

Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 
 The repatriation requirement may not apply with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the Central Bank of Russia to be a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. 
 
 Anti-Corruption Notification . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of Stock of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, you should inform the Company if you are covered by these laws because you should not hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Information . If you continue to hold shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option after an involuntary termination of employment, you may not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. 
 Depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to restrict exercise of the Stock Option to a cashless sell-all exercise and or to pay any proceeds related to the Stock Option to you through local payroll. 
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 
 Securities Law Information. The grant of the Stock Option is not subject to the regulations concerning public offers and private placements under the Law on Capital Markets. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Stock Option under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Stock Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Stock Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer in is made (i) after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 28 

SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search . 
 2. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 3. Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This 
 document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - 
 Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 11 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 11 of the Agreement. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 In accepting the Stock Option grant, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 

Rev 12. 2021 
 29 

You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Stock Options under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Stock Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Stock Option and the shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the Stock Option grant shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the Stock Option grant, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Stock Option to the extent the Stock Option has not vested as of date you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Stock Option as of the date you cease active employment and any vested portion of the Stock Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in the Agreement will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Stock Option. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Tax Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 9 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Employer s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items as set forth in the Section 9 of the Agreement, in accepting the grant of the Stock Option, you authorize the Company to sell shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise of the Stock Option to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Stock Option (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 30 

available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 9 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation Section 9 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 31 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 9 of the Agreement. 
 
 Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 405238364-v3 NA_DMS 
 
 Rev 12. 2021 
 32 

</EX-10.76>

<EX-10.77>
 14
 ex1077-2022grantxrsuagreem.htm
 EX-10.77

Document 
 Exhibit 10.77 

Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 This Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation, (the Company in connection with the award of Restricted Stock Units (the Award by the Committee under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Plan. The applicable terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 
 
 1. Grant of Units . The Committee hereby grants you that number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you one share of Stock subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This Award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the provisions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum. 
 
 2. Vesting . The Units shall vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you in accordance with the schedule provided in your Equity Award and Acceptance Summary. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 below, the Units will vest, subject to the conditions described in Section 7 below. Shares of Stock for Units that vest in accordance with this Section 2 will be delivered to you within fifteen (15) days after the applicable vesting date but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date. No shares of Stock shall otherwise be issued to you prior to the date on which the Units vest. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company and or any of its Affiliates to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in your country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require you to sell such Stock immediately or within a specified time following your termination of employment (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). 
 
 3. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to you pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will you be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested with respect to such shares of Stock and the shares of Stock have been issued to you. 
 
 4. Death . In the event you terminate employment by reason of death, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your death shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued in accordance with your will or the laws of descent and distribution. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 4 will be delivered within sixty (60) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 1 

5. Retirement . If you terminate employment by reason of your Retirement, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your Retirement shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you, provided you have remained in continuous service with the Company or an Affiliate through the first anniversary of the Grant Date. In the event that your Retirement occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, all unvested Units shall immediately terminate and be forfeited in their entirety. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 5 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 In this regard, if you are a local national of and employed in a country that is a member of the European Union, the grant of the Units and the terms and conditions governing the Units are intended to comply with the age discrimination provisions of the EU Equal Treatment Framework Directive, as implemented into local law (the Age Discrimination Rules ). To the extent that a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of the Units is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under the Age Discrimination Rules, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to revise or strike such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted under local law. 
 
 6. Disability . If you terminate employment by reason of your Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law), any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination by reason of Disability shall immediately vest and shares of Stock shall be issued to you. Shares of Stock for Units which vest under this Section 6 will be delivered within thirty (30) days after your employment termination date. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment Certain Vesting Conditions . If your employment terminates for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that have not vested prior to the date of your termination shall terminate and be forfeited on the effective date of such termination, except if your employment terminates for Cause, in which case, all unvested Units shall be forfeited upon notice to you of your termination for Cause. Subject to Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement, the issuance of shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the applicable anniversary of the Grant Date as set forth in Section 2 above. For purposes of the vesting conditions set forth in this Agreement, the effective date of your termination shall be deemed to be the last day of your active service with the Company or an Affiliate (if applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, and for purposes of clarity, the date of your termination of employment shall not be extended by any statutory or common law notice of termination period. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . In the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control, any Units that have not vested prior to the Change in Control shall immediately vest and shares of Stock will be issued to you immediately prior to the Change in Control provided, however, that if you have entered into a Change in Control agreement with the Company, the Units will vest according to the provisions of the Change in Control agreement. In the event you have terminated employment with the Company or an Affiliate prior to a Change in Control as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement occurring on or after the first anniversary of the Grant Date, and the Change in Control occurs following your termination of employment, shares of Stock for any Units that have vested under Section 4, 5 or 6 but which have not yet been issued will be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specifically provided in any agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates with you pertaining to the effect of 
 Rev 12.2021 
 2 

a Change in Control on outstanding Awards which is in effect as of the Change in Control, if this Award is subject to and not exempt from the application of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and provides for settlement or payment upon a Change in Control, the definition of Change in Control shall be limited to events which qualify as a change in the ownership of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) provided, however, that this requirement shall not cause an event that would not otherwise be considered a Change in Control under the definition of a Change in Control under the Plan to be considered a Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 (b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection 
 Rev 12.2021 
 3 

with the issuance and delivery of the shares have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and you shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 13. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by holding back shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Units, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the 
 Rev 12.2021 
 4 

Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of Stock, shall be based on the value of the Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 14. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If you are resident or employed outside of the United States, you agree to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, you agree to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and the Employer, as may be required to allow the Company and the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, you agree to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with your personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 Rev 12.2021 
 5 

15. Data Privacy . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 6 

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying Shares, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing 
 Rev 12.2021 
 7 

services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 17. Not a Public Offering . The grant of the Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in your country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to the local securities authorities unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of the Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise you regarding your participation in the Plan or your acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock subject to the Units. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, you should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and you should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 20. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 21. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic 
 Rev 12.2021 
 8 

system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 22. Language . If you are resident outside of the United States, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 23. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable addendum to the Agreement (the Addendum ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum to this Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 24. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and your participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring you to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 25. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 26. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Committee specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Committee has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee retains the right to alter or modify the Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Committee may determine are in the best interests of the Company. You hereby accept the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agree that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and your heirs and legal representatives. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 9 

27. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute under the Agreement, including the Addendum, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Boston, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts and no other courts where the grant of the Units is made and or to be performed. 
 
 28. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 30. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 31. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be the one and the same instrument. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant have executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Michael F. Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 10 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 RELATING TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANTED 
 PURSUANT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 In addition to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Units are subject to the following additional terms and conditions. All defined terms contained in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. Pursuant to Section 23 of the Agreement, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country (if any) will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). 
 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 11 

The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Type of Offering . Neither the grant of the Units, nor the issuance of shares of Stock subject to the grant, constitutes a public offering. 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 Breach of Law . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, you will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a 
 Rev 12.2021 
 12 

legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), any other provision of that Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. 
 
 Tax Information . The Plan is a program to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 
 AUSTRIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Units, you agree that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to your employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income from the Units, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, all Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 
 Personal Data . This provision supplements Section 15 of the Agreement 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, any Affiliate and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 
 Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided that the sale of shares of Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 16(k) of the Agreement 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 13 

For purposes of the Units, your employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the earliest of (a) the date that your employment or service relationship with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated (b) the date that you receive a notice of termination of employment or service and (c) the date upon which you cease to actively provide services, regardless of any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under local law. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Units, if any, will terminate effective as of the last date of the minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 Language Consent . The following provision will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the present Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 CHILE 
 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of the Units constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the Grant Date. This offer of Units is made subject to general ruling N 336 of the Commission for the Financial Market (Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero, CMF ). The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the CMF, and, therefore, such securities are not subject to oversight of the CMF. Given that the Units are not registered in Chile, the Company is not required to provide public information about the Units or the shares of Stock in Chile. Unless the Units and or the shares of Stock are registered with the CMF, a public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 14 

Esta oferta de Unidades de Acciones Restringidas Units constituye una oferta privada de valores en Chile y se inicia en la Fecha de la Concesi n. Esta oferta de Units se acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Car cter General N 336 NCG 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF ). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta. Por tratarse los Units de valores no registrados en Chile, no existe obligaci n por parte de la Compa a de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de los Units or sus Acciones. Estos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 The following provisions govern your participation in the Plan if you are a national of the People s Republic of China China resident in mainland China, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 
 Shares of Stock Must Be Held with Designated Broker . All shares of Stock issued upon settlement of your Units will be deposited into a personal brokerage account established with the Company s designated broker, E TRADE (or any successor broker designated by the Company), on your behalf. You understand that you may sell the shares of Stock at any time after they are deposited in such account, however, you may not transfer the shares of Stock out of the brokerage account. If the Company changes its designated broker, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may transfer any shares of Stock issued under the Plan to the new designated broker, if necessary for legal or administrative reasons. You agree to sign any documentation necessary to facilitate the transfer of shares of Stock. 
 
 Mandatory Sale of Shares Following Termination of Employment . You are required to sell all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units no later than 90 days following your termination of employment with the Company and its Affiliates (or such earlier date as may be required by the China State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE )), in which case, this Addendum shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on your behalf). If any shares remain outstanding on the 90th day following your employment termination date (or such earlier date as may be required by SAFE), you hereby direct, instruct and authorize the Company to issue sale instructions on your behalf. 
 
 You agree to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the designated brokerage firm is under any obligation to arrange for such sale of shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the shares of Stock are sold, the sale proceeds, less any tax withholding, any broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 
 Exchange Control Restrictions . You understand and agree that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, you will be required immediately to repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may be effected through a special bank account established by the Company or its Affiliate, and you hereby consent and agree that proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan may be transferred 
 Rev 12.2021 
 15 

to such account by the Company on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 
 Administration . The Company shall not be liable for any costs, fees, lost interest or dividends or other losses you may incur or suffer resulting from the enforcement of the terms of this Addendum or otherwise from the Company s operation and enforcement of the Plan, the Agreement and the Award in accordance with Chinese law including, without limitation, any applicable SAFE rules, regulations and requirements. 
 
 The above requirements will not apply to non-Chinese nationals, unless otherwise required by the Company or by SAFE. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You acknowledge that, pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly held securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as making a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 16 

DENMARK 
 
 Treatment of Units upon Termination of Service . Notwithstanding any provisions in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Units upon your termination of employment shall be governed by the Danish Act on the Use of Rights to Purchase or Subscribe for Shares etc. in Employment Relationships (the Stock Option Act ), as in effect at the time of your termination of employment (as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion, in consultation with legal counsel). You acknowledge having received an Employer Information Statement in Danish, which is provided to comply with the Stock Option Act. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L. 225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Addendum or the Plan, the Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 
 
 Lapse of Restrictions . If, for any reason, shares of Stock are issued to you within six months after the Grant Date, you agree that you will not sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Stock prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE WARNING . The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the documents, you should obtain independent professional advice. The Units and shares of Stock issued at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong 
 Rev 12.2021 
 17 

law and are available only to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Units are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
 
 Wages . The Units and shares of Stock subject to the Units do not form part of your wages for the purposes of calculating any statutory or contractual payments under Hong Kong law. 
 
 Nature of the Program . The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ORSO ). To the extent any court, tribunal or legal regulatory body in Hong Kong determines that the Plan constitutes an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 Settlement in Shares . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, all Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and shall not be settled in cash). 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 Immediate Sale Restriction . Pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, when the Units vest, you understand and agree that all shares of Stock issued upon vesting immediately must be sold. You acknowledge and agree that the Company is authorized to issue sales instructions to the Company s designated broker on your behalf pursuant to this authorization, and you expressly authorize the broker to complete the sale. You also agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company s designated broker to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock and to cooperate with the Company and the Company s designated broker with respect to such matters. When the shares of Stock are sold, a portion of the resulting sale proceeds will be used to cover any Tax-Related Items required to be withheld and any brokerage fees and expenses associated with the sale. The remaining proceeds will be paid to you as soon as practicable. 
 
 You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the Company s designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the open market) and that brokerage fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. Due to fluctuations in the Stock price and or applicable exchange rates between the date the Units vest and (if later) the date on which the shares of Stock are sold, the amount of proceeds ultimately may be more or less than the market value of the shares of Stock on the date the Units vest. You understand and agree that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuations in the Stock price and or any applicable exchange rate. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 18 

Securities Law Information . The grant of Units under the Plan does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Plan . This provision supplements Section 16 of the Agreement 
 You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Vesting, Other Termination of Employment, Certain Vesting Conditions, Recoupment Policy, Issuance of Stock, Satisfaction of Tax Obligations, Nature of Grant, and Choice of Law and Venue. 
 JAPANHyperlink 'https urldefense.proofpoint.com v2 url u https-3A__us.etrade.com_home DQMGaQ ptMoEJ5oTofwe4L9tBtGCQ dqXjWr1ZkgMeQUKG5xPbfMpFSFecYMcz6uxhhZHJRU6iuwzyUxW2uCfy7XvygFjB iuAM0nNqCfilUazM_Aa47l6Xaj7hBqlwmt7IsxS7MCI 2E9ozXpVgHY9i5FUdeuo9WU0u0w8YIJ3qQW4Eo_Oh6k ' in document 'ex1056-2020grantxrsuagreem.htm' is not allowed. Return to your document and replace with a document hyperlink or URL beginning with https www.sec.gov Archives edgar data or https www.sec.gov ix doc. 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 KAZAKHSTAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This offer is addressed only to certain eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates in the form of shares of Stock to be issued by the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Agreement has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
 
 LEBANON 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan does not constitute the marketing or offering of securities in Lebanon pursuant to Law No. 161 (2011), the Capital Markets Law. Offerings under the Plan are being made only to eligible employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 
 MALAYSIA 
 
 Award Conditioned upon Election to Pay Taxes Directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board . You understand and agree that your Award is conditioned upon your completing, signing and submitting a letter to your Employer, indicating your election to pay any income tax or other tax liability arising in connection with taxable income recognized under the Plan directly to the Malaysian Inland Revenue Board. (You may contact your Employer to request a form letter for this purpose.) You understand that if you fail to file such an election letter with your Employer, your Award will be null and void. 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . This provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement in its entirety 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 19 

You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data, as described in this Addendum and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Company and Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Company and also by you through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. You understand that Data will be transferred to the current stock plan service providers or a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. You authorize the Company, the stock plan service provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the shares of Stock received upon vesting of the Units may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, limit the processing of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consent herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Company will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company may not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. Please take note that by electronically accepting this Agreement, you have confirmed that you explicitly, voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal data in accordance with the terms in this notification. However, if for any reason you do not consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to reject such consent by contacting your local human resources representative Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. Anda dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang diterangkan dalam Lampiran ini dan apa-apa bahan pemberian unit saham terhad yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Syarikat dan Ahli Gabungan untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Syarikat Ahli Gabungan mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer saham Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua unit saham terhad, atau apa-apa hak lain atas syer Biasa saham yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedahanda, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut Data ). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Syarikat dan juga oleh anda berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan. 
 Anda memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham semasa atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara anda. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896.Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa syer Biasa saham diterima semasa peletakhakan saham terhad unit mungkin didepositkan. Anda memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa sekiranya anda menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data, mengehadkan pemprosean Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya anda kemudian membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya anda dengan Syarikat tidak akan terjejas satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan andaadalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan unit saham terhad anda atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan anda untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, anda memahami bahawa anda boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan. 
 Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan menerima Perjanjian ini secara elektronik, anda mengesahkan bahawa anda secara eksplisit, sukarela, dan tanpa sebarang keraguan bersetuju dengan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pemindahan data peribadi anda mengikut terma-terma dalam notis ini. Walaubagaimanapun, jika atas apa-apa sebab-sebab tertentu anda tidak bersetuju dengan pemprosesan data peribadi anda, anda mempunyai hak untuk menolak persetujuan anda dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan anda Elly Kho, Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Suite 20-01, Metropolis Tower One, 9 North Buona Vista Drive, Singapore 138588 +(65) 6418 8896. 

MEXICO 
 
 Securities Law Information. You expressly recognize and acknowledge that the Company s grant of the Units and the underlying shares of Stock under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Agreement and any other document relating to the Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of the Employer in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant section of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 (1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting of the Units. 
 Reconocimiento del Contrato . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del Contrato con inclusi n de este Ap ndice, que le ha examinado. Usted reconoce, adem s, que usted acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Contrato. Usted tambi n reconoce que ha le do y, concretamente, y 
 Rev 12.2021 
 20 

aprobar de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la Naturaleza del Otorgamiento que claramente dispone lo siguiente 
 (1) Su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan y su participaci n en el Plan se ofrecen por Boston Scientific Corporation en su totalidad sobre una base discrecional 
 (3) Su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) Boston Scientific Corporation y sus afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna disminuci n en el valor de las acciones adquiridas en la adquisici n de los Unidades. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Units, you acknowledge that Boston Scientific Corporation, with registered offices at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Plan, the grant of Units and any acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between you and Boston Scientific Corporation because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and your sole employer is a Mexican legal entity Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Based on the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer, Boston Scientific-Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Boston Scientific-Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of Boston Scientific Corporation, therefore, Boston Scientific Corporation reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to you any action or right to bring any claim against Boston Scientific Corporation for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to Boston Scientific Corporation, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Reconocimiento de Ausencia de Relaci n Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar los Unidades, usted reconoce que Boston Scientific Corporation, con oficians registradas on 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752 , Estados Unidos de Am rica, es el nico responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Adem s, usted acepta que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de los Unidades y cualquier adquisici n de acciones en el marco del Plan no constituyen una relaci n laboral entre usted y Boston Scientific Corporation porque usted est participando en el Plan en su totalidad sobre una base comercial y su nico empleador es una sociedad mercantil Mexicana Boston Scientific-Mexico ). Derivado de lo anterior, usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pueden derivarse de la participaci n en el Plan no establece ning n derecho entre usted y su Empleador, Boston Scientific-Mexico, y que no forman parte de las condiciones de empleo y o prestaciones previstas por Boston Scientific-Mexico, y cualquier modificaci n del 
 Rev 12.2021 
 21 

Plan o la terminaci n de su contrato no constituir un cambio o deterioro de los t rminos y condiciones de su empleo. 
 Adem s, usted entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es causada por una decisi n discrecional y unilateral de Boston Scientific Corporation, por lo que Boston Scientific Corporation se reserva el derecho absoluto a modificar y o suspender su participaci n en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna para con usted. 
 Finalmente, usted manifiesta que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho que origine una demanda en contra de Boston Scientific Corporation, por cualquier compensaci n o da o en relaci n con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, y en consecuencia usted otorga un amplio y total finiquito a Boston Scientific Corporation, sus afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, directores, agentes y representantes legales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Waiver of Termination Rights . By accepting the Units, you hereby waive any and all rights to compensation or damages as a result of the termination of employment with the Company and the Employer for any reason whatsoever, insofar as those rights result or may result from (a) the loss or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements under the Plan, or (b) your ceasing to have rights under, or ceasing to be entitled to any awards under the Plan as a result of such termination. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Warning 
 
 This is an offer of Units which, upon vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, will be converted into shares of Stock. Shares of Stock give you a stake in the ownership of Boston Scientific Corporation. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If Boston Scientific Corporation runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing. 
 Prior to the vesting and settlement of the Units, you will not have any rights of ownership (e.g., voting or dividend rights) with respect to the underlying shares of Stock. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 22 

No interest in any Units may be transferred (legally or beneficially), assigned, mortgaged, charged or encumbered. 
 The shares of Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if you acquire shares of Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell them on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Stock. 
 
 You also are hereby notified that the documents listed below are available for review on sites at the web addresses listed below 
 1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 2. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent published financial statements (Form 10-Q or 10-K) and the auditor s report on those financial statements https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 3. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 5. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 A copy of the above documents will be sent to you free of charge on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PERU 
 
 Securities Law Information . The grant of Units is considered a private offering in Peru therefore, it is not subject to registration. For more information concerning the grant, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Plan, the Agreement, and any other materials made available by the Company. For more information regarding the Company, you acknowledge that you should refer to the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q available at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Additional Acknowledgement of Nature of Plan and the Units . By accepting the Units, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the Units are being granted ex gratia by the Company. 
 Rev 12.2021 
 23 

PHILIPPINES 
 
 Settlement in Cash . Pursuant Section 2 of the Agreement, the Company shall settle your Units in the form of a cash payment unless, at the time of vesting, share settlement does not trigger the need for any approval from and or filing with the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Language Consent . You hereby expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Por meio do presente, eu declaro expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que li, compreendi e livremente aceitei e concordei com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 ROMANIA 
 Language Consent . By accepting the grant of Units, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English and fully understand the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Agreement and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Consimtamant cu Privire la Limba . Accept nd acordarea unit ilor de Unit-uri, recunoa te i c sunte i competen i n citirea i n elegerea limbii engleze i n elege i pe deplin termenii documentelor legate de subven ie (Acordul de acordare i planul), care au fost furnizate n limba englez . Accepta i termenii acestor documente n consecin . 
 RUSSIA 
 U.S. Transaction . You understand that the Units shall be valid and this Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received by the Company in the United States. Upon vesting of the Units, any shares of Stock to be issued to you shall be delivered to you through a bank or brokerage account in the United States. In no event will shares of Stock be delivered to you in Russia instead, all shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units will be maintained on your behalf in the United States. You are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired at vesting directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 Securities Law Information. You acknowledge that the Units, the Equity Award and Acceptance Summary, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan have not and will 
 Rev 12.2021 
 24 

not be registered in Russia and, therefore, neither the Units nor the shares of Stock may be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. 
 Repatriation Requirements . You agree to promptly repatriate proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan to a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia if legally required at the time shares of Stock are sold and to comply with all applicable local foreign exchange rules and regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 The repatriation requirement may not apply with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the Central Bank of Russia to be a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. 
 Anti-Corruption Notification . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of Stock of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, you should inform the Company if you are covered by these laws because you should not hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Information . If you continue to hold shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Units after an involuntary termination of employment, you may not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. 
 Depending on the development of local regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to settle the Units in cash and or to pay any proceeds related to the Units to you through local payroll. 
 SAUDI ARABIA 
 
 Securities Law Information. The grant of the Units is not subject to the regulations concerning public offers and private placements under the Law on Capital Markets. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Private Placement . The grant of the Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is not regulated by any financial supervisory authority pursuant to any legislation in Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should note that the Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent sale of the shares of Stock in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the shares of Stock subject to the grant in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six months from the Grant Date or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Securities Law Information . In compliance with South African securities law, the documents listed below are available for review on the Company s external and internal sites at the web addresses listed below 
 Rev 12.2021 
 25 

1. Boston Scientific Corporation s most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) https www.sec.gov cgi-bin browse-edgar CIK bsx&owner exclude&action getcompany&Find Search. 
 
 2. The Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 3. Boston Scientific Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan Q&A Summary Sheet This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 
 4. Boston Scientific Corporation Equity Award and Acceptance Summary This document can be accessed at https us.etrade.com home - My Stock Plan - Holdings - click on a grant date and select View Grant Documents . 
 You acknowledge that you may have copies of the above documents sent to you, at no charge, on written request being mailed to Boston Scientific Corporation, attn Corporate Compensation, 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 You understand that you are advised to carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan and to contact your tax advisor for specific information concerning your personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. 
 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 
 Consent to Collection, Processing and Transfer of Personal Data . By electronically accepting this Agreement 
 
 1. You agree to the collection, use, processing and transfer of Data as described in Section 15 of the Agreement and 
 
 2. You agree to the processing of your unique identifying information (resident registration number) as described in Section 15 of the Agreement. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . This provision supplements the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 In accepting the grant of Units, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Units and the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Affiliates) and shall not be 
 Rev 12.2021 
 26 

considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made to you but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the grant of the Units shall be null and void. 
 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Units, your termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Units to the extent the Units have not vested as of date that you cease active employment. In particular, you understand and agree that any unvested Units as of the date you cease active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation or retirement prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on your Award. 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND THIS ADDENDUM. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Tax Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 13 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Employer s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items as set forth in the Section 13 of the Agreement, in accepting the grant of the Units, you authorize the Company to withhold shares of Stock or to sell shares of Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon settlement of the Units to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA. 
 
 Rev 12.2021 
 27 

TAIWAN 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Award and the shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Employees. The Award is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Securities Law Information . Under Turkish law, you are not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The shares of Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside Turkey and the shares of Stock may be sold through this exchange. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Plan is an employee equity incentive plan and is only being offered to select employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for distribution only to such employees and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered under the Plan. If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Income Tax and Social Insurance Contribution Withholding . The following provision shall supplement Section 13 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limitation Section 13 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay on your behalf to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Rev 12.2021 
 28 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision may not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax due is not collected from or paid by you within 90 days after the UK tax year in which an event giving rise to the indemnification described above occurs, the amount of any uncollected tax may constitute a benefit on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that you ultimately will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company and or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 13 of the Agreement. 
 
 Exclusion of Claim . You acknowledge and agree that you will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from your ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to the Award, whether or not as a result of your termination of employment (whether the termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss or diminution in value of the Award. Upon the grant of your Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any such entitlement. 
 
 405238353-v3 NA_DMS 
 Rev 12.2021 
 29 

</EX-10.77>

<EX-10.78>
 15
 ex1078-2022grantxtsragreem.htm
 EX-10.78

Document 
 Exhibit 10.78 

Boston Scientific Corporation 
 Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 Award Type Performance Share Unit Award Agreement Plan Name TSR PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM - 
 Award Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Total Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 
 
 INTENT TO GRANT 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), in connection with the Award of Performance Share Units by the Company under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in either the Plan or in the Total Shareholder Return Performance Share Program (the Program for the period beginning January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (the Performance Period ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby indicates its award to you that number of Performance Share Units (the Units set forth herein this Agreement (the Award ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you shares of the Company s common stock, par value USD 0.01 per share Stock ), subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. The Award is intended to be granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan and the Program. 
 
 2. Eligibility Conditions upon Award of the Units . You hereby acknowledge the intent of the Company to award the Units subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. 
 
 3. Satisfaction of Performance-Based Conditions . Subject to the eligibility conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Section 8 of this Agreement and Appendix B , and the satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth on Appendix A to this Agreement during the Performance Period, the 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

Company intends to award shares of Stock hereunder to you at the end of the Performance Period. Shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. Except as set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, no shares of Stock in settlement of the Units shall be issued to you prior to the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued hereunder, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. During the period prior to the issuance of shares of Stock, you will have no rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Stock, including no right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock underlying each Award. 
 
 5. Death or Disability . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law), prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. 
 
 6. Retirement . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1 to March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period on a prorated basis based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months that you worked during the Performance Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that you terminate your employment due to Retirement prior to January 1, 2023, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment -- Eligibility Conditions . If your employment with the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries is terminated or you separate from the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that remain subject to eligibility conditions shall be void and no shares of Stock shall be issued. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8, eligibility to be issued shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . Subject to the terms of any separate Change in Control or similar agreement to which you are bound, in the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2024, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units 
 -Rev. 12.2021 2 TSR Program 

set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months during the Performance Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to the consummation of the Change in Control divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to January 1, 2023, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability prior to a Change in Control and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2024, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 
 In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement prior to a Change in Control after December 31, 2022 and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis as determined under Section 6 based on actual performance using the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Change in Control is consummated as the ending date of the Performance Period in lieu of December 31, 2024, as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and if, in the judgment of the Board, you commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 3 TSR Program 

(b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with (ii) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (iii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by holding back shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Units, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, 
 -Rev. 12.2021 4 TSR Program 

without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of shares of Stock, shall be based on the value of the shares of Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 13. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 14. Limits on Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the eligibility conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded hereunder are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by you. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in 
 -Rev. 12.2021 5 TSR Program 

certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 15. Award Subject to the Plan and the Program . The Award to be made pursuant to this Agreement is made subject to the Plan and the Program. The terms and provisions of the Plan and the Program, as each may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of the Plan or the Program, the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan or Program will govern and prevail. However, no amendment of the Plan or the Program after the date hereof may adversely alter or impair the issuance of the shares of Stock to be made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 16. No Rights to Continued Employment . The Company s intent to issue the shares of Stock hereunder shall not confer upon you any right to continued employment or other association with the Company or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate your employment or other association with the Company or to change the terms of such employment or association at any time. 
 
 17. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 18. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable appendix to the Agreement (the Appendix ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Appendices to these Agreements, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Appendix shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 19. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts, where this Award is made and or to be performed . 
 
 20. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 6 TSR Program 

21. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 22. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 7 TSR Program 

APPENDIX A 
 
 PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Performance Share Units will pay out in shares of Stock in a range of 0 to 200 of the number of Performance Share Units as follows 
 
 TSR Performance 
 Percentile Rank 
 Performance Share Units as a Percent of Target 80th Percentile or above 200 50th Percentile 100 30th Percentile 40 Below 30 th Percentile 
 0 
 -Rev. 1.2021 TSR Program 

APPENDIX B 
 
 This Appendix B contains supplemental terms and conditions for awards of Units granted under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan to Participants who reside outside the United States or who are otherwise subject to the laws of a country other than the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 
 Section I of this Appendix B contains special terms and conditions that govern the Units outside of the United States. Section II of this Appendix B includes special terms and conditions in the specific countries listed therein. 
 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding exchange controls, taxation of awards and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws concerning the Units in effect as of December 2021. Such laws are often complex and change frequently the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Units or sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan. 
 
 In addition, this Appendix B is general in nature, does not discuss all of the various laws, rules and regulations which may apply to your particular situation and the Company does not assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country apply to your specific situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transferred employment after the Award was granted or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. In addition, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply under these circumstances (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable). 
 
 Section I. All Countries Outside the United States 
 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, you acknowledge that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Units granted under and participation in the Plan or future Units that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or to request your 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 Language . You hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 Section II. Country-Specific Terms and Conditions 
 
 COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 Data Privacy If you do not reside and or are not employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 COUNTRIES WITHIN THE EU EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 Data Privacy If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 

405238355-v3 NA_DMS 
 -Rev. 12.2021 TSR Program 

</EX-10.78>

<EX-10.79>
 16
 ex1079-2022grantxfcfagreem.htm
 EX-10.79

Document 
 Exhibit 10.79 

Boston Scientific Corporation Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 Award Type Performance Share Unit Award Agreement Plan Name FCF PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM 
 Award Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Total Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC 
 
 INTENT TO GRANT 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between you and Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), in connection with the Award of Performance Share Units by the Company under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in either the Plan or in the Free Cash Flow Performance Share Program (the Program for the performance period beginning January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2022 (the Performance Period and the three-year service period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (the Service Period ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby indicates its award to you that number of Performance Share Units (the Units set forth herein this Agreement (the Award ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to you shares of the Company s common stock, par value USD 0.01 per share Stock ), subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. The Award is intended to be granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan and the Program. 
 
 2. Eligibility Conditions upon Award of the Units . You hereby acknowledge the intent of the Company to award the Units subject to certain eligibility, performance and other conditions set forth herein. 
 
 3. Satisfaction of Performance-Based Conditions and Service Period . Subject to the eligibility conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Sections 5, 6 and 8 of this Agreement and Appendix B , and the 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth on Appendix A to this Agreement during the Performance Period, the Company intends to award shares of Stock hereunder to you at the end of the Service Period (December 31, 2024). Shares of Stock shall be issued within thirty (30) days following the end of the Service Period based on actual performance during the Performance Period as determined at the first Committee meeting following the end of the Performance Period. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8 of this Agreement, no shares of Stock in settlement of the Units shall be issued to you prior to the end of the Service Period. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued hereunder, shall be registered in your name and evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. During the period prior to the issuance of shares of Stock, you will have no rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Stock, including no right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock underlying each Award. 
 
 5. Death or Disability . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability (as the term is defined in the Plan or determined under local law) on or before the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued during the period January 1, 2023 to March 15, 2023, based on actual performance as determined at the first Committee meeting following the Performance Period. In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability after the end of the Performance Period, shares of Stock shall be issued within seventy (70) days following your termination of employment based on actual performance during the Performance Period. 
 
 6. Retirement . In the event that your employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates is terminated due to Retirement after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Service Period, shares of Stock shall be issued to you within seventy (70) days following your Retirement on a prorated basis based on actual performance. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of the Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months that you worked during the Service Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the Program. In the event that you terminate your employment due to Retirement prior to January 1, 2023, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. 
 
 7. Other Termination of Employment -- Eligibility Conditions . If your employment with the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries is terminated or you separate from the Company and its Affiliates or subsidiaries for any reason other than death, Retirement or Disability, any Units that remain subject to eligibility conditions shall be void and no shares of Stock shall be issued. Except as set forth in Sections 5, 6 and 8, eligibility to be issued shares of Stock is conditioned on your continuous employment with the Company or an Affiliate through and on the last day of the Service Period as set forth in Section 3 above. 
 
 8. Change in Control of the Company . Subject to the terms of any separate Change in Control or similar agreement to which you are bound, in the event you are employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the time of a Change in Control after December 31, 2022, but prior to the end of the Service Period, shares of Stock shall be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control on a prorated basis based on actual performance as determined by the Committee immediately prior to the consummation of 
 -Rev. 12.2021 2 FCF Program 

the Change in Control. The number of shares of Stock to be issued under the prorated Award shall be determined by calculating (a)(i) the number of Units set forth herein multiplied by (ii) the quotient of the number of full and partial months during the Service Period (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to the consummation of the Change in Control divided by 36, and then multiplying the product of (a)(i) and (a)(ii) by (b) the percentile performance amount, as calculated in accordance with terms of the Program. In the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to January 1, 2023, the Award shall be forfeited in its entirety. In the event that your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates prior to a Change in Control as a result of death, Disability, or Retirement occurring after December 31, 2022, and a Change in Control occurs after December 31, 2022, then shares of Stock for any Units that have vested under Section 5 or 6 but which have not yet been issued will be issued immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise specifically provided in any agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates with you pertaining to the effect of a Change of Control on outstanding Awards which is in effect as of the Change of Control, if this Award is subject to and not exempt from the application of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and provides for settlement or payment upon a Change in Control, the definition of Change in Control shall be limited to events which qualify as a change in the ownership of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v), or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) provided, however, that this requirement shall not cause an event that would not otherwise be considered a Change in Control under the definition of a Change in Control under the Plan to be considered a Change in Control. 
 
 9. Recoupment Policy . 
 
 (a) Current Recoupment Policy . Pursuant to the Company s recoupment policy and to the extent permitted by governing law, the Board, in its discretion, may seek Recovery of the Award granted to you if you are a Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer and you, in the judgment of the Board, commit misconduct or a gross dereliction of duty that results in a material violation of Company policy and causes significant harm to the Company while serving in your capacity as Executive Officer. 
 
 (i) Definitions . The following terms, when used in this Section 9, shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 (1) Current Executive Officer means any individual currently designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (2) Executive Officer means any Current Executive Officer or Former Executive Officer. 
 
 (3) Former Executive Officer means any individual previously (but not currently) designated as an executive officer by the Board under Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (4) Recovery means the forfeiture or cancellation of unvested Units. 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 3 FCF Program 

(b) Provisions Required by Law . If the Company subsequently determines that it is required by law to apply a clawback or alternate recoupment provision to outstanding Awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then such clawback or recoupment provision also shall apply to this Award, as applicable, as if it had been included on the Grant Date and the Company shall notify you of such additional provision. 
 
 10. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 11. Issuance of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with (ii) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (iii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 12. Satisfaction of Tax Obligations . Regardless of any action the Company or the Affiliate that employs you (the Employer (if applicable) takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge and agree that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if your country of residence (and or the country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to you, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by holding back shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Units, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. You will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. By accepting the grant of the Units, you expressly consent to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, you hereby authorize the Company (on your behalf and at your direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. You agree to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, 
 -Rev. 12.2021 4 FCF Program 

without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company or the Employer may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from your salary or any other amounts payable to you, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require you to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant of the Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are your sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. You agree to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without your consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that any settlement or payment of this Award occurs as a result of your termination of employment and the Company determines that you are a specified employee (as that term is defined under Code Section 409A) subject to Code Section 409A at the time your termination of employment, and provided further that such payment or settlement does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, then no such settlement or payment shall be paid to you until the date that is the earlier to occur of (i) your death, or (ii) six (6) months and one (1) day following your termination of employment. Any portion of this Award delayed as a result of the preceding sentence, which is (i) in whole or in part, settled in cash and (ii) based on the value of shares of Stock, shall be based on the value of the shares of Stock at the time the Award would have otherwise been settled or paid without application of the delay described in the preceding sentence. If this Award does not otherwise qualify for an applicable exemption from Code Section 409A, the terms Retirement , terminate, termination, termination of employment, and variations thereof as used in this agreement, are intended to mean a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service as such term is defined under Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, you are exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from this Award. 
 
 13. Investment Intent . You acknowledge that the acquisition of the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 14. Limits on Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the eligibility conditions of this Award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or by action of the Committee, the Units awarded hereunder are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by you. Transfers of shares of Stock by you are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable securities laws. Shares of Stock issued to you in 
 -Rev. 12.2021 5 FCF Program 

certificate form or to your book entry account upon satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of this Award may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon your book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 15. Award Subject to the Plan and the Program . The Award to be made pursuant to this Agreement is made subject to the Plan and the Program. The terms and provisions of the Plan and the Program, as each may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of the Plan or the Program, the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan or Program will govern and prevail. However, no amendment of the Plan or the Program after the date hereof may adversely alter or impair the issuance of the shares of Stock to be made pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 16. No Rights to Continued Employment . The Company s intent to issue the shares of Stock hereunder shall not confer upon you any right to continued employment or other association with the Company or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate your employment or other association with the Company or to change the terms of such employment or association at any time. 
 
 17. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principle executive offices of the Company and to you at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for you or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 18. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for your country of residence (and country of employment, if different) as are forth in the applicable appendix to the Agreement (the Appendix ). Further, if you transfer your residence and or employment to another country reflected in the Appendices to these Agreements, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate your transfer). Any applicable Appendix shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 19. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and no other courts, where this Award is made and or to be performed . 
 
 20. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 6 FCF Program 

21. Severability . You agree that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 22. Waiver . You understand that the waiver by the Company with respect to your compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 -Rev. 12.2021 7 FCF Program 

APPENDIX A 
 
 PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Performance Share Units will pay out in shares of Stock in a range of 0 to 150 of the number of Performance Share Units as follows 
 
 Performance 
 Percent to Plan 
 Units Vesting 125 or above 150 110 120 100 100 90 80 50 25 Less than 50 0 

-Rev. 1.2021 FCF Program 

APPENDIX B 
 This Appendix B contains supplemental terms and conditions for awards of Units granted under the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan to Participants who reside outside the United States or who are otherwise subject to the laws of a country other than the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 Section I of this Appendix B contains special terms and conditions that govern the Units outside of the United States. Section II of this Appendix B includes special terms and conditions in the specific countries listed therein. 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding exchange controls, taxation of awards and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws concerning the Units in effect as of December 2021. Such laws are often complex and change frequently the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Units or sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan. 
 In addition, this Appendix B is general in nature, does not discuss all of the various laws, rules and regulations which may apply to your particular situation and the Company does not assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country apply to your specific situation. 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transferred employment after the Award was granted or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. In addition, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply under these circumstances (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable). 
 Section I. All Countries Outside the United States 
 Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 
 (d) the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

the Company, the Employer or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) 
 
 (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (g) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (h) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of your employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Units, the underlying shares of Stock and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (k) for purposes of the Units, your employment or other service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Units under this Agreement, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Unit grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence) and 
 (l) the following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Units granted under and participation in the Plan or future Units that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or to request your 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 Language . You hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language and understand the terms of this Agreement or have had the ability to consult with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language. If you have received this Agreement and any applicable Appendix, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your or your broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in your country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed insider information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Keep in mind that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any restrictions and are advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Section II. Country-Specific Terms and Conditions 
 COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA ), UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 Data Privacy . If you do not reside and or are not employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including (but not limited to) your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to you or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. 
 You authorize the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Units. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 
 COUNTRIES WITHIN THE EU EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND 
 
 Data Privacy If you reside and or are employed in the EU EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the following provision applies 
 
 Pursuant to applicable personal data protection laws, the Company and the Employer hereby notify you of the following in relation to your Personal Data (defined below) and the collection, processing and transfer in electronic or other form of such Personal Data in relation to the grant of the Units and your participation in the Plan. The collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data is necessary for the legitimate purpose of the Company and the Employer s administration of the Plan and your participation in the Plan, and your denial and or objection to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data may affect your participation in the Plan. As such, by accepting the Award, you acknowledge the collection, use, processing and transfer of Personal Data as described herein. 
 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer hold certain personally identifiable information about you, specifically, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Personal Data ). The Personal Data may be provided by you to or collected, where lawful, from third parties. The Company or the Employer each act as controllers of the Personal Data and will process the Personal Data in this context for the exclusive legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and meeting related legal obligations associated with these actions. 
 
 The processing will take place through electronic and non-electronic means according to logics and procedures correlated to the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will be accessible within the Company s organization only by those persons requiring access for purposes of the implementation, administration and operation of the Plan and other aspects of the employment relationship and for participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Company and the Employer will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan, and the Company and the Employer may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company or the Employer in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including E TRADE Securities LLC and its affiliates or any successor or other third party that the Company, the Employer or E TRADE Securities LLC (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. These recipients may be located in the EU, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. By participating in the Plan, you understand that these recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Personal Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Personal Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on your behalf to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. You further understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of your Personal Data by contacting your local Human Resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. When transferring Personal Data to these potential recipients, the Company and the Employer provide appropriate safeguards in accordance with EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other legally binding and permissible arrangements. You may request a copy of such safeguards from your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 
 To the extent provided by law, you may, at any time, have the right to request access to Personal Data, rectification of Personal Data, erasure of Personal Data, restriction of processing of Personal Data, and portability of Personal Data. You may also have the right to object, on grounds related to a particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data, as well as opt-out of the Plan herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your Human Resources manager. Your provision of Personal Data is a contractual requirement. You understand, however, that the only consequence of refusing to provide Personal Data is that the Company may not be able to grant the Units to you, or grant other equity awards or administer or maintain such equity awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to provide Personal Data, you understand that you may contact your local human resources manager or the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

When the Company and the Employer no longer need to use Personal Data for the purposes above or do not need to retain it for compliance with any legal or regulatory purpose, each will take reasonable steps to remove Personal Data from their systems and or records containing the Personal Data and or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can longer be identified from it. 
 
 FRANCE 
 Nature of the Award . The Units are not granted under the French specific regime provided by Articles L225-197-1 and seq. or L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the French commercial code, as amended. 
 Use of English Language . You acknowledge and agree that it is your express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez et consentez que c est votre souhait expr s qui cet accord, de meme que tous documents, toutes notifications et tous proc d s l gaux est entr dans, donn ou institut conform ment ci-annex ou relatant directement ou indirectement ci-annex , est formul dans l anglais. 

405238356-v3 NA_DMS 
 -Rev. 12.2021 FCF Program 

</EX-10.79>

<EX-10.80>
 17
 ex1080-2022grantxrsabodawa.htm
 EX-10.80

Document 
 Exhibit 10.80 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of shares set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Restricted Stock of the Company s Stock, subject to the restrictions set forth below. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Shares of Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 12 below. 
 
 3. Lapse of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control of the Company), shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall become free of the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder shall be evidenced in the manner as the Company may determine. Any shares of Stock issued shall be registered in the name of the Participant and any certificates representing those shares of Stock may be held by the Company and not be delivered to the Participant until the lapse of all forfeiture restrictions with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock. The Participant agrees to deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if so requested by the Company. During the period that shares of Restricted Stock are subject to forfeiture (subject, however, to Section 12 of this Agreement relating to 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

limits on transferability), the Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to receive dividends and the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock. 
 
 5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall be free of restrictions pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such shares of Restricted Stock shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that have not been delivered to the Participant shall be immediately and automatically forfeited to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, cause means a felony conviction of the Participant or the failure of the Participant to contest prosecution for a felony, or the Participant s misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 
 6. Change in Control of the Company . In the event of a Change in Control of the Company, any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder that remain subject to forfeiture shall immediately be free of restrictions. 
 
 7. Consideration for Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock are being issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Legend on Certificate . The certificates representing the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, if delivered to the Participant prior to the lapse of the forfeiture restrictions, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form 
 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of common stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of a Boston Scientific Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan and a Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Boston Scientific Corporation. Copies of the Plan and Agreement are on file in the offices of Boston Scientific Corporation at 300 Boston Scientific Way, Marlborough, MA 01752, USA. 
 
 In addition, certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock shall also bear an Affiliate Legend. 
 2 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

9. Delivery of Stock . The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder until (i) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations as the Company may deem applicable have been complied with, and (ii) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares of Restricted Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 10. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. If the Participant elects pursuant to Code Section 83(b) to recognize taxable income in connection with the award of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement, the Participant must notify the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (with a copy to the Company) of such election in writing within thirty (30) days of the Grant Date and must pay in cash to the Company the amount of withholding and other tax obligations associated with the election or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock award, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the award to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold Tax-Related Items required by law to be withheld with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock awarded hereunder from any compensation or other amount owing to the Participant, as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all such Tax-Related Items, requirements and withholding obligations. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 11. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Restricted Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 12. Limits on Transferability . Until the restrictions imposed upon the Restricted Stock by this Agreement lapse in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the shares of Restricted Stock awarded and accepted hereby are not transferable and shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, gifted, 
 3 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

hypothecated or otherwise disposed of or encumbered by the Participant. Transfers of shares of Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and any applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 13. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Restricted Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 14. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all shares of Restricted Stock awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list 
 4 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant shares of Restricted Stock or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 15. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of shares of Restricted Stock is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of shares of Restricted Stock, even if shares of Restricted Stock have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of shares of Restricted Stock, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 5 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

(d) the grant of the shares of Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, the award of shares of Restricted Stock hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the shares of Restricted Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the shares of Restricted Stock resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the shares of Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Restricted Stock or of any amount due to the Participant upon lapse of restrictions on the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired. 
 
 16. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Restricted Stock under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Restricted Stock is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or 
 6 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Restricted Stock and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 19. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock and participation in the Plan or future grants of Restricted Stock that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 20. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Restricted Stock, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Restricted Stock translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 21. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). 
 7 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 22. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Restricted Stock, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 23. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 24. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Restricted Stock subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 8 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

25. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 26. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 27. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 28. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 29. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 9 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Shares TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 405238369-v3 NA_DMS 
 10 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

</EX-10.80>

<EX-10.81>
 18
 ex1081-2022grantxrsubodawa.htm
 EX-10.81

Document 
 Exhibit 10.81 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 

This Agreement, dated as of the OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - (the Grant Date ), is between Boston Scientific Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the person whose name appears on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Participant ), a non-employee director of the Company. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Company s Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Award . The Company hereby awards to the Participant that number of Restricted Stock Units set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement (the Units ). Each Unit represents the Company s commitment to issue to the Participant one share of Stock, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. This award is granted pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby accepts the award of Units. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Units awarded hereunder shall be subject to the forfeiture restrictions described in Section 5 hereof and the limits on transferability described in Section 11 below. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5 hereof (relating to a Separation From Service (as defined in the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Director Deferred Compensation Plan )) and Section 6 hereof (relating to a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan)), the Units awarded hereunder shall vest in full on the last day of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company. 
 
 4. Participant s Rights in Stock . The shares of Stock, if and when issued to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, shall be registered in the Participant s name and evidenced in a manner as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. Under no circumstance will the Participant be deemed, by virtue of the granting of the Units, to be a holder of any shares of Stock underlying the Units or be entitled to the rights or privileges of a holder of such shares of Stock (including the right to receive dividends or vote the shares of Stock), unless and until the Units have vested and the underlying shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant. 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

5. Separation From Service . If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) from the Company for any reason other than for cause prior to the end of the Participant s current term as a non-employee director of the Company, any Units awarded hereunder that remain unvested shall vest pro rata based on the number of months of service completed by the Participant (rounded up to the nearest whole month) prior to such Separation From Service, and the remainder of such Units shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. If the Participant experiences a Separation From Service from the Company for cause, any Units awarded hereunder that have not been settled shall be immediately and automatically forfeited. For purposes of this Agreement, cause means a felony conviction of the Participant or the failure of the Participant to contest prosecution for a felony, or the Participant s misconduct or dishonesty that is harmful to the business or reputation of the Company. 
 
 6. Change in Control Event . In the event of a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan), any unvested Units shall immediately vest in full. 
 
 7. Consideration for Stock . The shares of Stock subject to the Units are intended to be issued for no cash consideration. 
 
 8. Issuance of Stock . Shares of Stock will be issued in settlement of vested Units within sixty (60) days after the earlier of (i) a Change in Control Event or (ii) the Participant s Separation From Service (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined in the Director Deferred Compensation Plan) at the time of his Separation From Service, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Participant s Separation From Service is by reason of the Participant s death, then any Units that becomes payable under the Plan due to the Participant s Separation From Service will be paid six (6) months and one (1) day after the date on which the Participant s Separation From Service occurs. 
 
 The Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock until (a) all United States U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations, as the Company may deem applicable, have been complied with (b) the shares of Stock have been listed or authorized for listing upon official notice to the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or have otherwise been accorded trading privileges and (c) all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of the shares of Stock have been approved by the Company s legal department. 
 
 Further, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant resides outside the United States, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the 
 2 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

form of a cash payment to the extent that settlement in shares of Stock is prohibited under local law or would require the Company to obtain the approval of or complete any legal or regulatory filing with any governmental and or regulatory body in the Participant s country of residence. Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, settle the Units in the form of shares of Stock but require the Participant to sell such shares of Stock immediately or within a specified time following the Participant s Separation From Service (in which case, this Agreement shall give the Company the authority to issue sales instructions on the Participant s behalf). 
 
 9. Responsibility for Taxes Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be responsible for the payment of any and all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance or other taxes of any kind Tax-Related Items required by law to be paid with respect to the grant, vesting and settlement of Units hereunder, including, without limitation, the payment of any applicable withholding, Self-Employment Contributions Act of 1954, as amended, and similar taxes or obligations. The Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units or the shares of Stock issued upon vesting of the Units, and (b) does not commit to structure the terms of the Award (or any aspect of the Units) to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Upon the issuance of shares of Stock or the satisfaction of any vesting condition with respect to the shares of Stock to be issued hereunder, if the withholding of Tax-Related Items is required, the Company may hold back from the total number of shares of Stock to be delivered to the Participant, and shall cause to be transferred to the Company, whole shares of Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Stock, or to the extent it would not result in adverse accounting treatment, the Company may, in its sole discretion, hold back shares of Stock based on a rate of up to the maximum applicable withholding rate. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by holding back shares of Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Units, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. The Participant will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision. By accepting the grant of Units, the Participant expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Stock and or cash as provided for hereunder. 
 
 Alternatively, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company (on the Participant s behalf and at the Participant s direction pursuant to this authorization) to immediately sell a sufficient whole number of shares of Stock acquired upon vesting resulting in sale proceeds sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. The Participant agrees to sign any 
 3 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated brokerage firm) to effectuate the sale of the shares of Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds to the Company to satisfy the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld). Further, the Company may, in its discretion, withhold any amount necessary to pay the Tax-Related Items from the Participant s compensation or any other amounts payable to the Participant, with no withholding of shares of Stock or sale of shares of Stock, or may require the Participant to submit a cash payment equivalent to the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the Units. 
 
 All other Tax-Related Items related to the grant or vesting of Units and any shares of Stock delivered in settlement thereof are the Participant s sole responsibility. In no event shall whole shares of Stock be withheld by or delivered to the Company in satisfaction of any Tax-Related Items in excess of the maximum statutory tax withholding required by law. The Participant agrees to indemnify the Company and its Affiliates against any and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses that the Company and its Affiliates may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay with respect to the payment or withholding of any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Units are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. The Plan and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A and that it has failed to comply with the requirements of that Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without the Participant s consent, amend this Agreement to cause it to comply with Code Section 409A or be exempt from Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any action or inaction by the Administrator, the Participant is exclusively responsible for any tax consequences under Code Section 409A resulting from the award of Units. 
 
 10. Investment Intent . The Participant acknowledges that the acquisition of the Units and underlying shares of Stock is for investment purposes without a view to distribution thereof. 
 
 11. Transferability Restrictions on Shares Legend on Certificate . Until the vesting conditions of this award have been satisfied and shares of Stock have been issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Addendum or by action of the Administrator, the Units awarded under this Agreement are not transferable and the Participant shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, gift, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Units awarded under this Agreement. Transfers of shares of Stock by the Participant are subject to the Company s Stock Trading Policy and applicable laws, rules and regulations. Shares of Stock issued to the Participant in certificate form or to the Participant s book entry account upon settlement of the Units may be restricted from transfer or sale by the Company and evidenced by stop-transfer instructions upon the Participant s book entry account or restricted legend(s) affixed 
 4 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

to certificates in the form as the Company or its counsel may require with respect to any applicable restrictions on sale or transfer. 
 
 12. Repatriation and Legal Tax Compliance Requirements . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant agrees to repatriate all payments attributable to the Units and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the award) in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company, as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence. 
 
 13. Data Privacy . The Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including (but not limited to) the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), nationality, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Units awarded to the Participant or any other entitlements to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including but not limited to E TRADE Securities LLC E TRADE or any successor or any other third party that the Company or E TRADE (or its successor) may engage to assist with the administration of the Plan from time to time. The Participant understands the recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant s country. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with 
 5 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Units. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later revokes his or her consent, the Participant s service with the Company will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Participant Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company s Vice President, Total Rewards. 
 
 14. Nature of Grant . By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants or benefits in lieu of Units, even if Units have been granted in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator 
 6 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

(d) the grant of the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not be interpreted to form a contractual or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates further, the award of Units hereunder shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued service as a director of the Company and this Agreement shall not be construed in any way to limit the rights of the Company or its shareholders pursuant to the organizational documents of the Company and applicable law 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the future value of the underlying shares of Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (g) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from the termination of the service relationship and 
 
 (h) the following provisions apply only if the Participant is resident outside the United States (A) the Units, the underlying shares of Stock, and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose and (B) the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Units or of any amount due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 15. Not a Public Offering . If the Participant is resident outside the United States, the grant of Units under the Plan is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings to securities authorities outside the United States unless otherwise required under local law, and the grant of Units is not subject to the supervision of securities authorities outside the United States. 
 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . No Employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the shares of Stock. Investment in shares of Stock involves a degree of risk. Before deciding whether to participate in the Plan, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Stock under the Plan, and the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Units and the Plan. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 7 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

17. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . The Participant acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or his or her broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to those shares of Stock (e.g., Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock (e.g., phantom awards, futures) during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company, as defined in the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed insider information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any restrictions and is advised to speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery of Documents . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Units and participation in the Plan or future grants of Units that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means unless otherwise prohibited by local law. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party-designated by the Company. 
 
 19. Language . If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant s express intent that this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Units, be drawn up in English. The Participant acknowledges that he she is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement or has had the ability to consult with an advisor who is proficient in the English language. If the Participant has received this Agreement and any applicable Addendum, the Plan or any other documents related to the Units translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 20. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of residence as are forth in an applicable addendum to the Agreement, if any (the Addendum ). 
 8 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

Further, if the Participant transfers residence to another country reflected in an Addendum to the Agreement, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer of residence). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Additional Requirements . The Administrator reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Units, any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Units and the Participant s participation in the Plan to the extent the Administrator determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Units or the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 22. Legal Notices . Any legal notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its General Counsel at the principal executive offices of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 
 23. Award Subject to the Plan Conflicts . The award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement and any applicable Addendum is subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. This Agreement contains terms and provisions established by the Administrator specifically for the grant described herein. Unless the Administrator has exercised its authority under the Plan to establish specific terms of an Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Administrator retains the right to alter or modify the award of Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as the Administrator may determine are in the best interests of the Company. The Participant hereby accepts the Units subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all decisions under, and interpretations of, the Plan and this Agreement by the Administrator, Committee or the Board shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 24. Governing Law and Venue . The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof) and applicable federal laws. For the purpose of 
 9 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the state courts of Massachusetts or the federal courts of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. 
 
 25. Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 26. Severability . The Participant agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 27. Waiver . The Participant understands that the waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach of such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 28. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to the one and the same instrument. 
 
 remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 10 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its duly authorized officer, has executed and delivered this Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Number of Units TOTAL_UNITS_GRANTED - 
 
 BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 

Name Michael F. Mahoney 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signed via electronic signature 
 
 BY ELECTRONICALLY ACCEPTING THE AWARD, THE PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT (i) SUCH ACCEPTANCE CONSTITUTES THE PARTICIPANT S ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE IN EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT (ii) THE PARTICIPANT AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iii) THE PARTICIPANT HAS REVIEWED THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM IN THEIR ENTIRETY, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN THE ADVICE OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THE AWARD AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM (iv) THE PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN PROVIDED WITH A COPY OR ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO A COPY OF THE U.S. PROSPECTUS FOR THE PLAN AND (v) THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY AGREES TO ACCEPT AS BINDING, CONCLUSIVE AND FINAL ALL DECISIONS OR INTERPRETATIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OR ITS DULY AUTHORIZED DELEGATE UPON ANY QUESTIONS ARISING UNDER THE PLAN, THE AGREEMENT AND ANY ADDENDUM. 
 
 405238328-v3 NA_DMS 
 11 
 -Rev. 12.2021 

</EX-10.81>

<EX-10.83>
 19
 ex1083-offerletterartbutch.htm
 EX-10.83

Document 

Exhibit 10.83 

April 1, 2022 
 
 Arthur Butcher 
 ADDRESS LINE 
 ADDRESS LINE 
 
 Dear Art 
 Congratulations on your promotion to Executive Vice President and Group President, Medsurg and APAC effective May 2, 2022. You will continue to be a member of Boston Scientific s Executive Committee, an executive officer under the U.S. federal securities laws and an officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. You will continue to report to Michael Mahoney, Chairman, President and CEO. This letter and the Agreement Concerning Employment summarize our understanding of the terms of your employment. We look forward to you formally accepting this offer. 
 COMPENSATION Boston Scientific s compensation programs provide our employees with significant compensation opportunities on a pay for performance basis. The objective of these programs is to recognize and reward both individual and company performance during the performance year (defined as January 1st through December 31st of each year). 
 Base Salary Your base salary for this position will be 25,000.00 currently payable bi-weekly, equivalent to 650,000 on an annualized basis. Your performance and base salary will generally be reviewed on an annual basis during the normal executive review process and approved by the Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committee. Your next performance and base salary review will be conducted during the normal executive review process, expected to commence in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Annual Bonus Plan You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Boston Scientific Corporation Annual Bonus Plan, subject to its terms. The Annual Bonus Plan provides employees with the opportunity for a variable financial incentive in recognition of performance each year. Your 2022 annual target incentive will be increased from 70 to 75 of your base salary. Your actual award will be based on your achievement of individual goals and the company's achievement of corporate performance goals. Under the plan, generally you must be an employee on the date of payment to be eligible to earn and receive any bonus payment. 
 Deferred Bonus Plan You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Bonus Plan starting in 2022, subject to its terms. This plan allows you to save additional tax-deferred money for your future by deferring a portion of your annual bonus awarded under the Annual Bonus Plan. Specifically, under the plan, on an annual basis, you can elect to defer up to 75 of the Annual Bonus Plan bonus awarded to you subject to the provisions of the Plan. The open enrollment will be in June 2022 for the 2022 plan year (paid in Q1 2023) and every subsequent year following for which you are eligible 
 
 Promotional Equity Grant As part of this offer, we are offering you an equity incentive award having a total value of 700,000 on the date of grant, which we expect to be May 2, 2022, subject to the approval of the Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committee. Your award will be made pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2011 Boston Scientific Long-Term Incentive Plan (2011 LTIP) and the relevant award agreement. The equity incentive award could be in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) or non-qualified stock options or a mix of both RSUs and non-qualified stock options, depending on your preference. Both RSUs and non-qualified options will vest 25 per year, beginning on first anniversary of date of grant, and options expire on the 10 th anniversary of the grant date. The election form will be sent under separate cover shortly after you have formally accepted this offer. 
 
 Thereafter, y our performance and entitlement to long term incentive compensation grants will be reviewed in the normal course, on an annual basis. The mix of stock vehicles and target value for your level will be evaluated annually by the Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Boston Scientific Board of Directors. The current program provides for an equal mix of Total Shareholder Return Performance Shares (TSR PSP), Free Cash Flow Performance Shares (FCF PSP), Restricted Stock Units (RSU s) and Non-Qualified Stock Options. 

BENEFITS You will remain eligible to continue participation in all benefit programs for which you were previously eligible and enrolled. Boston Scientific reserves the right to change and or terminate any aspect of our benefit offerings, including employer contributions toward benefits. 
 EMPLOYMENT AT WILL 
 You will remain an at will employee of Boston Scientific. This means that you remain free to resign at any time. Likewise, Boston Scientific will continue to have the right to terminate your employment at any time, with or without reason or notice. Acceptance of this transfer acknowledges your continued understanding and acceptance of the at will nature of your employment. 

ACCEPTANCE This offer is contingent upon the following 
 An acceptance no later than April 4, 2022 A signed Agreement Concerning Employment 
 Please indicate your acceptance by acknowledging below. 
 Art, we would like to congratulate you on this well-deserved promotion and wish you continued success. We look forward to your acceptance of this offer. 
 Sincerely, 
 s Michael F. Mahoney 
 Michael F. Mahoney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Agreed to and Accepted by s Arthur Butcher Date 4 2 2022 Arthur Butcher 
 
 Enclosures 
 Agreement Concerning Employment 

</EX-10.83>

<EX-10.84>
 20
 ex1084-offerletterjeffmirv.htm
 EX-10.84

Document 
 Exhibit 10.84 

One Boston Scientific Place 
 Natick, MA 01760-1537 
 508 . 650.8000 

December 11, 2012 
 
 Mr . Jeffrey Mirviss 
 ADDRESS LINE 
 ADDRESS LINE 
 
 Dear Jeff 
 
 Based on your role within Boston Scientific, we are very pleased to offer you the position of Senior Vice President and President, Peripheral Interventions reporting to Michael Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2013. As part of this offer, you will become a member of Boston Scientific's Executive Committee . Upon acceptance of this offer, you will be provided the following relative to compensation and benefits 
 
 BASE SALARY 
 Your base salary will be 13,076.93 currently payable bi-weekly, equivalent to 340,000 on an annualized basis . This base pay increase is inclusive of any 2013 CMS merit award . Your performance and compensation will continue to be reviewed on an annual basis starting with the 2014 CMS cycle. 
 
 ANNUAL BONUS PLAN 
 The Boston Scientific performance year currently runs from January 1st through December 31st of each year . The Boston Scientific Corporation Annual Bonus Plan provides employees with the opportunity for a variable financial incentive in recognition of performance in a given year . Per the current plan, your 2013 annual target incentive will be increased from 45 to 50 of base salary. Your actual award will be based on your achievement of individual goals and the company's achievement of corporate performance goals. Under the current plan, you must be an active employee on the date of payment to receive any award pay-out under the plan. 
 
 ANNUAL EQUITY PROGRAM 
 You will continue to be eligible for consideration for an annual equity incentive as per Boston Scientific's Long Term Incentive Program during the normal executive review process. An award will depend on both company and individual performance . The current program provides for a mix of performance shares, options , and deferred stock units. 
 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 Boston Scientific also provides Change in Control agreements to its key executives. In general, the Change in Control agreement entitles you as a member of our Executive Committee to a lump sum payment of three times your base salary and assumed on-plan incentive bonus if either your employment is terminated (other than for cause) or if your duties are diminished following a change in control of Boston Scientific. A copy of the Executive Committee level agreement will be distributed to you in the coming weeks. 
 
 EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
 As an Executive Committee Member, if you Retire from Boston Scientific (as that term is defined in our Executive Retirement Plan), you may be eligible to receive certain Executive Committee level benefits provided under that plan. A copy of Boston Scientific's Executive Retirement Plan is attached for your information. 
 
 DEFERRED BONUS PROGRAM 
 You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Boston Scientific Corporation Deferred Bonus Plan. This plan allows you to save additional tax-deferred money for your future by deferring a portion of your annual bonus awarded under the Annual Bonus Plan. Specifically, under the plan, on an annual basis, you can elect to defer up to 75 of the Annual Bonus Plan bonus awarded to you starting with 2013 or any subsequent year. 

BENEFITS 
 You will continue to be eligible for Boston Scientific's current U.S. benefit programs. Please understand that the company reserves the right to unilaterally amend or terminate any of these programs, or to require or change employee premium contributions toward benefits. 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AT WILL 
 Upon acceptance of this offer you will remain an at will employee of Boston Scientific. This means that you will be free to resign at any time. Likewise, Boston Scientific will have the right to terminate your employment at any time 

Exhibit 10.84 

with or without reason or notice. Acceptance of this offer acknowledges your understanding and acceptance of the at will nature of your employment. 
 
 ACCEPTANCE 
 This offer letter is contingent upon the following 
 An acceptance date of no later than December 14, 2012 
 Your immediate signing of the 2012 Agreement Concerning Employment. 
 
 Jeff, we believe this opportunity to be a mutually-rewarding one and look forward to your contributions and success with Boston Scientific. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Michael Mahoney 
 
 Michael Mahoney 
 President and Chief Executive 
 
 Agreed to and Accepted by s Jeffrey B. Mirviss ______________________________ Date 14 Dec 2022 
 Jeffrey B. Mirviss 
 
 Enclosures 
 Agreement Concerning Employment 
 The Boston Scientific Corporation Executive Retirement Plan 

</EX-10.84>

<EX-10.85>
 21
 ex1085-arnonxemployeedirec.htm
 EX-10.85

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.85 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2023 

BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2023 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 

Article 1 Nature and Purpose of Plan 1 
 1.1 Nature 
 1 
 1.2 Purpose 
 1 
 Article 2 Participation 1 
 2.1 Commencement of Participation 
 1 
 2.2 Duration of Participation 
 1 
 Article 3 Elections and Account 1 
 3.1 Deferral Election 
 1 
 3.2 Deemed Elections 
 2 
 3.3 Deferred Account 
 2 
 3.4 Account Records 
 2 
 Article 4 Payment of Deferred Amounts 2 
 4.1 Payment of Deferred DSU Accounts 
 2 
 4.2 Designation of Beneficiary 
 3 
 4.3 Delay For Specified Employees 
 3 
 4.4 Change in Control Event 
 3 
 Article 5 Nature of Claims for Benefit Payments 3 
 5.1 Obligation of the Company 
 3 
 5.2 Participants Rights Unsecured 
 3 
 Article 6 Administration 4 
 6.1 Plan Administrator 
 4 
 6.2 Powers of the Committee as Administrator 
 4 
 6.3 Finality of Committee Determinations 
 4 
 6.4 Claims Procedures 
 4 
 6.5 Indemnification 
 5 
 6.6 Right to Suspend Benefits and Correct Errors 
 5 
 6.7 Incapacity 
 5 
 6.8 Legal Holidays 
 5 
 Article 7 Amendment or Termination of the Plan 5 
 Article 8 Miscellaneous 6 
 8.1 No Assignment or Alienation 
 6 
 8.2 Limitation of Rights 
 6 
 8.3 Receipt and Release 
 6 
 8.4 No Effect on Future Service as a Director 
 6 
 8.5 Severability 
 6 
 8.6 Successor Company 
 6 
 8.7 Headings and Subheadings 
 6 
 8.8 Governing Law 
 6 
 Article 9 Definitions and Rules of Construction 6 
 9.1 Definitions 
 6 
 9.2 Rules of Construction 
 9 

ii 

iii 

Article 1 Nature and Purpose of Plan 
 1.1 Nature . This document is an amendment and complete restatement, effective January 1, 2023, of the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan. Amounts deferred under the Plan prior to January 1, 2023 will be governed by the terms of the Plan as in effect immediately prior to the effective date of this restatement. The Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Code section 409A, to be construed and administered in accordance with the Section 409A Standards. 
 1.2 Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to provide deferred compensation for the Company s non-employee directors by providing Eligible Directors with an opportunity to defer a portion of their Compensation. 
 Article 2 Participation 
 1.1 Commencement of Participation . An Eligible Director will become a Participant by filing an election form in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1. 
 1.2 Duration of Participation . A Participant will remain a Participant until he or she has received all payments to which he or she is entitled under the terms of the Plan. 
 Article 3 Elections and Account 
 1.1 Deferr al Election . 
 (a) Prior to the beginning of each Plan Year, each Eligible Director may elect in writing, in the manner and on the form prescribed by the Committee, to defer payment of all or a portion of the Eligible Director s Compensation by making one or both of the following elections 
 (i) An election to defer payment of all or a portion, in increments of 25 , of the Director s Cash Compensation and have that deferred amount converted to RSUs and credited to a Deferred Account pursuant to Section 3.4. 
 (ii) An election to defer payment of all or a portion, in increments of 25 , of the Director s Equity Compensation and have that portion credited, as RSUs, to a Deferred Account pursuant to Section 3.3. 
 A Participant s deferral election for a Plan Year will become irrevocable on the day preceding the first day of the Plan Year. 
 
 (b) If an individual becomes an Eligible Director after the beginning of a Plan Year and has not been eligible to participate in this Plan (or any other plan required to be aggregated with this Plan under the Section 409A Standards) at any time during the 24-month period ending on the date he or she becomes an Eligible Director, then, within thirty (30) days after the date the individual becomes an Eligible Director, he or she may make one or both of the elections described in Section 3.1(a) above with respect to Compensation for the Plan Year for services 
 1 

performed after the date the election is made, subject to any prorating that may be required under the Section 409A Standards. A deferral election made under this paragraph (b) will become irrevocable on the date the election is made. 
 
 3.2 Deemed Elections . If a Participant fails to make a timely deferral election in accordance with Section 3.1 for a Plan Year, the Participant will be deemed to have made the following elections 
 (a) The Participant will be deemed to have elected not to defer any portion of his Cash Compensation for the Plan Year. 
 (b) The Participant will be deemed to have elected not to defer any portion of his Equity Compensation for the Plan Year. 
 3.3 Deferred Account . A Deferred Account will be established for any Participant who makes an election described in Section 3.1(a)(i) or (a)(ii) for any Plan Year. For each Plan Year for which a Participant makes an election described in Section 3.1(a)(i), the Participant s Deferred Account will be credited with RSUs equal to the quotient (rounded down to the next whole number) of (A) divided by (B), where (A) is the dollar value of the Cash Compensation that the Participant elected to defer, and (B) is the closing price per share of Company Stock on the date the Cash Compensation would have been paid to the Participant in the absence of the Participant making an election described in Section. 3.1(a)(i). For each Plan Year for which a Participant makes an election described in Section 3.1(a)(i) with respect to a portion of his or her Equity Compensation (the Deferred Portion ), the Participant s Deferred Account will be credited with a number of RSUs equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units that would have been granted to the Participant under the LTIP if the Participant had elected to receive the Deferred Portion in the form of Restricted Stock Awards rather than as RSUs deferred under the Plan. 
 3.4 Account Records . Participants will be able to access records of their Deferred Account balances online or telephonically through the appropriate record keeper. 
 Article 4 Payment of Deferred Amounts 
 1.1 Payment of Deferred Accounts . Upon the Participant s Separation From Service for any reason, the total number of vested RSUs credited to the Participant s Deferred Account will be settled in shares of Company Stock (with one share of Company Stock payable for each whole RSU) and distributed to the Participant within 60 days after the Participant s Separation From Service. Any RSUs that are not vested as of the date of the Participant s Separation From Service will be forfeited. The extent to which RSUs are vested will be determined by the terms of the LTIP and any applicable award agreement. 
 1.2 Designation of Beneficiary . A Participant may designate a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries under the Plan to receive payment of the Participant s Deferred Account upon the Participant s death by submitting a completed Beneficiary designation to the Committee s designated record keeper, in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee or its designee, before the Participant s death. If the Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary, or if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, the Participant s Beneficiary will be the Participant s estate. 
 1.3 Delay For Specified Employees . Because the Plan is only for Eligible Directors (those who are not employees of the Company), it is not expected that any Participants will be 
 2 

Specified Employees. However, in the event that a Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of his Separation From Service, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Participant s Separation From Service is by reason of the Participant s death, then any amount that becomes payable under the Plan due to the Participant s Separation From Service will be paid on the first day that is six months after the date on which the Participant s Separation From Service occurs. 
 1.4 Change in Control Event . Notwithstanding any other Plan provision, if a Change in Control Event occurs, then any unvested RSUs credited to the Participant s Deferred Account will become vested, and all RSUs credited to the Participant s Deferred Account will be settled in shares of Company Stock (with one share of Company Stock payable for each whole RSU) and distributed to the Participant following the date on which the Change in Control Event occurs. 
 Article 5 Nature of Claims for Benefit Payments 
 1.1 Obligation of the Company . The Company will establish on its books a liability with respect to its obligations for benefits payable under the Plan to Participants and their Beneficiaries. 
 1.2 Participants Rights Unsecured . The Plan is unfunded. The right of any Participant to receive payment of deferred amounts under the provisions of the Plan will be an unsecured claim against the general assets of the Company. The maintenance of individual Participant Accounts is for bookkeeping purposes only. The Company is not obligated to acquire, segregate, or set aside, in trust or otherwise, any assets of any kind for the discharge of its obligations under the Plan, nor will any Participant have any property rights in any particular assets held by the Company, whether or not held for the purpose of funding the Company s obligations under the Plan. 
 
 Article 6 Administration 
 1.1 Plan Administrator . The Committee will be the administrator of the Plan and will have full discretionary power and authority to administer the Plan in all of its details. 
 1.2 Powers of the Committee as Administrator . The Committee s powers as administrator of the Plan will include, but will not be limited to, the following discretionary authority, in addition to all powers and authority provided elsewhere in the Plan 
 (a) to make and enforce such rules, regulations, and procedures, consistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee deems necessary or proper for the efficient administration of the Plan 
 (b) to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and to decide any and all questions arising under the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to remedy possible ambiguities, inconsistencies, or omissions by a general rule or particular decision 
 (c) to determine the amounts to be distributed to any Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the terms of the Plan and determine the person or persons to whom such amounts will be distributed 
 3 

(d) to allocate or delegate its powers to other persons and 
 (e) to appoint persons to carry out administrative and recordkeeping functions with respect to the Plan. 
 1.3 Finality of Committee Determinations . Determinations by the Committee and any interpretation, rule, or decision adopted by the Committee under the Plan, or in carrying out or administering the Plan, will be final and binding for all purposes and upon all interested persons in the absence of clear and convincing evidence that the determination or interpretation was made arbitrarily or capriciously. 
 1.4 Claims Procedures . Any person making a claim for benefits under the Plan must submit the claim in writing to the Committee or its designee. If the Committee or its designee denies the claim in whole or in part, it will issue to the claimant a written notice explaining the reasons for the denial (with specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based) and identifying any additional information or documentation that might enable the claimant to perfect the claim. The claimant may, within 60 days of receiving a written notice of denial, submit a written request for reconsideration to the Committee or its designee, together with a written explanation of the basis for the request. The Committee or its designee will consider any such request and will provide the claimant with a written decision, which will include a written explanation of the reasons for the decision (with reference to the specific Plan provisions on which the decision is based). All interpretations, determinations, and decisions of the Committee with respect to any claim will be final and conclusive in the absence of clear and convincing evidence that the interpretation, determination, or decision was made arbitrarily or capriciously. 
 1.5 Indemnification . The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any member of the Committee, any employee or former employee to whom the Committee delegates or allocates any of the Committee s responsibilities under the Plan, and any employee or former employee who has been asked to assist the Committee in any way (together, the indemnified persons against any liability (including, without limitation, payment of attorney s fees) that the indemnified person may incur as a result of the discharge of his or her duties and responsibilities in good faith under the Plan. 
 1.6 Right to Suspend Benefits and Correct Errors . To the extent consistent with the Section 409A Standards, the Committee or its designee may delay any payment until satisfied as to the correctness of the payment or the person to receive the payment or to allow filing in any court of competent jurisdiction for a legal determination of the benefits to be paid and the person to receive them. The Committee specifically reserves the right to correct errors of every sort, and each Participant hereby agrees, on his own behalf and on behalf of any Beneficiary, to any method of error correction specified by the Committee or its designee. The Committee is authorized to recover any payment made in error. 
 1.7 Incapacity . If the Committee or its designee determines that any person entitled to benefits under the Plan is a minor, an incompetent person, or other person incapable of providing a valid receipt, then any payment due to that person may be paid for the benefit of that person to the person s spouse, parent, or other party providing or reasonably appearing to provide for the care of that person, unless a duly qualified guardian or other legal representative has been appointed, in which case payment will be made to that guardian or legal representative. 
 1.8 Legal Holidays . If any day on (or on or before) which action under the Plan must be taken falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday, that action may be taken on (or on or before) the next succeeding day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday provided that 
 4 

this Section 6.8 does not permit any action that must be taken in one calendar year to be taken in any subsequent calendar year. 
 Article 7 Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 The Company hopes and expects to continue the Plan in effect, but it reserves the right to amend the Plan, by action of the Board of Directors or its designee, in any respect at any time (retroactively if the Company so provides) and to terminate the Plan. Any amendment or termination will be set forth in a written instrument and signed by a duly authorized representative of the Company. In the event of an amendment or termination of the Plan, a Participant s benefits will not be less than the amount credited to the Participant s Deferred Account immediately prior to the amendment or termination. 
 Article 8 Miscellaneous 
 1.1 No Assignment or Alienation . No payee may assign any payment due him under the Plan. No benefits at any time payable under the Plan will be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, attachment, garnishment, levy, execution, or other legal or equitable process or encumbrance of any kind. Any attempt to alienate, sell, transfer, assign, or otherwise encumber any Plan benefit, whether payable presently or in the future, will be void. 
 1.2 Limitation of Rights . Neither the establishment nor amendment of the Plan, nor the payment of any benefits, will be construed as giving any individual any legal or equitable right against the Company or the Committee. In no event will the Plan be deemed to constitute a contract between any individual and the Company or the Committee. 
 1.3 Receipt and Release . Any payment of a benefit under the Plan to any Participant or Beneficiary will be in full satisfaction of all claims with respect to the benefit under the Plan against the Company and the Committee. 
 1.4 No Effect on Future Service as a Director . Nothing in the Plan, nor any action taken under the Plan, shall be construed as giving any Participant a right to continue as a Director or require the nomination of a Participant for a future term as a Director. 
 1.5 Severability . If any provision of the Plan is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain fully enforceable. 
 1.6 Successor Company . In the event of the dissolution, sale, merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Company, provision may be made by which a successor to all or a major portion of the Company will have all of the powers, duties, and responsibilities of the Company under the Plan. 
 1.7 Headings and Subheadings . Headings and subheadings are inserted for convenience only and are not to be considered in the construction of the provisions of the Plan. 
 1.8 Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Plan will be governed by, and construed and administered in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
 5 

Article 9 Definitions and Rules of Construction 
 1.1 Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases, when capitalized, have the following meanings 
 (a) Account means, with respect to a Participant, a bookkeeping account established for the Participant pursuant to Article 3 as a Deferred Account. 
 (b) Affiliate means (1) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code section 414(b)) of which the Company is also a member, (2) any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control (as defined in Code section 414(c)) with the Company, (3) any trade or business that is a member of an affiliated service group (as defined in Code section 414(m)) of which the Company is also a member, or (4) to the extent required by regulations issued under Code section 414(o), any other organization. The term Affiliate, however, does not include any corporation or unincorporated trade or business prior to the date on which that corporation, trade, or business satisfies the affiliation or control tests of (1), (2), (3), or (4) above. 
 (c) Beneficiary means the person or persons designated pursuant to Section 4.5 to receive benefits under the Plan in the event of a Participant s death. 
 (d) Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Cash Compensation means, with respect to an Eligible Director for a Plan Year, the Compensation payable to the Eligible Director for the Plan Year in the form of cash as an annual retainer or committee chair fees. 
 (f) Change in Control Event means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, as determined in accordance with the Section 409A Standards, including 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Reference to a particular section of the Code includes reference to any regulations issued by the Department of Treasury under that section and any notices and other releases issued by the Internal Revenue Service interpreting or implementing that section. 
 (h) Committee means the Executive Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 (i) Company means Boston Scientific Corporation. 
 (j) Company Stock means common stock of the Company. 
 (k) Compensation means, with respect to an Eligible Director for a Plan Year, the annual fees payable by the Company to the Eligible Director for the Plan Year, including retainer fees and committee chair fees and equity-based awards to be granted under the LTIP, for serving as a member of the Board of Directors. 
 (l) Deferred Account means, with respect to a Participant, the Account established for the Participant pursuant to Section 3.3. 
 6 

(m) Director means a member of the Board of Directors. 
 (n) Eligible Director means a Director who is not an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (o) Equity Compensation means, with respect to an Eligible Director for a Plan Year, Compensation for the Plan Year that is payable to the Eligible Director in the form of equity-based awards under the LTIP. 
 (p) LTIP means the Boston Scientific Corporation Amended and Restated 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor to that plan. 
 (q) Participant means an Eligible Director who becomes a participant in the Plan pursuant to Section 2.1 and has not ceased to be a Participant pursuant to Section 2.2. 
 (r) Plan means the Boston Scientific Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as set forth in this document, as amended from time to time. 
 (s) Plan Year means a calendar year beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
 (t) Restricted Stock Units or RSUs means equity compensation awarded to a grantee in the form of notional units of Company Stock, in accordance with section 13 (Defined Terms) of the LTIP, and that are settled and paid to the grantee in the form of shares of Company Stock at the rate of one share of Company Stock for each RSU. Note that when the RSUs are deferred, they vest according to the RSU agreement applicable to the award and are settled and distributed to a Participant in shares of Company Stock in accordance with Section 4.1 following the Participant s Separation From Service. 
 (u) Restricted Stock Award means an Award of Stock subject to forfeiture to the Company if specified conditions are not satisfied. 
 (v) Section 409A Standards means the applicable requirements and standards for nonqualified deferred compensation plans established by Code section 409A. 
 (w) Separation From Service means, with respect to a Participant, the expiration of the contract under which services are performed by the Participant for the Company and its Affiliates if the expiration constitutes a good-faith and complete termination of the Participant s contractual relationship with the Company and all of its Affiliates within the meaning of the Section 409A Standards, including 1.409A-1(h).Whether a Separation From Service has occurred will be determined in accordance with the Section 409A Standards, including 1.409A-1(h). The Committee may, but need not, elect in writing, subject to the applicable limitations under the Section 409A Standards, any of the special elective rules prescribed in 1.409A-1(h) for purposes of determining whether a Separation From Service has occurred. Any such written election will be deemed to be part of the Plan. 
 (x) Specified Employee has the meaning given in Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i). 
 7 

1.2 Rules of Construction . The following rules of construction will govern in interpreting the Plan 
 (a) Words used in the masculine gender will be construed to include the feminine gender, where appropriate, and vice versa. 
 (b) Words used in the singular will be construed to include the plural, where appropriate, and vice versa. 
 (c) If any provision of the Plan is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, that provision will be deemed to be null and void, but the invalidation of that provision will not otherwise impair or affect the Plan. 
 (d) The Plan is intended to comply with Code section 409A, and it will be construed and administered accordingly. The provisions of the Plan and all deferral elections under Plan will be effected, construed, interpreted, and applied in a manner consistent with Section 409A Standards. To the extent that any terms of the Plan or a deferral election would subject any Participant to gross income inclusion, interest, or additional tax pursuant to Code section 409A, those terms are to that extent superseded by the applicable Section. 

8 

</EX-10.85>

<EX-21>
 22
 exhibit21-listofsubsidiari.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 List of worldwide subsidiaries of Boston Scientific Corporation as of January 31, 2023 
 
 Structure of ownership and control 
 
 Boston Scientific wholly owns or has a majority interest in all of the below mentioned entities. 
 
 Acurate Industria e Comercio Ltda. (Brazil) 
 American Medical Systems Europe B.V. (The Netherlands) 
 Baylis Medical UK Limited (England) 
 BAYLIS Medical (Deutschland) GmbH (Germany) 
 Baylis Medical Company Inc. (Canada) 
 Baylis Medical France S.A.R.L. (France) 
 Baylis Medical USA Inc. (Delaware) 
 Biocompatibles UK Limited (England) 
 Biocompatibles, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Boston Scientific (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia) 
 Boston Scientific (South Africa) Proprietary Limited (South Africa) 
 Boston Scientific (Thailand) Ltd. (Thailand) 
 Boston Scientific (UK) Limited (England) 
 Boston Scientific AG (Switzerland) 
 Boston Scientific Argentina S.A. (Argentina) 
 Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) 
 Boston Scientific Benelux NV (Belgium) 
 Boston Scientific Ceska republika s.r.o. (Czech Republic) 
 Boston Scientific Chile SpA (Chile) 
 Boston Scientific Clonmel Limited, in liquidation (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific Colombia Limitada (Colombia) 
 Boston Scientific Comercial de Costa Rica BSCR, S.R.L. (Costa Rica) 
 Boston Scientific Cork Limited, in liquidation (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific de Costa Rica S.R.L. (Costa Rica) 
 Boston Scientific de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) 
 Boston Scientific del Caribe, Inc. (Puerto Rico) 
 Boston Scientific do Brasil Ltda. (Brazil) 
 Boston Scientific Far East B.V. (The Netherlands) 
 Boston Scientific Gesellschaft m.b.H. (Austria) 
 Boston Scientific Group plc (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific Gulf for Trading (Saudi Arabia) 
 Boston Scientific Hellas S.A. (Greece) 
 Boston Scientific Hong Kong Limited (Hong Kong) 
 Boston Scientific Iberica, S.A. (Spain) 
 Boston Scientific India Private Limited (India) 
 Boston Scientific International B.V. (The Netherlands) 
 Boston Scientific International Finance Limited (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific International S.A. (France) 
 Boston Scientific International Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia) 
 Boston Scientific Ireland Limited, in liquidation (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific Israel Ltd. (Israel) 
 Boston Scientific Japan K.K. (Japan) 
 Boston Scientific Korea Co., Ltd. (Korea) 
 Boston Scientific Korea Holding Co., Ltd. (Korea) 
 Boston Scientific Limited (England) 
 Boston Scientific Limited (Ireland) 

Boston Scientific LLC (Russian Federation) 
 Boston Scientific Ltd. Boston Scientifique Ltee. (Canada) 
 Boston Scientific Medical Device (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia) 
 Boston Scientific Medical Device Limited (Ireland) 
 Boston Scientific Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) 
 Boston Scientific Medizintechnik GmbH (Germany) 
 Boston Scientific Middle East FZ-LLC (UAE) 
 Boston Scientific Middle East SAL (Offshore) (Lebanon) 
 Boston Scientific Nederland B.V. (The Netherlands) 
 Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Corporation (Delaware) 
 Boston Scientific New Zealand Limited (New Zealand) 
 Boston Scientific Nordic AB (Sweden) 
 Boston Scientific Peru S.A.C. (Peru) 
 Boston Scientific Philippines, Inc. (Philippines) 
 Boston Scientific Polska Sp. z o.o. (Poland) 
 Boston Scientific Portugal - Dispositivos Medicos, Lda (Portugal) 
 Boston Scientific Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 Boston Scientific Romania S.R.L. (Romania) 
 Boston Scientific S.A.S. (France) 
 Boston Scientific S.p.A. (Italy) 
 Boston Scientific Scimed, Inc. (Minnesota) 
 Boston Scientific Technology & Engineering Services Private Limited (India) 
 Boston Scientific TIP Gerecleri Limited Sirketi (Turkey) 
 Boston Scientific Vietnam Company Limited (Vietnam) 
 Bravo Bidco Limited (England) 
 BSC International Medical Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) 
 BSC Medical Device Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (China) 
 BTG IM Holdings Ltd. (Israel) 
 BTG International (Holdings) Limited (England) 
 BTG International Canada Inc. (Canada) 
 BTG International Limited (England) 
 BTG Limited (England) 
 BTG Management Services Limited (England) 
 Cardiac Pacemakers, Inc. (Minnesota) 
 CeloNova BioSciences Germany GmbH, in liquidation (Germany) 
 DeVoro Medical Inc. (Delaware) 
 eCardio Sequoia Blocker Corp. (Delaware) 
 Electron Acquisition Corporation (Delaware) 
 EndoChoice Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 EndoChoice, Inc. (Delaware) 
 EndoChoice Israel Ltd., in liquidation (Israel) 
 EP Technologies, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Farapulse, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Galil Medical Inc. (Delaware) 
 Galil Medical Ltd. (Israel) 
 Golden Woods Services, LLC (Texas) 
 Guidant Delaware Holding Corporation (Delaware) 
 Guidant Europe NV (Belgium) 
 Guidant Puerto Rico B.V. (The Netherlands) 
 Hong Kong Medtech Trading Limited, in liquidation (Hong Kong) 
 Laguna Holdco Ltd. (Israel) 
 Lumenis (Australia) Pty. Ltd. (Australia) 
 Lumenis (HK) Limited (Hong Kong) 
 Lumenis (Italy) S.r.l. (Italy) 

Lumenis (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Singapore) 
 Lumenis (UK) Limited (England) 
 Lumenis Holdings Inc. (Delaware) 
 Lumenis Inc. (Massachusetts) 
 Lumenis India Private Limited (India) 
 Lumenis Ltd. (Israel) 
 Lumenis Medical Laser Equipment Trading (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (China) 
 Notebook Merger Sub, Ltd. (Delaware) 
 NXT Merger Corp. (Delaware) 
 Obsidio, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Preventice Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 Preventice Solutions, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Preventice Technologies, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Provensis Limited (England) 
 PT Boston Scientific Indonesia (Indonesia) 
 RMI Acquisition Corp. (California) 
 Robert S. Smith, M.D., Inc. (Georgia) 
 SNS Merger Corp. (Delaware) 
 Special K Merger Corp. (Delaware) 
 Stream Enterprises LLC (Delaware) 
 Symetis SA (Switzerland) 
 Target Therapeutics, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Textile Merger Sub, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Zuma Investment Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 34 Biomedical Merger Corp. (Delaware) 
 9357-1867 Quebec Inc. (Canada) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 23
 exhibit23-2022eyconsent.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 Nos. 333-262937, 333-238526, 333-76346, 333-61994, and 333-64991) of Boston Scientific Corporation, 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-4 Nos. 333-131608 and 333-22581) of Boston Scientific Corporation, 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-25033, 333-25037, 333-36636, 333-61056, 333-61060, 333-76380, 333-98755, 333-111047, 333-131608, 333-133569, 333-134932, 333-151280, 333-174620, 333-174622, 333-188905, 333-196672, 333-241022, and 333-264754) of Boston Scientific Corporation 
 
 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Boston Scientific Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Boston Scientific Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Boston Scientific Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 24
 exhibit311-ceo302202210xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael F. Mahoney, certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Scientific Corporation 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 25
 exhibit312-cfo302202210xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Daniel J. Brennan, certify that 
 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Scientific Corporation 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Daniel J. Brennan Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 26
 exhibit321-ceo906202210xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Scientific Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation. 
 
 By s Michael F. Mahoney Michael F. Mahoney Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 27
 exhibit322-cfo906202210xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Scientific Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Boston Scientific Corporation. 
 
 By s Daniel J. Brennan Daniel J. Brennan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 41
 bsx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 42
 bsx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 43
 bsx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 44
 bsx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 45
 bsx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

