<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_813672_0000813672-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14498158</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>313963</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3007268</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4593565</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3386960</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2956917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000813672-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230213161613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000813672-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000813672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770148231
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15867
		FILM NUMBER:		23618685

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2655 SEELY AVENUE BLDG 5
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089431234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2655 SEELY AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ECAD INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000813672-23-000011.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 cdns-20221231.htm
 10-K

cdns-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to_________. 
 
 Commission file number 
 _____________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Names of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2022 was approximately . 
 On January 31, 2023, approximately shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement for Cadence Design Systems, Inc. s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I. Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 44 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 45 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 88 
 Signatures 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements that are not historical in nature, are predictive, or that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions or contain other forward-looking statements. Statements including, but not limited to, statements regarding the extent and timing of future revenues and expenses and customer demand, statements regarding the deployment of our products and services, statements regarding our reliance on third parties, statements regarding the impact on our business of the macroeconomic environment, including but not limited to, the expanded trade restrictions, the ongoing geopolitical conflict in Ukraine and other areas of the world, the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, global inflation and the rise in interest rates, statements regarding the impact of government actions and other statements using words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, may, plans, projects, should, targets, will and would, and words of similar import and the negatives thereof, constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations about future events. Actual results could vary materially as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those expressed in these statements. Important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those identified in Proprietary Technology, Competition, Risk Factors, Critical Accounting Estimates, Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risks discussed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 
 We urge you to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update these forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 Cadence is a leader in electronic system design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. We apply our underlying Intelligent System Design strategy to deliver computational software, hardware and IP that turn design concepts into reality. Our customers include some of the world s most innovative companies that deliver extraordinary electronic products from chips to boards to systems for dynamic market applications. 
 We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits ICs ), systems-on-chip SoCs ), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our products and services do this by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring our customers products to market, improving engineering productivity and reducing their design, development and manufacturing costs. 
 Our electronic systems customers deliver entire devices, such as smartphones, laptop computers, gaming systems, automobiles and autonomous driving systems, servers, cloud data center infrastructure, artificial intelligence AI systems, aerospace and defense, medical equipment and networking products. These systems companies internally develop, or externally purchase, the sub-components for their products, including printed circuit boards PCBs ), which interconnect all the hardware components, ICs, which are often referred to as computer chips, and software at various levels which runs on the hardware. Our semiconductor customers deliver ICs, which include subcategories such as processors, SoCs, AI, memory, analog and other types of chips. 
 We offer software, hardware, services and reusable IC design blocks, which are commonly referred to as intellectual property IP ). Our semiconductor customers use our offerings to design, configure, analyze and verify ICs. Additionally, customers license our IP, which accelerates their product development processes by providing pre-designed and verified circuit blocks for their ICs. Systems customers use our offerings to design, simulate, and verify the electro-thermal and physical functionality of their ICs, PCBs, and systems products. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our Intelligent System Design strategy is to provide the computational software technologies necessary for our electronic system and semiconductor customers to develop products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, healthcare and life sciences. We address the challenges posed by the needs and trends of electronic systems companies as well as semiconductor companies delivering greater portions of these systems. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The development of electronic products, or their sub-components, is complex and requires many engineers using our solutions with specialized knowledge and skill. The rate of technical innovation in electronics is swift, long driven by a concept known as Moore s Law, which more than 50 years ago predicted that the complexity of ICs would double approximately every 24 months. In order to make our customers successful, our products must handle this exponential growth rate in complexity, without requiring a corresponding increase in our customers costs. Historically, the industry that provided the tools used by IC engineers was referred to as Electronic Design Automation EDA ). Today, our offerings include and extend beyond EDA to enable computational software for Intelligent System Design across three layers as illustrated below starting with IC and SoC design excellence, followed by system innovation, and then pervasive intelligence. 
 
 The IC and SoC design excellence requires technologies for custom IC, digital IC design and signoff, and functional verification, and leverages pre-built semiconductor IP. These tools, IP and associated services are specifically designed to meet the growing requirements of engineers designing increasingly complex chips across analog, digital and mixed-signal domains, and perform the associated verification tasks, including validation of low-level software running on the silicon model, thereby enabling design teams to manage complexity and verification throughput without commensurately increasing the team size or extending the project schedule, while reducing technical risks. 
 The second layer of our strategy centers around system innovation. It includes tools and services used for system design of the packages that encapsulate the ICs and the PCBs, system simulation which includes electromagnetic, electro-thermal and other multiphysics analysis necessary as part of optimizing the full system s performance, radio frequency RF and microwave systems, and embedded software. 
 The third layer of our strategy addresses pervasive intelligence in new electronics. It starts with providing solutions and services to develop AI-enhanced systems and includes machine learning and deep learning capabilities being added to the Cadence technology portfolio to make IP and tools more automated and to produce optimized results faster. 
 Our software and emulation products also support cloud access to address the growing computational needs of our customers. 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 Consistent with our Intelligent System Design strategy, we completed several acquisitions during fiscal 2022 that we believe enhances our talent, our System Design and Analysis technology portfolio and our ability to pursue attractive opportunities in the markets we serve. This includes our acquisition of OpenEye Scientific Software, Inc. OpenEye ), a leading provider of computational molecular modeling and simulation software used by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for drug discovery. The addition of OpenEye s technologies and experienced team, with its deep scientific expertise, broadens our System Design and Analysis technology portfolio and expands our total addressable market, bringing our computational software expertise to apply proven algorithmic, simulation and solver advances to life sciences. 
 We also acquired FFG Holdings Limited Future Facilities ), a provider of electronics cooling analysis and energy performance optimization solutions for data center design and operations using physics-based 3D digital twins. The addition of Future Facilities broadens our multiphysics system analysis and computational fluid dynamics CFD product offerings to serve a wide breadth of hyperscale, enterprise data center, managed service and colocation providers. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Business Drivers 
 Our products and services enable our customers to design complex and innovative electronic products that are accelerated by the growing digital transformation. Demand for our technology and expertise is driven by increasing complexity and our customers investment in new designs and products. The most promising new opportunities for us involve enabling the design of electronic systems for consumers, including augmented reality AR ), virtual reality VR ), and industrial internet of things IIoT ), hyperscale computing (including data center infrastructure), AI, edge computing, mobile, communications (including 5G networks), automotive, aerospace and defense, and industrial and healthcare subsystems. Large and existing electronics categories, such as data center infrastructure, mobile, smartphones and networking products continue to provide business opportunities for us as customers initiate new design projects. 
 Underlying the requirements within any particular vertical market sector is the availability of rapidly improving IC manufacturing technology. In order for our customers to take advantage of such advancements, some of our products need to first incorporate new capabilities such that they can exploit new manufacturing capabilities. This dependency means that we must invest significantly in product research and development R D to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. The demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products. 
 Another driver for our business is the differentiation, capabilities and benefits provided to our customers by our products. With the rapid pace of innovation comes the opportunity for our products to address growing key challenges associated with electronic product creation, such as power consumption, performance, chip area and cost. Our products and services have unique attributes that our customers value. In general, these attributes can be grouped into broader categories such as quality of results QoR (in terms of power consumption, performance and chip area), engineering productivity, tool performance, manufacturing, reliability, and faster time to market. Many of these attributes contribute to the sustainability of our planet by enabling our customers to create innovative products that optimize power, space and energy needs. We are applying machine learning or computational software techniques within our products to enhance QoR, productivity, performance, manufacturing, reliability and methodology. 
 Products and Product Categories 
 Our Intelligent System Design strategy enables our customers to address a broad range of challenges that arise as they develop electronic products. Our solutions are categorized according to the role they play in the electronic product design process. We group our products into categories related to major design activities, including Custom IC Design and Simulation, Digital IC Design and Signoff, Functional Verification, IP, and System Design and Analysis. 
 Custom IC Design and Simulation 
 Our custom IC design and simulation offerings are used by our customers to create schematic and physical representations of circuits down to the transistor level for analog, mixed-signal, custom digital, memory and RF designs. These representations are verified using simulation tools optimized for each type of design, including the design capture environment, simulation and IC layout within the Virtuoso custom IC design platform. Other tools in the custom IC portfolio are used to prepare the designs for manufacturing. 
 The Virtuoso Advanced-Node Platform adds functionality to the base Virtuoso package to enable the use of three-dimensional transistors FinFETs ), multi-patterning and other technologies required for advanced designs. The Virtuoso RF Solution addresses the challenges of RF design across chip, package and board. The Spectre Simulation Platform provides large-scale verification simulation. The Virtuoso System Design Platform enables engineers to design and verify concurrently across the chip, package and board. 
 Digital IC Design and Signoff 
 Our digital IC design and signoff solutions are used to create logical representations of a digital circuit or an IC that can be verified for correctness prior to implementation (please refer to the discussion under Functional Verification below). Once the logic is verified, the design representation is implemented, or converted to a format ready for silicon manufacturing, using additional software tools within this category. The manufacturing representation is also analyzed and verified. Our digital IC design and signoff technology suite provides a full flow to achieve power, performance and area PPA design targets, and includes three major categories: logic design, physical implementation and signoff. 
 Our logic design offering is comprised of logic synthesis, test and equivalence checking capabilities and is typically used by customers to create and verify designs in conjunction with our functional verification capabilities. The offering includes the Genus Synthesis Solution, a logic synthesis offering that provides fast throughput while also offering high quality results, and the Joules RTL Power Solution, which delivers fast power analysis while preserving near-signoff accuracy. We also offer the Modus software solution, which reduces SoC design-for-test time. 
 Our physical implementation offering comprises tools used near the end of the design process, including place and route, optimization and multi-patterning preparation. The Innovus Implementation System is a physical implementation offering that delivers fast design turnaround time while also delivering improved PPA characteristics. This offering enables customers to address the technology challenges of the latest semiconductor advanced-process nodes, create a physical representation of logic models and prepare a design for signoff. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our signoff offering is comprised of tools used to sign off the design as ready for manufacture by a semiconductor foundry, which provides certification for this step. This offering includes the Tempus Timing Signoff Solution, Voltus Power Integrity Solution, Quantus Extraction Solution and Pegasus Physical Verification System. Our design-for-manufacturing products are also included in our signoff offering and are used by customers to address manufacturing and yield issues as early in the product development process as possible. 
 Functional Verification 
 Functional verification products are used by our customers to effectively and efficiently verify that the circuitry or the software they have designed is consistent with the functional specification. Verification is largely done throughout the design process, with the objective of identifying as many potential functional problems as possible before manufacturing the circuitry, thereby significantly reducing the risk of discovering a costly error in the completed product. 
 Our Verification Suite includes four primary verification engines, starting with the JasperGold Formal Verification Platform and Xcelium Parallel Logic Simulation Platform, which are used in the early stages of design verification, often at the IP and subsystem level. Once the design is more mature, with early formal and simulation verification tasks performed, verification engineers deploy our Palladium Enterprise Emulation Platform and Protium FPGA-Based Prototyping Platforms for more comprehensive chip verification, often running low-level embedded software on top of a model of the chip, to provide for proper functionality before silicon manufacturing. 
 These engines are used for early bug detection, verification of block-level functionality, verification acceleration and emulation of system-level functionality, system-level power exploration, analysis and optimization, and system-level prototyping for hardware/software co-verification. Our Palladium platform provides high throughput, capacity, data center reliability and workgroup productivity to enable global design teams to develop advanced hardware-software systems. The Protium platform leverages a common front end with the Palladium environment to move designs rapidly from emulation to the prototyping stage, allowing for software development to start weeks to months earlier than otherwise possible. 
 These engines are also supported by other verification tools that provide an environment that allows for effective verification throughput and management, including verification planning and metric tracking, testbench automation, debugging and software-driven tests, enabling our customers to coordinate verification activities across multiple verification engines, teams and locations for effective verification closure. 
 IP 
 Our IP offerings consist of pre-verified, customizable functional blocks, which customers integrate into their ICs to accelerate the development process and to reduce the risk of errors in the design process. We offer many types of IP, including Tensilica configurable digital signal processors DSPs ), vertically targeted subsystems for AI, audio/voice, baseband and vision/imaging applications, controllers and physical interfaces for standard protocols and analog IP. Our design IP portfolio also includes solutions for high speed SerDes, PCI, USB and many other standards. 
 We also offer a broad range of Verification IP VIP with memory models, which model the expected behavior of many industry standard protocols when used with verification solutions and are complementary to our design IP offerings. Our VIP and accelerated VIP are used with our full suite of functional verification engines to emulate and model the expected behavior and interaction of standard industry system interface protocols including DDR, USB, and PCI Express in silicon. Our customers also use our System VIP offerings to perform full system-level chip verification. 
 System Design and Analysis 
 Our system design and analysis offerings are used by our customers to develop PCBs and advanced IC packages and to analyze electromagnetic, electro-thermal and other multiphysics effects. 
 The capabilities in the Allegro System Design Platform include PCB authoring and implementation, IC package and system-in-package design, signal and power integrity analysis, and PCB library design management and collaboration. The need for compact, high-performance mobile, consumer and automotive design with advanced serial interconnect is driving the technology evolution for our PCB offerings. For mainstream PCB customers, where individual or small team productivity is a focus, we provide the OrCAD family of offerings that is primarily marketed worldwide through a network of resellers. 
 The speed and close proximity of signals on silicon, through packages to boards, and through connectors and cables, exposes these communications to various kinds of interference, generates heat and emits electromagnetic radiation. Careful analysis is required for these systems to work as designed under a wide range of operating conditions and within compliance of standards and laws. The complexity of these devices and signal transmissions requires analysis and simulation throughout the product lifecycle to meet these objectives. Our Clarity 3D Solver for electromagnetic and power electronics analysis and simulation, as well as our Celsius Thermal Solver, provide the foundation for multiphysics analysis technology, with complete electrical-thermal co-simulation for electronic systems from ICs to physical enclosures. 
 Our Fidelity CFD Software solution expands our ability to meet the growing design challenges of electronic and systems companies. Our comprehensive suite of CFD solutions enable our customers to extend their multiphysics analysis workflows to address simulation and analysis challenges for applications such as aerodynamics, hydrodynamics, propulsion, turbomachinery, heat transfer, and combustion. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The addition of our computational molecular modeling and simulation solution with our acquisition of OpenEye leverages our computational software expertise and expands our ability to address various challenges of drug discovery faced by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. 
 Product Arrangements 
 We primarily license our software using time-based licenses. Our time-based license arrangements offer customers the right to access and use all of the products delivered at the outset of an arrangement and updates throughout the entire term of the arrangement, which is generally two to three years, with no rights to return. Our updates provide for continued access to our evolving technology as our customers designs migrate to more advanced nodes. In addition, certain time-based license arrangements include the right for the customer to remix among the products delivered at the outset of the arrangement and use unspecified additional products that become commercially available during the term of the arrangement. 
 A small portion of our software is licensed under perpetual licenses, which does not include the right to use new technology. Payment terms for time-based licenses generally provide for payments to be made over the license period, and payment terms for perpetual licenses generally are net 30 days. 
 Our emulation and prototyping hardware products are either sold or leased to our customers. Our emulation hardware can also be accessed remotely via a Cadence-managed cloud arrangement. 
 We generally license our design IP under nonexclusive license agreements that provide usage rights for specific designs. Some customers enter into non-cancelable commitments, whereby the customer commits to a fixed dollar amount over a specified period of time that can be used to purchase from a list of products or services. In addition, for certain IP license agreements, we collect royalties as our customers ship their product that includes our IP to their customers. 
 For a further description of our license agreements, our emulation and prototyping hardware sale or lease agreements, revenue recognition policies and results of operations, please refer to the discussion under Critical Accounting Estimates under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Technical Support and Maintenance 
 Customer service and support is critical to the adoption and successful use of our products. We provide our customers with technical support and maintenance to facilitate their use of our software, hardware and IP solutions. 
 Our education services offerings can be customized and include training programs that are delivered online, app-based, or in a classroom setting. The content of these offerings ranges from the latest design techniques to methodologies for using the most recent features of our products. The primary focus of education services is to accelerate our customers path to productivity in the use of our products. 
 Services 
 We offer a number of services, including services related to methodology, education and hosted design solutions. These services may be sold separately or sold and performed in conjunction with the license, sale or lease of our products. As necessary, specialized design services engineers are assigned to internal R D projects associated with our design IP business. 
 As part of our services offerings, we design advanced ICs, develop custom IP and help customers address design challenges. This enables us to target and accelerate the development of new software technology and products to satisfy current and future design requirements. 
 We offer engineering services to collaborate with our customers in the design of complex ICs and the implementation of key design capabilities, including low power design, IC packaging and board design, functional verification, digital implementation, analog/mixed-signal design and system-level design. The customers for these services primarily consist of semiconductor and systems companies developing products for the consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, mobile automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial and healthcare verticals. These ICs range from digital SoCs and analog and RF designs to complex mixed-signal ICs. 
 The Cadence Cloud portfolio, consisting of Cadence-managed and customer-managed environments for electronic product developers using the scalability of the cloud, continues to expand, with additional cloud-ready products added or under development in fiscal 2022, including cloud-based platforms for e-commerce and for molecular sciences. Contractual arrangements with customers for both environments are time-based, similar to the on-premises software license arrangements described above, and may also include usage-based terms. 
 In delivering methodology services, we leverage our experience and knowledge of design techniques, our products, leading practices and different design environments to improve the productivity of our customers engineering teams. Depending on the customers projects and needs, we work with customers using outsourced, consultative and collaborative offerings. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Third-Party Programs and Initiatives 
 In addition to our products, many customers use design tools that are provided by other companies, as well as design IP available from alternative suppliers. We support the use of third-party design products and design IP through our Cadence Connections program and through our participation in industry groups such as the Silicon Integration Initiative and Accellera System Initiative. We actively contribute to the development and deployment of industry standards. 
 Product and Maintenance and Services Revenue 
 Revenue, and revenue as a percentage of total revenue, from our product and maintenance and services offerings for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (In millions, except percentages) Product and maintenance 3,340 94 2,813 94 2,537 95 Services 222 6 175 6 146 5 Total revenue 3,562 2,988 2,683 
 Generally, between 85 and 90 of our annual revenue is characterized as recurring revenue. Recurring revenue includes revenue recognized over time from our software arrangements, services, royalties, maintenance on IP licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. Recurring revenue also includes revenue recognized at varying points in time over the term of other arrangements with non-cancelable commitments, whereby the customer commits to a fixed dollar amount over a specified period of time that can be used to purchase from a list of products or services. These arrangements do not meet the definition of a revenue contract until the customer executes a separate selection form to identify the products and services that they are purchasing. Each separate selection form under the arrangement is treated as an individual contract and accounted for based on the respective performance obligations. 
 The remainder of our revenue is recognized at a point in time and is characterized as up-front revenue. Up-front revenue is primarily generated by sales of emulation and prototyping hardware and individual IP licenses. The percentage of our recurring and up-front revenue may be impacted by delivery of hardware and IP products to its customers in any single fiscal period. 
 For additional information and analysis on our revenue, including revenue by geography, see the discussion under Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For our fiscal 2022 results of operations and our financial position as of December 31, 2022, see Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. We have elected to exclude the potential future royalty receipts from the remaining performance obligations. Contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were approximately 5.8 billion as of December 31, 2022, which included 0.4 billion of non-cancelable commitments from customers where actual product selection and quantities of specific products or services are to be determined by customers at a later date. Contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations will fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing of contract renewals and duration of the contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expected to recognize approximately 55 of the contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations, excluding non-cancelable commitments, as revenue over the next 12 months. The contracted, but unsatisfied performance obligations expected to generate revenue in the next 12 months include hardware orders that were previously undelivered due to production constraints. Due to increasing hardware production capacity, these performance obligations are expected to be satisfied in fiscal 2023. 
 Marketing and Sales 
 We generally market our products and provide services to existing and prospective customers through a direct sales force consisting of sales people and applications engineers. Applications engineers provide technical pre-sales and post-sales support for our products. Due to the complexity of many of our products and the system design process, the sales cycle is generally long, requiring three to six months or more. During the sales cycle, our direct sales force generally provides technical presentations, product demonstrations and support for on-site customer evaluation of our solutions. We also promote our products and services through advertising, marketing automation, trade shows, public relations and the internet. We selectively utilize value-added resellers to broaden our reach and reduce cost of sales. Our OrCAD products and certain Allegro products are primarily marketed through these channels. With respect to international sales, we generally market and support our products and services through our subsidiaries. We also use a third-party distributor to license our products and services to certain customers in Japan. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. The primary areas of our R D align with our product categories discussed above. We must continuously adapt our products to solve new or increased physics challenges that arise with each successive process node and address the increase in complexity that is introduced by the resulting much larger designs. We must also keep pace with our customers technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. Therefore, we expect to continue to invest in R D. 
 Hardware Manufacturing and Software Distribution 
 Our emulation and prototyping hardware, including all individual PCBs, custom ICs and FPGA-based prototyping components, is manufactured, assembled and tested by subcontractors before delivery to our customers. Software and documentation are primarily distributed to customers by secure electronic delivery. 
 Proprietary Technology 
 Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology. We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret laws, licenses and restrictive agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights in technology and products. Many of our products include software or other IP licensed from third parties. We may have to seek new licenses or renew existing licenses for third-party software and other IP in the future. As part of performing engineering services for customers, our engineering services business uses certain software and other IP licensed from third parties, including that of our competitors. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to our business and operations. These include, but are not limited to, laws and regulations related to trade controls, anti-corruption and anti-bribery, and data privacy and data protection, as well as antitrust, competition, and employment. 
 Trade controls. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions concerning the sale and shipment of our products and technology outside the United States and to foreign nationals, including tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, sanctions and other trade regulations. U.S. Export Administration Regulations include Entity List and Unverified List restrictions imposed by the Bureau of Industry and Security BIS of the U.S. Department of Commerce DOC ). BIS frequently adds entities to the Entity List and the Unverified List, some of which have been Cadence customers. BIS also issues new rules and regulations from time to time. In 2022, BIS issued new restrictions concerning advanced node IC production in China and extended controls to additional technologies, including electronic computer-aided design software specially designed for the development of ICs with Gate-All-Around Field-Effect Transistor structure. Trade regulations limiting or banning sales into certain countries or to certain companies have impacted our ability to transact business in certain countries and with certain customers. Future trade regulations may also impact our ability to transact business with certain customers and in certain countries and may restrict certain non-U.S. person employees from performing their duties at Cadence without first obtaining appropriate authorization if their duties involve an export, reexport, or transfer of export-controlled technology. 
 Anti-corruption and anti-bribery. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions concerning anti-corruption and anti-bribery, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, which prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials and bribes to other persons. 
 Data privacy and data protection. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions governing data privacy and data protection, including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union, which regulate our collection, handling and use of personal information. 
 The laws and regulations to which we are subject are complex and may change or develop over time, sometimes with limited or no advance notice. Developments or other changes in laws or regulations or how they are interpreted or enforced have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and increase our compliance-related expenditures. For additional information regarding risks related to laws and regulations, including existing restrictions imposed by BIS, as well as international relations, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Competition 
 We compete most frequently with Synopsys, Inc., Siemens EDA, and ANSYS, Inc., and also with numerous other tools providers, electronics device manufacturers with their own EDA capabilities, technical or computational software companies, electronics design and consulting companies, and other IP companies. These include U.S. based companies such as Keysight Technologies, Inc., Schr dinger, Inc., and CEVA, Inc., and foreign companies such as Altium Limited (Australia), Zuken Ltd. (Japan), and emerging competitors in China like Huada Empyrean, Avatar, Xpeedic, X-EPIC, Primarius Technologies, Univista, and Giga-DA. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Certain competitive factors in the engineering services business differ from those of the products businesses. While we compete with other computational software companies in the engineering services business, our principal competitors include independent engineering service businesses. Many of these companies are also customers, and therefore use our product offerings in the delivery of their services or products. 
 For more information on risks related to competitive factors affecting our business, see the relevant discussions throughout Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Human Capital Resource Management 
 Our future success is inextricably linked to our ability to attract, retain and develop exceptional talent globally. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we invest in key initiatives including, but not limited to, furthering diversity, equity and inclusion, physical and mental health, and talent development. To measure engagement and collect feedback from our employees, we administer regular employee engagement surveys. Our cultural tenet is One Team One Cadence. This culture-first message underpins our belief that a diverse, highly supported and engaged workforce is critical to the foundation of our business success. 
 Employees 
 Our employees represent the best and brightest in our industry, and the talent we select to be a part of our team defines our culture and success. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 10,200 employees. Our global workforce is highly educated, technical and specialized, with a substantial majority of employees working in technical roles. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that workforce diversity, equity and inclusion advance high performance and innovation. We recognize that gender and racial disparities remain a challenge in the technology field, and with a high proportion of technical employees, we are deeply committed to addressing this issue and have appointed executive sponsors to drive this commitment throughout our company. Some of our key programs and initiatives aimed at addressing this issue include: 
 Regular monitoring of the diversity of our current workforce and candidate pool, with an aim to identify and address areas where we can improve. 
 Partnerships with organizations such as National Society of Black Engineers, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Out in Tech, National GEM Consortium, and Society of Women Engineers to advance our inclusion efforts. These partnerships allow us to conduct recruiting, outreach and engagement with diverse communities. 
 An Advanced Leadership Program for top women, Black and Latinx talent, which provides specialized coaching, workshops and career opportunities. 
 An IMPACT mentorship program which gives women, U.S. Black and Latinx employees an opportunity to choose a meaningful mentor. 
 Unconscious bias and inclusive leadership training and resources for managers. 
 Inclusion groups for Black, Latinx, Asian American and Pacific Islanders, Indian and South Asian, LGBTQ+, Veterans, women employees and allies which host networking events to foster dialogue and promote awareness. 
 University programs to increase diversity that actively engages Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions including grants for diversity based scholarships. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 We strive to create a safe and rewarding environment to enable our employees to develop the innovations necessary for our sustained success. 
 To provide for both the physical and mental health of our employees, we offer a variety of benefits that go beyond traditional health insurance. Our U.S. health and well-being benefits include fertility benefits, coverage for transgender employees undergoing medical treatment, expanded new parent leave, adoption and surrogacy benefits, financial planning and coaching services, and legal services. We also provide training and tools for stress management, time management, conflict resolution and emotional well-being. 
 To promote employee health and well-being throughout the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have provided employees with a flexible, hybrid work model, additional time off to focus on themselves and their families, wellness initiatives (including physical, emotional and mental health), and global employee assistance programs to connect employees and their families with resources, information and counseling to address the challenges caused by the pandemic, such as increased anxiety or stress. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 To inspire and recognize our employees, we offer competitive compensation and benefits programs. Our compensation programs link employee compensation to our business and individual performance. We also offer a semi-annual bonus program, 401(k) match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan and equity compensation. In addition, our employees are eligible to receive monetary awards from their colleagues through our peer-to-peer recognition program. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Talent Development 
 To help employees succeed in their current roles, pursue their passions and develop the skills necessary for advancement, we provide formal training programs and curriculums in addition to on-the-job training. Our High Performance Culture portal provides our employees with valuable resources such as a comprehensive online Learning Management program with training and development tools on a broad range of topics and skills. We also offer tuition reimbursement opportunities to employees continuing in fields relevant to their job. 
 Community Outreach 
 We believe it is important that we create meaningful opportunities for employees to connect and contribute to their community. We provide opportunities for paid volunteer time off annually, charitable contribution matching, company-wide volunteer campaigns and international service immersion projects. 
 During fiscal 2021, we formed the Cadence Giving Foundation with the goal of giving back to the communities where we live and work. This stand-alone, non-profit foundation partners with other charitable initiatives to support critical needs in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental sustainability and science, technology, engineering, and mathematics STEM education. 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 We believe that, in general, the best and brightest talent is inclined to build a career with a responsible organization that positively impacts society. Among our efforts to be that type of organization, we recognize that climate change is one of the greatest challenges of our time, and we are committed to doing our part to contribute to the health of the planet by actively investing in initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint. We encourage you to review our 2021 Sustainability Report (located at www.cadence.com), and our 2022 Sustainability Report when released, for more information on our Environmental, Social and Governance ESG initiatives. The contents of our Sustainability Reports and website are not part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our headquarters is located at 2655 Seely Avenue, San Jose, California 95134. Our telephone number is (408) 943-1234. We use our website at www.cadence.com to communicate important information about our company, including news releases and financial information. Our website permits investors to subscribe to email notification alerts when we post new material information on our website. We also make available on our investor relations webpage, free of charge, copies of our SEC filings and submissions, which can be found at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such documents with the SEC. Stockholders may also request copies of these documents by writing to our Corporate Secretary at the address above. Website references are provided throughout this document for convenience only. The contents of these websites do not constitute a part of this Annual Report and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report unless expressly noted. 
 Fiscal Year End 
 Historically our fiscal years have been 52- or 53-week periods ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, were both 52-week fiscal years, compared to 2020, which was a 53-week fiscal year. 
 On September 7, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from the Saturday closest to December 31 of each year to December 31 of each year. The fiscal year change is effective beginning with our 2023 fiscal year, which began on January 1, 2023. Our fiscal quarters will end on March 31, June 30, and September 30. No transition report is required in connection with this change. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table provides information regarding our executive officers as of February 13, 2023: 
 Name Age Positions and Offices Anirudh Devgan 53 President and Chief Executive Officer John M. Wall 52 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas P. Beckley 65 Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Custom IC and PCB Group Paul Cunningham 45 Senior Vice President and General Manager of the System Verification Group Karna Nisewaner 48 Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Chin-Chi Teng 57 Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Digital and Signoff Group Neil Zaman 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 
 Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 ANIRUDH DEVGAN has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cadence since December 2021 and President of Cadence since November 2017. From May 2012 to November 2017, Dr. Devgan held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Executive Vice President, Research and Development from March 2017 to November 2017 and Senior Vice President, Research and Development from November 2013 to March 2017. Prior to joining Cadence, from May 2005 to March 2012, Dr. Devgan served as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of the Custom Design Business Unit at Magma Design Automation, Inc., an EDA company. Dr. Devgan has a B.Tech. in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, and an M.S. and Ph.D. in electrical and computer engineering from Carnegie Mellon University. 
 JOHN M. WALL has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cadence since October 2017. From October 2000 to September 2017, Mr. Wall held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Corporate Vice President and Corporate Controller from April 2016 to October 2017, Vice President, Finance and Operations, Worldwide Revenue Accounting and Sales Finance from 2015 to 2016 and Vice President, Finance and Operations, EMEA and Worldwide Revenue Accounting from 2005 to 2015. Mr. Wall has an NCBS from the Institute of Technology, Tralee and is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. 
 THOMAS P. BECKLEY has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Custom IC and PCB Group of Cadence since 2018. From September 2012 to September 2018, Mr. Beckley served as Senior Vice President, Research and Development of Cadence. From April 2004 to September 2012, Mr. Beckley served as Corporate Vice President, Research and Development of Cadence. Prior to joining Cadence, Mr. Beckley served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Neolinear, Inc., a developer of auto-interactive and automated analog/RF tools and solutions for mixed-signal design that was acquired by Cadence in April 2004. Mr. Beckley has a B.S. in mathematics and physics from Kalamazoo College and an M.B.A. from Vanderbilt University. 
 PAUL CUNNINGHAM has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the System Verification Group since March 2021. From August 2011 to March 2021, Mr. Cunningham held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Corporate Vice President of the System Verification Group beginning January 2018. Prior to joining Cadence, Mr. Cunningham was co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Azuro, Inc., a clock concurrent optimization company, that Cadence acquired in July 2011. Mr. Cunningham has an M.A. and Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom. 
 KARNA NISEWANER has served as Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Cadence since September 2022. From May 2011 to September 2022, Ms. Nisewaner held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Corporate Vice President and Deputy General Counsel beginning in May 2019. Prior to joining Cadence, Ms. Nisewaner held in-house counsel roles at Intuit from 2007 to 2011 and IBM from 2003 to 2007. Ms. Nisewaner was in private practice focused on intellectual property at Finnegan, Henderson, Farbow, Garrett, and Dunner, LLP from 2001 to 2003. Ms. Nisewaner has a B.S.E. in civil engineering and operations research from Princeton University and her J.D. from UCLA School of Law. 
 CHIN-CHI TENG has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Digital and Signoff Group of Cadence since September 2018. From January 2002 to September 2018, Dr. Teng held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Corporate Vice President, Research and Development from June 2015 to September 2018, and Vice President, Research and Development from March 2009 to June 2015. Dr. Teng has a B.S. in electrical engineering from the National Taiwan University and a Ph.D. in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. 
 NEIL ZAMAN has served as Chief Revenue Officer since October 2020 and as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations since September 2015. From October 1999 to September 2015, Mr. Zaman held several positions at Cadence, most recently as Corporate Vice President, North America Field Operations. Prior to joining Cadence, Mr. Zaman held positions at Phoenix Technologies Ltd., a developer of core system software, and IBM Corporation, a technology and consulting company. Mr. Zaman has a B.S. in finance from California State University, Hayward. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the sections below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, revenue, growth, prospects, demand, reputation, and the trading price of our common stock, and make an investment in us speculative or risky. The following does not summarize all of the risks that we face, and there may be additional risks or uncertainties that are currently unknown or not believed to be material that occur or become material. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. 
 Historical results of operations should not be viewed as reliable indicators of our future performance. Various factors affect our operating results, and some of them are not within our control. Our operating results for any period are affected by the mix of products and services sold in a given period and the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. In addition, we have recorded net losses in the past and may record net losses in the future. Also, our cash flows from operating activities have and will continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements and tax payments. 
 A substantial portion of the product revenue related to our hardware business and our IP offerings is recognized upon delivery, and our forecasted revenue results are based, in part, on our expectations of hardware and IP to be delivered in a particular quarter. Therefore, changes in hardware and IP bookings or deliveries relative to expectations will have a more immediate impact on our revenue than changes in software or services bookings, for which revenue is generally recognized over time. 
 As we continue to expand our IP offerings, a portion of the revenue related to our IP bookings will be deferred until we complete and deliver the licensed IP to our customers. As a result, costs related to the research and development of the IP may be incurred prior to the recognition of the related revenue. 
 Revenue related to our hardware and IP products is inherently difficult to predict because sales of our hardware and IP products depend on the commencement of new projects for the design and development of complex ICs and systems by our customers, our customers willingness to expend capital to deploy our new and existing hardware or IP products in those projects and the availability of our new and existing hardware or IP products for delivery. Therefore, our hardware or IP sales may be delayed or may decrease if our customers delay or cancel projects because their spending is constrained or if there are problems or delays with the supply, delivery or installation of our hardware or IP products or our hardware suppliers. Moreover, the hardware and IP markets are highly competitive, and our customers may choose to purchase a competitor s hardware or IP product based on cost, performance or other factors. These factors may result in lower revenue, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. 
 A substantial proportion of our software licenses yield revenue recognized over time, which may make it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue in future fiscal periods, and means that a decrease in orders in a given period would negatively affect our revenue in future periods. 
 We plan our operating expenses based on forecasted revenue, expected business needs and other factors such as inflation. These expenses and the effect of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. Bookings and the related revenue are harder to forecast in a difficult economic environment. If we experience a shortfall in bookings, our operating results could differ from our expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce our expenses in response to short-term business changes. Our operating expenses are also impacted by economic conditions, such as inflation. Unexpected increases in inflation could cause our expenses to increase at a rate faster than our product pricing to recover such increases. 
 The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations (see Critical Accounting Estimates under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ). Such methods, estimates and judgments are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that may lead us to change our methods, estimates and judgments. Changes in those methods, estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations. 
 Any periods of uncertainty in the global economy and international trade relations, changes in governmental policies relating to technology, and any potential downturn in the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively impact our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue. 
 Purchases of our products and services are dependent upon the commencement of new design projects by IC manufacturers and electronics systems companies. The IC and electronics systems industries are cyclical and are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. 
 The IC and electronics systems industries have also experienced significant downturns in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles of both these industries and their customers products. The current outlook for the global economy is uncertain and may result in a decrease in spending on our products and services despite recent growth. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertainty caused by the recent challenging global political and economic conditions, including the effects of the recent rise in inflation and interest rates, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, adverse changes to international trade relationships between countries in which we do business, protectionist measures or future decline in corporate or consumer spending could negatively impact our customers businesses, reducing the number of new chip designs and their overall research and development spending, including their spending on our products and services, and as a result decrease demand for our products and services. Decreased bookings for our products and services, customer bankruptcies, consolidation among our customers, or problems or delays with our hardware suppliers or with the supply or delivery of our hardware products could also adversely affect our ability to grow our business or adversely affect our future revenue and financial results. Our business could also be impacted by political, economic and legal actions and conditions in regions in which our suppliers or customers operate, including Taiwan, which serves as a central hub for the technology industry supply chain. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainties that could impact our stock price. If economic conditions or international trade relationships between countries in which we do business deteriorate in the future, or, in particular, if semiconductor or electronics systems industry revenues do not grow, including as a result of the current global semiconductor shortage extending or intensifying, the ability to export or import products or services by the semiconductor or electronics systems industry is adversely restricted, or our supplies of hardware components and products are subject to problems or delays, we may be adversely affected. Further, while our ability to do business has not been materially affected, political or economic conflicts between various global actors, and responsive measures that have been or could be taken, have created and can further create significant global economic uncertainty that could prolong or expand such conflicts, which could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies and harm our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in global markets as well as a variety of other laws and regulations. 
 We must comply with regulations of the United States and of certain other countries in selling or shipping our products and transferring our technology outside the United States, to foreign nationals or across borders. Changes in these regulations or restrictions due to changes in trade relationships with the United States, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, sanctions, trade embargoes and other trade barriers, could harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 For example, the BIS maintains and frequently updates the Entity List, which limits our ability to deliver products and services to these entities, some of which are our customers. When customers are on the Entity List or are subject to new or expanded trade restrictions, it has a negative effect on our ability to sell products and provide services to these customers. In addition, the issuance of new or expanded trade restrictions, such as the continued expansion of the military end-user and military end-use rule, the foreign-produced direct product rules, or any other rule that prevents a class of technology from export to any specific country or countries without a license, could increase our costs or expenses. Anticipated or actual changes in trade restrictions could also affect customer purchasing behaviors. Entity List restrictions and other trade restrictions may also encourage customers to seek substitute products from our competitors, including a growing class of foreign competitors and open source alternatives, that are not subject to these restrictions or to develop their own solutions, thereby decreasing our long-term competitiveness. In particular, China s stated national policy to be a global leader in all segments of the semiconductor industry by 2030 has resulted in and may continue to cause increased competitive capability in China. In addition, although customers are not prohibited from paying (and we are not restricted from collecting) for products we previously delivered to them, the credit risks associated with outstanding receivables from customers on the Entity List including receivables from anti-piracy enforcement efforts and litigation settlements and other trade restrictions could increase. 
 We cannot predict whether or when any changes will be made that eliminate or decrease these limitations on our ability to sell products and provide services to these Entity List customers or other customers impacted by other trade restrictions. We are unable to predict the duration of the export restrictions imposed with respect to any particular customer, technology, country or region or the long-term effects on our business or our customers businesses. In addition, there may be indirect impacts to our business which we cannot reasonably quantify, including that a country-specific export control may limit or prevent our employees who are nationals of the restricted country from performing their duties unless a license can be obtained. Additionally our business may also be impacted by other trade restrictions that may be imposed by the U.S., China, or other countries. Restrictions on our ability to sell and ship our products to customers on the Entity List have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Failure to obtain export licenses or restrictions on trade imposed by the United States or other countries could harm our business by rendering us unable to sell or ship products and transfer our technology outside of the United States or across borders. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to help us comply with all applicable trade restrictions, we and governmental authorities have had and may in the future have reason to inquire into particular sales. For example, in February 2021, we received an administrative subpoena from BIS requesting the production of records in connection with certain sales to China. We have been cooperating with BIS and responding to the subpoena. Such inquiries are subject to uncertainties and the outcomes of this and other proceedings that may occur are difficult to predict. The laws and policies of the United States and other countries in this area are evolving and changing, and we have experienced and may continue to experience challenges in complying with new rules as they become effective. The application and interpretation of these laws and policies can also be uncertain and change over time, and we may need to adjust our policies and procedures accordingly. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws and policies could have negative consequences, including significant legal costs, government investigations, penalties, denial of export privileges and debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, reputation and financial condition. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to export control laws, our global operations are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, tax, corporate governance, financial and other disclosures, competition, antitrust, data privacy, data protection and employment. These laws and regulations are complex and may have differing or conflicting legal standards, making compliance difficult and costly, and changes to these laws may require us to make significant changes to our business operations that may adversely affect our business overall. The policies and procedures we have implemented to assist our compliance with these laws and regulations do not provide complete assurance that our employees, contractors, agents or partners will not violate such laws and regulations. Any violation individually or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our operations, reputation and financial condition. 
 As we acquire and invest in companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and these acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. 
 As part of our business strategy, we invest in, and acquire complementary businesses, joint venture, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. 
 Acquisitions and other transactions, arrangements and investments involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 
 the failure to realize, or a delay in realizing, anticipated benefits; 
 the failure to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all, including as a result of regulatory approval dynamics; 
 potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired companies, technologies or products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate them into our organization and offerings; 
 brand or reputational harm; 
 the failure to understand, compete and operate effectively in markets where we have limited experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 
 the failure to integrate, combine or manage acquired products, infrastructure, technologies and businesses effectively and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or permanent basis; 
 difficulties in integrating and assimilating acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both acquired and existing employees; 
 diversion of financial resources and management s attention from day-to-day business; 
 overlapping customers and product sets that impact our ability to maintain revenue at historical rates; 
 unanticipated costs or assumed liabilities, including those incurred to remediate issues of an acquired company discovered during due diligence or thereafter, such that we cannot realize the anticipated value of the acquisition; 
 contingent payments in connection with acquisitions in the future where we may be required to make certain contingent payments without deriving the value we expect to derive from an acquisition in excess of such payments; 
 unwillingness of customers of an acquired business to continue licensing or buying products from us or delays in customer purchases; 
 difficulties managing any strategic investment or collaboration that we do not control or for which we do not have sole decision-making authority; 
 impairment charges or other adverse accounting outcomes related to acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 the failure or cessation of operations by entities in which we made strategic investments or collaboration agreements; 
 the loss of some or all of the value of our investment; 
 additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; and 
 the tax effects of any such acquisitions including related integration and business operation changes, and assessment of the impact on the realizability of our future tax assets or liabilities 
 Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate future acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, if we finance acquisitions or investments by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect the market price of our common stock. Future acquisitions or investments may also require the expenditure of substantial cash resources. These arrangements may impact our liquidity, financial position and results of operations or increase dilution of our stockholders equity interests in the company. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions and investments in the technology sector. For example, the U.S. and several other countries have adopted, or are considering adopting restrictions on transactions involving foreign investments. Antitrust authorities in a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions and investments in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions, investments or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely impact our revenue, expenses, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We have significant operations outside the United States. Our revenue from international operations as a percentage of total revenue has historically exceeded 50 , and we expect that revenue from our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. We also transact business in various foreign currencies, although the majority of our revenue contracts worldwide are denominated in U.S. dollars. Approximately one third of our total costs and expenses are transacted in foreign currencies. Volatility of currencies in countries where we conduct business, most notably the U.S. dollar, Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, European Union euro, British pound and Indian rupee, have had and may in the future have an effect on our revenue or operating results. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could seriously affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including due to inflation, devaluations and currency controls. For example, if we price our products and services in a non-U.S. market in the local currency, we receive fewer U.S. dollars when the local currency declines in value relative to the U.S. dollar. If we price our products and services in a non-U.S. market in U.S. dollars, a decrease in value of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar could result in our prices being uncompetitive in that market. On the other hand, when a foreign currency increases in value relative to the U.S. dollar, it takes more U.S. dollars to purchase the same amount of the foreign currency. As we use the foreign currency to fund payroll costs and other operating expenses in our international operations, this results in an increase in operating expenses. Our attempts to reduce the effect of foreign currency fluctuations may be unsuccessful, and exchange rate movements may adversely impact our results of operations as expressed in U.S. dollars. 
 We could suffer serious harm to our business because of the infringement of our intellectual property rights by third parties or because of our infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties, as well as any associated efforts to enforce such rights, including through intellectual property litigation. 
 There are numerous patents relating to our business and ecosystem. New patents are being issued at a rapid rate and are owned by computational software companies as well as entities and individuals outside the computational software field, including parties whose income is primarily derived from infringement-related licensing and litigation. It is not always practicable or possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes the patent rights of others. As a result, from time to time, we may be compelled to respond to or assert intellectual property infringement claims to protect our rights or defend a customer s rights. For example, some customers have requested we defend and indemnify them against claims asserted in various legal proceedings by Bell Semiconductor LLC Bell Semi ), a patent monetization entity, based on Bell Semi s allegation that the customers use of one or more features of certain Cadence products infringe one or more of six patents held by Bell Semi. We have offered to defend some of our customers consistent with the terms of our license agreements. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims, including contractual defense reimbursement obligations related to third-party claims against our customers, regardless of merit, could consume valuable management time, result in costly litigation or cause product shipment delays, all of which could seriously harm our business, operating results or financial condition. We have been subject to intellectual property infringement claims and actions alleging that Cadence products and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. 
 Intellectual property litigation could compel us to do one or more of the following: 
 pay damages (including the potential for treble damages), license fees or royalties (including royalties for past periods); 
 stop licensing products or providing services that use the challenged intellectual property; 
 obtain a license to sell or use the relevant technology, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all; or 
 redesign the challenged technology, which could be time consuming and costly, or impossible. 
 If we were compelled to take any of these actions, our business, reputation or operating results might suffer. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 If our security measures are breached or vulnerabilities are discovered in our products and services, and an unauthorized party obtains access to customer data, financial data or assets or our proprietary business information, our information systems and products and services may be perceived as being unsecure, we could experience business or financial harm, and our business and reputation could be harmed. 
 Our products and services involve storage, including cloud-based storage, and transmission of our proprietary information and that of our customers. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure, as well as our products and services, may be vulnerable to cyber attacks by unauthorized third parties (which may include nation-states and individuals sponsored by them) or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other vulnerabilities or disruptions, which could result in unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information and could significantly interfere with our business operations or those of our customers. Third parties attempt to gain unauthorized access through a variety of methods (such as the use of viruses, malware, ransomware, phishing, denial of service attacks and other cyber attacks) and corrupt the processes of the products and services that we provide. Furthermore, the risk of state-supported and geopolitical-related cybersecurity incidents may increase due to geopolitical incidents, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine. We may also be a target of malicious attacks to gain access to our network, including our Cadence Cloud portfolio, which includes both our managed and customer-managed environments, or data centers or those of our customers or end users; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, services or infrastructure; steal financial data or assets; or interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or others. Breaches of our security measures or vulnerabilities in our products or services could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, loss of financial assets, business interruption, litigation and potential liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage information systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. In recent years, we have observed, and expect to continue to see, far reaching vulnerabilities, including zero-day software vulnerabilities impacting many systems globally. Furthermore, we have acquired and may continue to acquire companies with less sophisticated security measures and that have had or may experience in the future cybersecurity incidents causing business or financial harm. In addition, if we select a vendor that uses cloud storage of information as part of their service or product offerings or are selected as a vendor for our Cadence Cloud portfolio, despite our attempts to validate the security of such services, our proprietary information may be misappropriated by third parties. In the event of an actual or perceived breach of our security, or a vendor's security, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, legal or regulatory actions could be initiated against us and we could suffer damage to our reputation or our business, or lose existing customers and our ability to obtain new customers (including government customers), or suffer harm to our financial condition. The loss, misuse or theft of personal data collected, used, stored or transferred by us, vendors or other third parties in the course of running our business could result in business or financial harm, damage to our reputation and legal or regulatory proceedings. 
 Risks associated with our international operations could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 A significant amount of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and we have offices throughout the world, including key research and development facilities outside of the United States. Our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including: 
 government trade restrictions, including tariffs, export or import regulations, sanctions or other trade barriers, including licensing requirements for exports, which may lengthen the sales cycle or restrict or prohibit the sale or licensing of certain products; 
 country-specific export controls could impact our employees who are nationals of the restricted country, preventing these foreign nationals from performing their technology-focused roles which may slow our pace of innovation and/or impact our ability to service customers unless an export license is granted; 
 limitations on repatriation of earnings and on the conversion of foreign currencies; 
 reduced protection of intellectual property rights and heightened exposure to intellectual property theft; 
 longer collection periods for receivables and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 
 difficulties in managing foreign operations; 
 political and economic conditions, such as global economic downturns or recessions in the regions in which we do business, as well as macroeconomic and policy impacts of political instability and armed conflicts; 
 unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements; 
 differing employment practices and labor issues or inability to continue to offer competitive compensation; 
 variations in costs or expenses associated with our international operations, including as a result of changes in foreign tax laws or devaluation of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies; and 
 public health emergencies and related public health measures, including restrictions on travel between jurisdictions in which we and our customers and suppliers operate. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Some of our international research and development and other facilities are in parts of the world where there may be a greater risk of business interruption as a result of political instability, terrorist acts or military conflicts than businesses located domestically. Damage to or disruptions at our international research and development facilities could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to develop new products or improve existing products. We are not insured for losses or interruptions caused by acts of war. Furthermore, our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations, such as cyber hacking, computer system viruses, natural disasters, public health emergencies, civil unrest or terrorism, could significantly harm our business operations. 
 In addition, internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not prevent our employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the laws and regulations applicable to our worldwide operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, the impact of COVID-19 variants and the effects of containment measures. Our business and operations, as well as that of our customers, suppliers, contract manufacturers and other counterparties, could continue to be disrupted for an indefinite period of time. As a result of the pandemic, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, inefficiencies, delays and additional costs in our product development, business operations and hardware product deliveries, as well as volatility in the demand for our products and services and the availability of supplies. The pandemic has also caused volatility in the financial markets and may increase the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and extended periods of high inflation, which could continue to affect demand for our products and services, our ability to collect payments from our customers and impact our results and financial condition. In addition, the pandemic has had, and may have, the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations. 
 Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key employees. Competition for highly skilled executive officers and employees can be intense, particularly in geographic areas recognized as high technology centers. In addition, competition for qualified personnel, including software engineers, in the EDA, commercial electronics engineering services and IP industries has intensified. Further, increased uncertainty regarding social, political and immigration policies in the United States and abroad may make it difficult to recruit employees with adequate experience; and governmental policies resulting in increased funding of domestic technology companies, such as China s stated national policy to be a global leader in all segments of the semiconductor industry by 2030, has caused and may continue to cause difficulty in retaining and attracting local talent. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in training, retaining and motivating existing personnel. Our ability to do so also depends on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees, particularly as we transition employees back to the office, and hiring and training of new employees may be adversely impacted by global economic uncertainty and office closures. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring and departure of executive officers, and as a result, we may experience disruption to our business that may harm our operating results and our relationships with our employees, customers and suppliers may be adversely affected. 
 To attract, retain and motivate individuals with the requisite expertise, we may be required to grant large numbers of stock options or other stock-based incentive awards, which may be dilutive to existing stockholders and increase compensation expense, and pay significant base salaries and cash bonuses, which could harm our operating results. The high cost of training new employees, not fully utilizing these employees, or losing trained employees to competing employers could also reduce our operating margins and harm our business or operating results. 
 We rely on our proprietary technology, as well as software and other intellectual property rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate or that we will continue to be able to adequately secure such intellectual property rights from third parties. 
 Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology. We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, licenses and restrictive agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights in technology and products. Despite the precautions we may take to protect our intellectual property, third parties have tried in the past, and may try in the future, to challenge, invalidate or circumvent these safeguards. Our patents and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with sufficient competitive advantages. Patents may not be issued on any of our pending applications and our issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent as applicable law protects these rights in the United States, and we may encounter difficulties in our attempts to protect our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions, including as a result of impacts from changes in international trade relationships. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights, or deter or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Many of our products include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. We may have to seek new or renew existing licenses for such software and other intellectual property in the future. Our engineering services business holds licenses to certain software and other intellectual property owned by third parties, including that of our competitors. Our failure to obtain software, other intellectual property licenses or other intellectual property rights that are necessary or helpful for our business on favorable terms, or our need to engage in litigation over these licenses or rights, could seriously harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We have substantial cash requirements in the United States, but a significant portion of our cash is held and generated outside of the United States, and if our cash available in the United States is insufficient to meet our operating expenses and debt repayment obligations in the United States, then we may be required to raise cash in ways that could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 We have significant operations outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 76 of our cash and cash equivalents balance was held by subsidiaries outside the United States, with the remainder of the balance held by us or our subsidiaries in the United States. While we believe that the combination of our current U.S. cash and cash equivalents, future U.S. operating cash flows, cash available under our revolving credit facility and other cash that may be accessible to us through financing arrangements on attractive terms are sufficient to meet our ongoing U.S. operating expenses and debt repayment obligations, we cannot accurately predict the full impact that evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions may have on our cash flows. In addition, although the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act has reduced the tax impact of repatriation of foreign earnings, there are still administrative processes associated with repatriation of foreign earnings that could affect the timing of returning cash to the U.S. from non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, if our U.S. cash were insufficient to meet our future funding obligations in the United States, we could be required to seek funding sources on less attractive terms, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position and the market price of our common stock. 
 The long sales cycle of our products and services may cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly. 
 Generally, we have a long sales cycle that can extend up to six months or longer. The complexity and expense associated with our products and services generally require a lengthy customer education, evaluation and approval process. Consequently, we may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management effort and expense to develop potential relationships that do not result in agreements or revenue and may prevent us from pursuing other opportunities. In addition, sales of our products and services have been and may in the future be delayed if customers delay approval or commencement of projects because of the timing of customers competitive evaluation processes or customers budgetary constraints and budget cycles. Long sales cycles for hardware products subject us to a number of significant risks over which we have limited control, including insufficient, excess or obsolete inventory, variations in inventory valuation and fluctuations in quarterly operating results. Further, economic conditions, including economic downturn and rising inflation, may have a delayed impact on our results and financial condition as a result of our long sales cycles. Similarly, such macroeconomic conditions may impact our long sales cycles by making it difficult for our customers to plan future business activities, which could cause customers to limit spending or delay decision-making. 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial costs in connection with restructuring plans, which might not result in the benefits we anticipate, possibly having a negative effect on our future operating results. 
 From time to time, we initiate restructuring plans in an effort to better align our resources with our business strategy. We incur substantial costs to implement restructuring plans, and our restructuring activities may subject us to reputational risks and litigation risks and expenses. Our past restructuring plans do not provide any assurance that we will realize anticipated cost savings or other benefits from any restructuring plans we implement in the future. In addition, restructuring plans may have other consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned reduction in workforce, a negative effect on employee morale and productivity or our ability to attract highly skilled employees. Our competitors may also use any restructuring plans we implement in the future to seek to gain a competitive advantage over us. As a result, restructuring plans may affect our revenue and other operating results in the future. 
 The investment of our cash is subject to risks that may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments. 
 Our marketable investments include various money market funds and may include other investments as well. Weakened financial markets have at times adversely impacted the general credit, liquidity, market prices and interest rates for these and other types of investments. Additionally, changes in monetary policy by the Federal Open Market Committee or other relevant regulators and concerns about the rising U.S. government debt level may cause a decrease in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar and adversely affect our investment portfolio. The financial market and monetary risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to the risk of natural disasters and global climate change. 
 Our corporate headquarters, including certain of our research and development operations and certain of our distribution facilities, is located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known to experience seismic activity and wildfires. If significant seismic activity or wildfires were to occur or reoccur, our operations may be interrupted, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our offices around the world may also be adversely impacted by natural disasters, including those intensified by climate change. Our offices, and those of our customers and suppliers, can be disrupted by droughts, extreme temperatures, fires, flooding and other climate change-related risks, as well as earthquakes, actions by utility providers, and other catastrophic events such as an actual or threatened public health emergency. If a catastrophic event occurs at or near any of our offices, or utility providers or public health officials take certain actions (e.g., shut off power to our facilities or impose travel restrictions), our operations may be interrupted, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. If a catastrophic event impacts a significant number of our customers, resulting in decreased demand for their and our products, or our ability to provide services and maintenance to our customers, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Risks Related to Customers, Suppliers and Industry Competition 
 Customer consolidation could affect our operating results. 
 There has been a trend toward customer consolidation in the semiconductor industry through business combinations, including mergers, asset acquisitions and strategic partnerships. If this trend continues, it could make us more dependent on fewer customers who may be able to exert increased pressure on our prices and other contract terms and could increase the portion of our total sales concentration for any single customer. Customer consolidation activity could also reduce the demand for our products and services if such customers streamline research and development or operations, reduce purchases or delay purchasing decisions. These outcomes could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers increasing technological requirements and to continue to develop or acquire technological capabilities could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete and impede our ability to address the requirements in technology segments that are expected to contribute to our growth. 
 Our strategy is designed to increase our business among electronic systems companies, which are now developing their own ICs and other electronic subsystems. Our strategy is also intended to increase our business among semiconductor companies, which are increasing their contribution to the end products into which their ICs and other electronic subsystems are incorporated. Part of this strategy involves addressing the needs across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial and healthcare, where increased investment is expected by our customers. Each of these markets require technologies, expertise, and marketing and operations infrastructure that are application-specific. Our inability to develop or acquire these application-specific capabilities could impede our ability to expand our business in these categories and ultimately affect our future growth. Currently, the industries we serve are experiencing the following trends: 
 changes in the design and manufacturing of ICs, including migration to advanced-process nodes and three-dimensional transistors, such as FinFETs, present major challenges to the semiconductor industry, particularly in IC design, design automation, design of manufacturing equipment, and the manufacturing process itself. With migration to advanced-process nodes, the industry must adapt to more complex physics and manufacturing challenges, such as the need to draw features on silicon that are many times smaller than the wavelength of light used to draw the features via lithography. Models of each component s electrical properties and behavior also become more complex as do requisite analysis, design, verification and manufacturing capabilities. Novel design tools and methodologies must be invented and enhanced quickly to remain competitive in the design of electronics in the smallest nanometer ranges; 
 the ability to design SoCs increases the complexity of managing a design that, at the lowest level, is represented by billions of shapes on fabrication masks. In addition, SoCs typically incorporate microprocessors and DSPs that are programmed with software, requiring simultaneous design of the IC and the related software embedded on the IC; 
 with the availability of seemingly endless gate capacity, there is an increase in design reuse, or the combining of off-the-shelf design IP with custom logic to create ICs or SoCs. The unavailability of a broad range of high-quality design IP (including our own) that can be reliably incorporated into a customer s design with our software products and services could lead to reduced demand for our products and services; 
 increased technological capability of the FPGA logic chip, which creates an alternative to IC implementation for some companies and could reduce demand for our IC implementation products and services; 
 a growing number of low-cost engineering service businesses could reduce the need for some IC companies to invest in EDA products; 
 adoption of cloud computing technologies with accompanying new engagement models for an increasing number of software categories may impact our business; 
 integration and optimization of solutions for system design with core EDA technologies could result in reduced demand for our broad portfolio; 
 with Moore's Law slowing, the trend towards more on-chip integration and advanced system level 3D package design may change the requirements for the design, multiphysics analysis, and verification of complex homogeneous and heterogeneous systems; and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 changing end-user dynamics in our target technology verticals - including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial and healthcare - could advance the need from simple ICs to full-system design and analysis capabilities that require increasingly complex computational software-based solutions. 
 If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position, and our products or technologies may become obsolete. To compete successfully, we must develop, acquire or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum of designers and designer expertise in our industries. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products in order to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods because of the rapid changes in our customers industries. The market must also accept our new and improved products. Our hardware platforms must be enhanced periodically to reduce the likelihood that a competitor surpasses the capabilities we offer. Our introduction of new products could reduce the demand and revenue of our older products or affect their pricing. We must also be able to support a range of changing computer software, hardware platforms and customer preferences. A transition by our customers to different business models associated with cloud computing technologies could result in reduced revenue. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in keeping pace with all, or any, of the customer trends. 
 We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies and technical sales support. Such investments may affect our operating results, and, if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our revenue and operating results may suffer. 
 We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development for new and existing products, technologies and services in response to our customers increasing technological requirements. Such investments may be in related areas, such as technical sales support, and may include increases in employee headcount. These investments may involve significant time, risks and uncertainties, including the risk that the expenses associated with these investments may affect our margins and operating results and that such investments may not generate sufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments. We believe that we must continue to invest a significant amount of time and resources in our research and development efforts and technical sales support to maintain and improve our competitive position. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, or if customers reduce or slow the need to upgrade or enhance their computational software products and design flows, our revenue and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results and revenue could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies and defaults or modifications of licenses. 
 Our customers have and may continue to face challenging financial or operating conditions, including due to macroeconomic conditions or catastrophic events, and delay or default on their payment commitments to us, request to modify contract terms, or modify or cancel plans to license our products. Our customers inability to fulfill payment commitments, in turn, could adversely affect our revenue, operating expenses and cash flow. Additionally, our customers have, in the past, sought, and may, in the future, seek, to renegotiate pre-existing contractual commitments. Payment defaults by our customers or significant reductions in existing contractual commitments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully in our industries. 
 The industries in which we do business, including software, hardware, IP and services for enabling the design of electronic products, are highly competitive and require us to identify and develop or acquire innovative and cost-competitive products, integrate them into platforms and market them in a timely manner. We may not be able to compete successfully in these industries, which could seriously harm our business, operating results or financial condition. Factors that could affect our ability to compete successfully include: 
 the development by others of competitive products or platforms and engineering services, possibly resulting in a shift of customer preferences away from our products and services and significantly decreased revenue; 
 aggressive pricing competition by some of our competitors, including through significant discounts, may cause us to reduce the prices of our products, offer terms that are unfavorable to us or lose our competitive position, any of which could result in lower revenue or profitability and could adversely impact our ability to realize the revenue and profitability forecasts for our software or emulation and prototyping hardware systems products and could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for our products; 
 the challenges of advanced-node design may lead some customers to work with more mature, less risky manufacturing processes that may reduce their need to upgrade or enhance their EDA products and design flows; 
 the challenges of developing (or acquiring externally developed) technology solutions that are adequate and competitive in meeting the rapidly evolving requirements of next-generation design challenges; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 intense competition to attract acquisition targets, possibly making it more difficult for us to acquire companies or technologies at an acceptable price, or at all; 
 new entrants, including larger electronic systems companies, in our industry; 
 the combination of our competitors or collaboration among many companies to deliver more comprehensive offerings than they could individually; 
 our entry into new product categories or technology verticals, including those in which success depends on absolute or relative scale; 
 decisions by electronics manufacturers to perform engineering services or IP development internally, rather than purchase these services from outside vendors due to budget constraints or excess engineering capacity; 
 actions by regulators to limit the contractual terms that either we or our customers can apply to product and service offerings; and 
 events or circumstances that damage the reputation of our company, leadership, products, services or technologies. 
 For more information about our specific competitors, see Competition under Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our future revenue is dependent in part upon our installed customer base continuing to license or buy products and purchase services. 
 Our installed customer base has traditionally generated additional new license, services and maintenance revenues. In future periods, customers may not necessarily license or buy additional products or contract for additional services or maintenance. Our customers, many of which are large semiconductor and systems companies, often have significant bargaining power in negotiations with us. Customer consolidation can reduce the total level of purchases of our software, hardware, IP and services, and in some cases, increase customers bargaining power in negotiations with their suppliers, including us. 
 We depend on a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products, making us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. 
 Our reliance on single or a limited number of suppliers and contract manufacturers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products has resulted in, and could continue to result in, some product delivery delays and reduced control over contractual terms and quality. In some cases, it may not be practical or feasible to have multiple sources to procure certain key components. We have suffered from, and may continue to suffer from delays and other disruptions in the supply of certain hardware components and the delivery of products by our contract manufacturers. Such delays and disruptions may be due to a variety of factors, including bankruptcy, shutdown or upstream supply chain issues, and may prevent us from delivering completed hardware products to customers or from supplying new evaluation units to customers, which could have a negative impact on our revenue and operating results. For example, the global semiconductor shortage since 2021 has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact multiple segments of the semiconductor industry, including our company and our customers. 
 Tax, Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 Our results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of U.S. and foreign tax law changes, outcomes of current or future tax examinations, or by material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rates. 
 Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions are evolving and may be subject to significant changes due to economic, political and other conditions. Governments, including the United States, are increasingly focused on ways to increase tax revenues, particularly from multinational corporations, which have led to changes in tax laws, an increase in audit activity and harsher positions taken by tax authorities. We are currently subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions and these jurisdictions have assessed, or may assess, additional tax liabilities against us. 
 Our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the United States and in multiple foreign jurisdictions, with a significant amount of our foreign earnings generated by our subsidiaries organized in Ireland and Hungary. Any significant change in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by factors that include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws in jurisdictions in which we have business activity, earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions with low statutory tax rates, changes in tax benefits from stock-based compensation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in our recognition or measurement of a tax position taken in a prior period, increases to interest or penalty expenses, new accounting standards or interpretations of such standards, or results of examinations by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), state, and foreign tax or other governmental authorities. For example, our fiscal 2022 effective tax rate and cash tax payments increased significantly compared to fiscal 2021, which primarily resulted from a fiscal 2022 requirement that we capitalize and amortize R D costs, rather than expense these costs as incurred for U.S. corporate income tax purposes. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The IRS and other tax authorities regularly examine our income tax returns and other non-income tax returns, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth or franchise, property, goods and services, consumption, import, stamp, and excise taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. The calculation of our provision for income taxes and our accruals for other taxes requires us to use significant judgment and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations. In determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, we regularly assess the potential settlement outcomes resulting from income tax examinations. However, the final outcome of tax examinations cannot be estimated with certainty and could be materially different from the amount that is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals for other taxes. Should the IRS or other tax authorities assess additional taxes, penalties or interest as a result of a current or a future examination, we may be required to record charges to operations in future periods that could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows in the applicable period or periods. 
 In August 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which included a new book minimum tax on certain large corporations, an excise tax on stock buybacks and significant funding for IRS enforcement efforts. In October 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD announced an agreement among 137 countries to adopt new rules to provide greater taxing rights to jurisdictions where customers or users are located and the introduction of a corporate global minimum tax rate of 15 in the near future. In December 2022, the European Union and the Korean legislature announced the introduction of the global minimum tax in fiscal 2024. Furthermore, many countries have enacted or proposed new laws to tax digital transactions. These developments in tax laws and regulations, and compliance with these rules, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 Forecasts of our annual effective tax rate do not include the anticipation of future tax law changes and are complex and subject to uncertainty because our income tax position for each year combines the effects of estimating the amount and composition of our annual income or loss in jurisdictions with varying income tax rates, as well as benefits from available deferred tax assets, the impact of various accounting rules, our interpretations of changes in tax laws and results of tax audits. In addition, we account for certain tax benefits from stock-based compensation in the period the stock compensation vests or is settled, which may cause increased variability in our quarterly effective tax rates. If there were a material difference between forecasted and actual tax rates, it could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 Litigation, government investigations or regulatory proceedings could adversely affect our financial condition or operations. 
 We or our products or technologies currently are, and in the future may be, involved in or subject to various disputes and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and legal proceedings related to intellectual property, indemnification, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, contracts, customers, products, distribution and other commercial arrangements and employee relations matters. Governments and regulatory agencies in the jurisdictions in which we operate may also open or initiate investigations or regulatory proceedings. For information regarding legal proceedings in which we are currently engaged, please refer to the discussion under Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 18 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. We cannot provide any assurances that the final outcome of these legal proceedings or any other proceedings that may arise in the future will not have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Legal proceedings can be time consuming and expensive and could divert management s time and attention from our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. 
 Errors or defects in our products and services could expose us to liability and harm our business. 
 Our customers use our products and services in designing and developing products that involve a high degree of technological complexity, each of which has its own specifications. Because of the complexity of the systems and products with which we work, some of our products and designs can be adequately tested only when put to full use in the marketplace. As a result, our customers or their end users may discover errors or defects in our software or the systems we design, or the products or systems incorporating our design and intellectual property may not operate as expected. Errors or defects could result in: 
 reputational damage; 
 failure to attract new or retain existing customers or market share and acceptance; 
 diversion of development resources to resolve the problem; 
 loss of or delay in revenue or payments and increased service costs; and 
 liability for damages. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in United States generally accepted accounting principles, and we may incur significant costs to adjust our accounting systems and processes to comply with significant changes. 
 United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. We are also subject to evolving rules and regulations of the countries in which we do business. Changes to accounting standards or interpretations thereof may result in different accounting principles under U.S. GAAP that could have a significant effect on our reported financial results. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we have in the past and may in the future need to significantly change our customer contracts, accounting systems and processes when we adopt future or proposed changes in accounting principles. The cost and effect of these changes may negatively impact our results of operations during the periods of transition . 
 If we become subject to unfair hiring claims, we could be prevented from hiring needed employees, incur liability for damages and incur substantial costs in defending ourselves. 
 When companies in our industry lose employees to competitors, they frequently claim that these competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices or that the employment of these persons would involve the disclosure or use of trade secrets. These claims could prevent us from hiring employees or cause us to incur liability for damages. We could also incur substantial costs in defending ourselves or our employees against these claims, regardless of their merits. Defending ourselves from these claims could also divert the attention of our management away from our operations. 
 We are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, Nasdaq, and the FASB, as well as evolving investor and stakeholder expectations around corporate governance, executive compensation and environmental and social practices and disclosures. These rules, regulations and expectations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by the U.S. and foreign governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. The increase in costs to comply with such evolving expectations, rules and regulations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us. Our disclosures and public positions or commitments on these matters may change from time to time, as may corresponding internal controls and external reporting standards, which can expose us to reputational, legal, and other risks, including as a result of a failure or perceived failure to achieve publicly disclosed aspirations, targets, or goals, such as our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, or a failure to report accurately. 
 Risks Related to Our Securities and Indebtedness 
 Our stock price has been and may continue to be subject to fluctuations. 
 Our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors or analysts valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings and other factors beyond our control such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary pressures, other macroeconomic factors and associated economic downturn. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business or security of our products, can cause changes in our stock price. In addition to these factors and industry and general economic and political conditions, our stock price may be adversely impacted by announcements related to financial results or forecasts that fail to meet or are inconsistent with earlier projections or the expectations of our securities analysts or investors, announcements of new products or acquisitions of new technologies by us, our competitors or our customers, or announcements of acquisitions, major transactions, litigation developments or management changes. A significant drop in our stock price could expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, shareholder derivative lawsuits or other actions by shareholders, which may result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business. 
 Anti-takeover defenses in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions under Delaware law could prevent an acquisition of our company or limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL that apply to us could make it difficult for anyone to acquire control of our company. For example, our certificate of incorporation allows our Board of Directors to designate and issue, at any time and without stockholder approval up to 400,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. All 400,000 shares of preferred stock are currently designated as Series A Preferred, but because no such shares are outstanding or reserved for issuance, our Board of Directors may reduce the number of shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred to zero. Subject to the DGCL, our Board of Directors may, as to any shares of preferred stock the terms of which have not then been designated, fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions on these shares, fix the number of shares and designation of any series, and increase or decrease the number of shares of any series if not below the number of outstanding shares plus the number of shares reserved for issuance. Our Board of Directors has the power to issue shares of Series A Preferred with dividend, voting and liquidation rights superior to our common stock at a rate of 1,000-to-1 without further vote or action by the common stockholders. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with a person owning 15 or more of its voting stock, or who is affiliated with the corporation and owned 15 or more of its voting stock at any time within three years prior to the proposed business combination, for a period of three years from the date the person became a 15 owner, unless specified conditions are met. 
 All or any one of these factors could limit the price that certain investors would be willing to pay for shares of our common stock and could allow our Board of Directors to resist, delay or prevent an acquisition of our company, even if a proposed transaction were favored by a majority of our independent stockholders. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our debt obligations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, and could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness. 
 We have significant outstanding indebtedness, as well as the ability to access additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Subject to the limits contained in the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility, the indenture that governs the 4.375 Senior Notes due October 15, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ), the loan agreement governing our senior non-amortizing term loan facility due September 7, 2025 (the 2025 Term Loan and our other debt instruments, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, share repurchases or for other purposes. If we do so, the risks related to our level of debt could intensify. Specifically, our level of debt could have important consequences, including the following: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to service our debt as described above; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows (including U.S. cash) to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and potentially requiring repatriation of cash from outside the U.S.; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete; 
 placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors and competitors that have greater access to capital resources; 
 limiting our interest deductions for U.S. income tax purposes; and 
 increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 The amount and frequency of our share repurchases may fluctuate, and we cannot guarantee that we will fully consummate our share repurchase authorization, or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 We repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in accordance with authorizations from our Board of Directors. The primary objective of our share repurchase activities is to prevent share dilution associated with our stock compensation plans. The actual timing and amount of our share repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors and may fluctuate based on such factors. Our repurchase authorization does not obligate us to acquire a minimum amount of shares, does not have an expiration date and may be modified, suspended or terminated without prior notice. We cannot guarantee that the authorization will be fully expended or that our share repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value. Further, our share repurchase activities could affect our stock price, increase stock price volatility, reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in our stock price. 
 At the option of the holders of our outstanding notes, we may, under certain circumstances, be required to repurchase such notes. 
 Under the terms of our 2024 Notes, we may be required to repurchase for cash such notes prior to their maturity in connection with the occurrence of certain significant corporate events. Specifically, we are required to offer to repurchase such notes upon a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture related to such notes), such as a change of control accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of such notes. The repayment obligations under such notes may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a takeover of our company. If we were required to pay the 2024 Notes prior to their scheduled maturity, it could have a significant negative impact on our cash and liquidity and could impact our ability to invest financial resources in other strategic initiatives. 
 The terms of our debt agreements restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The agreements governing our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur liens or additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the businesses we conduct; and 
 consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan require us to maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to meet them. 
 A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreements governing our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, an event of default under the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility would permit the lenders under our revolving credit facility to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. In the event our lenders or note holders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 
 unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or 
 unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 The indenture governing our 2024 Notes also contains certain restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to incur liens and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions. 
 These restrictions may affect our ability to grow in accordance with our strategy. In addition, our financial results, our substantial indebtedness and our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability and terms of our financing. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to satisfy our debt obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our debt obligations. Our debt agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt obligations then due. 
 In addition, we conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries, none of which are currently guarantors of our indebtedness. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required payments on our debt. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and holders of our debt could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders could terminate their commitments to loan money and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, a material default on our indebtedness could suspend our eligibility to register securities using short form, automatically effective registration statements, potentially hindering our ability to raise capital through the issuance of our securities and increasing our costs. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above. 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although our debt agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If we incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the 2024 Notes, then subject to any collateral arrangements we may enter into, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ratably in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of our company. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 Our revolving credit facility utilizes, at our option, either (1) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus a margin between 0.750 and 1.250 per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of our unsecured debt, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 or (2) the base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.000 to 0.250 per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of our unsecured debt, to calculate the amount of accrued interest on any borrowings. The 2025 Term Loan utilizes, at our option, either (1) Term SOFR, plus a margin of between 0.625 and 1.125 per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of our unsecured debt, plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 or (2) base rate plus a margin between 0.000 and 0.125 per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of our unsecured debt, to calculate the amount of accrued interest on borrowings. Assuming all loans were fully drawn and we were to fully exercise our right to increase borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility and we made no prepayments on our 2025 Term Loan, each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a 3.4 million change in annual interest expense on our indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan. 
 In addition to increasing the interest rates payable by us under our revolving credit facility and 2025 Term Loan, credit rating downgrades could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and affect the terms of any such financing. 
 Various factors could increase our future borrowing costs or reduce our access to capital, including a lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to us and our 2024 Notes by credit rating agencies. 
 We may in the future seek additional financing for a variety of reasons, and our future borrowing costs, terms and access to capital could be affected by factors including the condition of the debt and equity markets, the condition of the economy generally, prevailing interest rates, our level of indebtedness, our credit rating and our business and financial condition. In addition, the 2024 Notes currently have an investment grade credit rating, which could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a credit rating agency based on adverse changes to circumstances relating to the basis of the credit rating. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 2024 Notes. Any future lowering of the credit ratings of the 2024 Notes likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We own land and buildings at our corporate headquarters located in San Jose, California. We also own properties in New Mexico and India. As of December 31, 2022, the total square footage of our owned buildings was approximately 1,227,000. 
 We lease additional facilities in the United States and various other countries. We may sublease certain of these facilities where space is not fully utilized. 
 We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any expansion of our operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in various disputes and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and legal proceedings related to intellectual property, indemnification obligations, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, contracts, customers, products, distribution and other commercial arrangements and employee relations matters. At least quarterly, we review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount or the range of loss can be estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Legal proceedings are subject to uncertainties, and the outcomes are difficult to predict. Because of such uncertainties, accruals are based on our judgments using the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and legal proceedings and may revise estimates. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 On April 27, 2022, Bell Semiconductor LLC Bell Semi ), a patent monetization entity, began filing a series of patent infringement lawsuits against certain technology companies alleging that certain semiconductor devices designed using certain design tools offered by EDA vendors, including Cadence, infringe upon one or more patents held by Bell Semi. Bell Semi seeks monetary damages, attorneys fees and costs, and a permanent injunction prohibiting the defendants from using allegedly infringing EDA design tools. 
 On April 29, 2022, Bell Semi also began filing a series of complaints with the U.S. International Trade Commission ITC alleging violations of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 and seeking limited exclusion orders preventing the respondents from importing into the United States semiconductor devices designed using certain design tools offered by EDA vendors, including Cadence, and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting respondents from importing, selling, offering for sale, marketing, advertising, distributing, or transferring products (except for exportation) made using certain design tools offered by EDA vendors, including Cadence. The ITC instituted three investigations but Bell Semi subsequently terminated one of the investigations. 
 Cadence is not named as a respondent or defendant in any of the aforementioned actions; however, certain respondents and defendants are Cadence customers and have sought defense and indemnity from Cadence regarding Bell Semi s allegations. Cadence has offered to defend some of its customers consistent with the terms of the applicable license agreements. 
 On November 18, 2022, Cadence and another EDA vendor jointly filed an action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware for declaratory judgment of invalidity and non-infringement as to each of the six patents asserted by Bell Semi in the aforementioned actions. On November 28, 2022, Cadence and another EDA vendor also filed a motion for preliminary injunction in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware seeking to enjoin Bell Semi from proceeding with its litigation campaign. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CDNS. As of January 31, 2023, we had 357 registered stockholders and approximately 490,000 beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total stockholder return on our common stock relative to the cumulative total return of the Nasdaq Composite Index, the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and in each index on December 30, 2017 (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 and tracks it each year thereafter on the last day of our fiscal year through December 31, 2022 and, for each index, on the last day of the calendar year. 
 
 100 invested on 12/30/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Indexes calculated on a month-end basis. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 12/30/2017 12/29/2018 12/28/2019 1/2/2021 1/1/2022 12/31/2022 Cadence Design Systems, Inc. 100.00 103.63 168.08 326.23 445.60 384.12 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 S P 500 Information Technology 100.00 99.71 149.86 215.63 290.08 208.30 
 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We are authorized to repurchase shares of our common stock under a publicly announced program most recently increased by our Board of Directors on August 11, 2022. Pursuant to this authorization, we may repurchase shares from time to time through open market repurchases, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, including accelerated share repurchase transactions or other structured repurchase transactions, block trades or pursuant to trading plans intended to comply with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The actual timing and amount of repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.1 billion of the share repurchase authorization remained available to repurchase shares of our common stock. The share repurchase authorization does not obligate us to acquire a minimum amount of shares, does not have an expiration date and may be modified, suspended or terminated without prior notice. 
 The following table presents repurchases made under our current authorization and shares surrendered by employees to satisfy income tax withholding obligations during the three months ended December 31, 2022 : 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share (2) 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plans or Programs (3) 
 Maximum Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 Authorized for Repurchase Under 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plan or Program (1) 
 (In millions) 
 October 2, 2022 - November 5, 2022 1,379,968 151.75 1,361,665 1,170 November 6, 2022 - December 3, 2022 304,525 160.06 292,586 1,123 December 4, 2022 - December 31, 2022 298,895 164.25 284,350 1,077 Total 1,983,388 154.91 1,938,601 
 _________________ 
 (1) Shares purchased that were not part of our publicly announced repurchase programs represent employee surrender of shares of restricted stock to satisfy employee income tax withholding obligations due upon vesting, and do not reduce the dollar value that may yet be purchased under our publicly announced repurchase programs. 
 (2) The weighted average price paid per share of common stock does not include the cost of commissions. 
 (3) Our publicly announced share repurchase program was originally announced on February 1, 2017 and most recently increased by an additional 1.0 billion on August 11, 2022. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and with Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Please refer to the cautionary language at the beginning of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding forward-looking statements. 
 Business Overview 
 Cadence is a leader in electronic system design, building upon more than 30 years of computational software expertise. We apply our underlying Intelligent System Design strategy to deliver computational software, hardware and IP that turn design concepts into reality. We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated ICs, SoCs, and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our products and services do this by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring our customers products to market, improving engineering productivity and reducing their design, development and manufacturing costs. 
 Our strategy is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, healthcare and life sciences. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers investment in new designs and products. Historically, the industry that provided the tools used by IC engineers was referred to as Electronic Design Automation EDA ). Today, our offerings include and extend beyond EDA. 
 We group our products into categories related to major design activities: 
 Custom IC Design and Simulation; 
 Digital IC Design and Signoff; 
 Functional Verification; 
 IP; and 
 System Design and Analysis. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Consistent with our Intelligent System Design strategy, we completed our acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities during fiscal 2022. Both of these acquisitions are expected to add important new technologies and capabilities to our System Design and Analysis technology portfolio that we believe will enhance our ability to pursue attractive opportunities in the markets we serve. During fiscal 2022, these acquisitions increased expenses, including amortization of acquired intangible assets more than revenue. 
 For additional information about our products, see the discussion in Item 1, Business, under the heading Products and Product Categories. 
 Management uses certain performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations, and we describe these items further below under the headings Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Fiscal Year End 
 On September 7, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from the Saturday closest to December 31 of each year to December 31 of each year. Our fiscal quarters will end on March 31, June 30, and September 30. The fiscal year change is effective beginning with our 2023 fiscal year, which began on January 1, 2023. 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 Our business is subject to the effects of expanded trade restrictions, the ongoing geopolitical conflict in Ukraine and other areas of the world, the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, global inflation and the rise in interest rates. 
 We have been impacted by expanded trade restrictions, including restrictions concerning advanced node IC production in China, the inclusion of additional Chinese technology companies on the BIS s Unverified List and regulations governing the sale of certain technologies. Based on our current assessments, we expect the impact of these expanded trade restrictions on our business to be limited. 
 We also continuously monitor geopolitical conflicts around the world and their effects on our business. During the first half of fiscal 2022, due to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the corresponding sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries, we terminated our operations in Russia. The termination of our operations in Russia has not limited our ability to develop or support our products and has not had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows. We do not have operations or employees in Ukraine. 
 Since its inception, the COVID-19 pandemic has posed a variety of challenges to our day-to-day operations. Despite these challenges, the pandemic has not had a material, adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows. While we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 and its continuing repercussions will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows, we have implemented policies and practices that have enabled us to support critical operations and execute our strategy. 
 While our business model provides some resilience against these factors, we will continue to monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these or similar circumstances on our business and financial results. For additional information on the potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The discussion of our fiscal 2022 consolidated results of operations include year-over-year comparisons to fiscal 2021 for revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, operating margin, other non-operating expenses, income taxes and cash flows. For a discussion of the fiscal 2021 changes compared to fiscal 2020, see the discussion in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022, filed on February 22, 2022. 

Results of operations for fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, reflect the following: 
 revenue growth that exceeded the growth of our costs and expenses; 
 increased revenue from software, IP and other arrangements where revenue is recognized over time; 
 growth in revenue from emulation and prototyping hardware and IP where revenue is recognized up-front; 
 continued investment in research and development activities and technical sales support; and 
 increased provision for income taxes primarily due to changes to tax laws in the United States. 
 Revenue 
 We primarily generate revenue from licensing our software and IP, selling or leasing our emulation and prototyping hardware technology, providing maintenance for our software, hardware and IP, providing engineering services and earning royalties generated from the use of our IP. The timing of our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware and IP products generating revenue in any given period and whether the revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time, upon completion of delivery. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Generally, between 85 and 90 of our annual revenue is characterized as recurring revenue. Recurring revenue includes revenue recognized over time from our software arrangements, services, royalties, maintenance on IP licenses and hardware, and operating leases of hardware. Recurring revenue also includes revenue recognized at varying points in time over the term of other arrangements with non-cancelable commitments, whereby the customer commits to a fixed dollar amount over a specified period of time that can be used to purchase from a list of products or services. 
 The remainder of our revenue is recognized at a point in time and is characterized as up-front revenue. Up-front revenue is primarily generated by our sales of emulation and prototyping hardware and individual IP licenses. The percentage of our recurring and up-front revenue and fluctuations in revenue within our geographies are impacted by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers in any single fiscal period. 
 The following table shows the percentage of our revenue that is classified as recurring or up-front for fiscal 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Revenue recognized over time 83 85 Revenue from arrangements with non-cancelable commitments 2 3 Recurring revenue 85 88 Up-front revenue 15 12 Total 100 100 
 
 While the percentage of revenue characterized as recurring compared to revenue characterized as up-front may vary between fiscal quarters, the overall mix of revenue is relatively consistent on an annual basis or over the course of twelve consecutive months. The following table shows the percentage of recurring revenue for the twelve-month periods ending concurrently with our five most recent fiscal quarters: 
 Trailing Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 October 1, 2022 July 2, 2022 April 2, 2022 January 1, 2022 Recurring revenue 85 86 87 87 88 Up-front revenue 15 14 13 13 12 Total 100 100 100 100 100 
 Revenue by Year 
 The following table shows our revenue for fiscal 2022 and 2021 and the change in revenue between years: 
 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Product and maintenance 3,340.2 2,812.9 527.3 19 Services 221.5 175.3 46.2 26 Total revenue 3,561.7 2,988.2 573.5 19 
 Product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased revenue in each of our five product categories. This growth was driven by our customers investing in new, complex designs for their products that include the design of electronic systems for consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial and healthcare. 
 Services revenue increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased revenue from our custom IP offerings. Services revenue may fluctuate from period to period based on the timing of fulfillment of our services and IP performance obligations. 
 No one customer accounted for 10 or more of total revenue during fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue by Product Category 
 The following table shows the percentage of product and related maintenance revenue contributed by each of our five product categories and services during fiscal 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Custom IC Design and Simulation 22 23 Digital IC Design and Signoff 28 29 Functional Verification, including Emulation and Prototyping Hardware 26 24 IP 12 13 System Design and Analysis 12 11 Total 100 100 
 Revenue by product category fluctuates from period to period based on demand for our products and services, our available resources and our ability to deliver and support them. Certain of our licensing arrangements allow customers the ability to remix among software products. Additionally, we have arrangements with customers that include a combination of our products, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users to be determined at a later date. For these arrangements, we estimate the allocation of the revenue to product categories based upon the expected usage of our products. The actual usage of our products by these customers may differ and, if that proves to be the case, the revenue allocation in the table above would differ. 
 Revenue by Geography 
 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) United States 1,577.9 1,293.0 284.9 22 Other Americas 53.1 42.1 11.0 26 China 521.5 378.1 143.4 38 Other Asia 629.5 566.8 62.7 11 Europe, Middle East and Africa 582.4 523.4 59.0 11 Japan 197.3 184.8 12.5 7 Total revenue 3,561.7 2,988.2 573.5 19 
 Revenue in each of the six geographies presented in the table above increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, due to increased revenue from our software offerings. Revenue in the United States and China also increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, due to increased revenue from our hardware and IP offerings. 
 Revenue by Geography as a Percent of Total Revenue 2022 2021 United States 44 43 Other Americas 2 2 China 15 13 Other Asia 18 19 Europe, Middle East and Africa 16 17 Japan 5 6 Total 100 100 
 Most of our revenue is transacted in the United States dollar. However, certain revenue transactions are denominated in foreign currencies. For an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion under Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue 
 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Cost of product and maintenance 273.6 222.6 51.0 23 Cost of services 98.0 84.4 13.6 16 Total cost of revenue 371.6 307.0 64.6 21 
 
 The following table shows cost of revenue as a percentage of related revenue for fiscal 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Cost of product and maintenance 8 8 Cost of services 44 48 
 Cost of Product and Maintenance 
 Cost of product and maintenance includes costs associated with the sale and lease of our emulation and prototyping hardware and licensing of our software and IP products, certain employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, cost of our customer support services, amortization of technology-related and maintenance-related acquired intangibles, costs of technical documentation and royalties payable to third-party vendors. Cost of product and maintenance depends primarily on our hardware product sales in any given period, but is also affected by employee salary and benefits and other employee-related costs, reserves for inventory, and the timing and extent to which we acquire intangible assets, license third-party technology or IP, and sell our products that include such acquired or licensed technology or IP. 
 A summary of cost of product and maintenance for fiscal 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Product and maintenance-related costs 232.3 175.0 57.3 33 Amortization of acquired intangibles 41.3 47.6 (6.3) (13) Total cost of product and maintenance 273.6 222.6 51.0 23 
 Product and maintenance-related costs increased during fiscal 2022, when compared to fiscal 2021, due to the following: 
 Change 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Emulation and prototyping hardware costs 51.6 Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs 4.9 Other items 0.8 Total change in product and maintenance-related costs 57.3 
 Costs associated with our emulation and prototyping hardware products include components, assembly, testing, applicable reserves and overhead. These costs make our cost of emulation and prototyping hardware products higher, as a percentage of revenue, than our cost of software and IP products. The increase in emulation and prototyping hardware costs during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, was primarily due to increased revenue from emulation and prototyping hardware products. 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles included in cost of product and maintenance decreased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to certain technology-related intangible assets becoming fully amortized during fiscal 2022 and during fiscal 2021, partially offset by technology-related intangible assets acquired during fiscal 2022. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Services 
 Cost of services primarily includes employee salary, benefits and other employee-related costs to perform work on revenue-generating projects and costs to maintain the infrastructure necessary to manage a services organization. Cost of services may fluctuate from period to period based on our utilization of design services engineers on revenue-generating projects rather than internal development projects. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expense. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, our annual mid-year promotion and pay raise cycle, stock-based compensation, restructuring and other employment separation activities, foreign exchange rate movements, acquisition-related costs, volatility in variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results, and charitable donations. 
 During fiscal 2021, we offered a voluntary retirement program to eligible employees in the United States. This program resulted in a one-time charge for voluntary termination and post-employment benefits of 26.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, liabilities related to the voluntary retirement program were 0.4 million and were included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. We expect to make cash payments to settle these liabilities during fiscal 2023. 
 Many of our operating expenses are transacted in various foreign currencies. We recognize lower expenses in periods when the United States dollar strengthens in value against other currencies and we recognize higher expenses when the United States dollar weakens against other currencies. For an additional description of how changes in foreign exchange rates affect our consolidated financial statements, see the discussion in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. 
 Our operating expenses for fiscal 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Marketing and sales 604.2 560.3 43.9 8 Research and development 1,251.6 1,134.3 117.3 10 General and administrative 242.1 189.0 53.1 28 Total operating expenses 2,097.9 1,883.6 214.3 11 
 Our operating expenses, as a percentage of total revenue, for fiscal 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 2022 2021 Marketing and sales 17 19 Research and development 35 38 General and administrative 7 6 Total operating expenses 59 63 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing and Sales 
 The changes in marketing and sales expense were due to the following: 
 Change 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs 24.0 Stock-based compensation 11.5 Marketing programs and events 9.9 Facilities and other infrastructure costs 3.9 Travel and sales meetings 3.3 Professional services (3.2) Voluntary retirement program (6.7) Other items 1.2 Total change in marketing and sales expense 43.9 
 Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs and stock-based compensation included in marketing and sales increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased business levels and our continued investment in attracting and retaining talent dedicated to technical sales support. Costs related to marketing programs and events increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to an increased number of in-person meetings and events. 
 Research and Development 
 The changes in research and development expense were due to the following: Change 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs 76.6 Stock-based compensation 27.7 Facilities and other infrastructure costs 11.5 Professional services 9.3 Travel 5.2 Voluntary retirement program (14.7) Other items 1.7 Total change in research and development expense 117.3 
 Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs and stock-based compensation included in research and development expense increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to our continued investment in attracting and retaining talent for research and development activities. Facilities and other infrastructure costs increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to an increase in costs associated with our acquisitions and our growing work force. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 The changes in general and administrative expense were due to the following: 
 Change 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Stock-based compensation 20.0 Professional services 15.2 Legal fees and related costs 12.5 Contributions to non-profit organizations 8.7 Salary, benefits and other employee-related costs 8.5 Voluntary retirement program (2.6) Foreign service tax refund (13.5) Other items 4.3 Total change in general and administrative expense 53.1 
 As a result of the transition of our Chief Executive Officer and creation of the Executive Chair role in December of 2021, general and administrative expense for fiscal 2022 includes incremental compensation costs, as compared to fiscal 2021. The increase in stock-based compensation included in general and administrative expense during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, is primarily due to equity awards granted to executives. 
 Professional services and legal fees included in general and administrative expense increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to an increase in acquisition-related professional services, legal fees and costs for other matters. The increase in contributions to non-profit organizations during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, is primarily related to increased contributions to the Cadence Giving Foundation in an effort to give back to the communities where our employees live and work. 
 During fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, we benefited from a non-recurring foreign service tax refund, offsetting the increase in other categories of general and administrative expense. 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangibles 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles consists primarily of amortization of customer relationships, acquired backlog, trade names, trademarks and patents. Amortization in any given period depends primarily on the timing and extent to which we acquire intangible assets. 
 Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Amortization of acquired intangibles 18.5 19.6 (1.1) (6) 
 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles decreased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized during the first half of fiscal 2022 and during fiscal 2021, partially offset by intangible assets acquired during fiscal 2022. 
 Operating margin 
 Operating margin represents income from operations as a percentage of total revenue. Our operating margin for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 Operating margin 30 26 
 Operating margin increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily because revenue growth in each of our five product categories exceeded growth in operating expenses. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was comprised of the following: 
 2022 2021 (In millions) Contractual cash interest expense: 2024 Notes 15.3 15.3 2025 Term Loan 4.1 Revolving credit facility 2.8 0.7 Amortization of debt discount: 2024 Notes 0.9 0.8 Other (0.2) 0.2 Total interest expense 22.9 17.0 
 Interest expense increased during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily due to increased interest expense associated with amounts outstanding under our 2025 Term Loan and our 2021 Credit Facility. Interest rates under our 2025 Term Loan and 2021 Credit Facility are variable, so interest expense is affected by changes in interest rates, particularly for periods when we maintain a balance outstanding under the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 100.0 million under our 2021 Credit Facility to fund domestic working capital and for other general corporate requirements. For an additional description of our debt arrangements, including our 2025 Term Loan and 2021 Credit Facility, see Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Income Taxes 
 The following table presents the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (In millions, except percentages) Provision for income taxes 196.4 72.5 Effective tax rate 18.8 9.4 
 The United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017, which requires companies to capitalize all of their R D costs, including software development costs, incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. Beginning in fiscal 2022, we began capitalizing and amortizing R D costs over five years for domestic research and fifteen years for international research rather than expensing these costs as incurred. As a result, our fiscal 2022 effective tax rate and our cash tax payments increased significantly as compared to fiscal 2021. We recognized increases to our deferred tax assets as we begin to capitalize domestic research costs. 
 Our provision for income taxes for fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2022 income, partially offset by the tax benefit of 42.1 million related to stock-based compensation that vested or was exercised during the period. We also recognized a tax benefit of 68.7 million related to the release of the valuation allowance on our California R D tax credits because we expect to utilize these tax credits based on strong current earnings and future taxable income projections. 
 Our provision for fiscal 2021 was primarily attributable to federal, state and foreign income taxes on our fiscal 2021 income, partially offset by the tax benefit of 22.1 million related to our foreign-derived intangible income, and the tax benefit of 64.3 million related to stock-based compensation that vested or was exercised during the period. We also recognized a tax benefit of 10.5 million related to the release of the valuation allowance on our Massachusetts R D tax credits because we expect to utilize these tax credits prior to expiration based on strong current earnings and future taxable income projections. 
 We maintain valuation allowances on certain federal, state, and foreign deferred tax assets. While we believe our current valuation allowance is sufficient, we assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. The assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income in the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. In the event we determine that we will be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, the valuation allowance will be reversed in the period in which we make such determination. The release of a valuation allowance would result in an increase to our net deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense in the period in which the release is recorded. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Our future effective tax rates may also be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, closure of statutes of limitations or settlement of tax audits and changes in tax law. A significant amount of our foreign earnings is generated by our subsidiaries organized in Ireland and Hungary. Our future effective tax rates may be adversely affected if our earnings were to be lower in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates. We currently expect that our fiscal 2023 effective tax rate will be approximately 26 . We expect that our quarterly effective tax rates will vary from our fiscal 2023 effective tax rate as a result of recognizing the income tax effects of stock-based awards in the quarterly periods that the awards vest or are settled and other items that we cannot anticipate. For additional discussion about how our effective tax rate could be affected by various risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. For further discussion regarding our income taxes, see Note 8 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of Change December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents 882.3 1,088.9 (206.6) Net working capital 359.1 744.5 (385.4) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of 882.3 million of cash and cash equivalents as compared to 1,088.9 million as of January 1, 2022. 
 Our primary sources of cash and cash equivalents during fiscal 2022 were cash generated from operations, proceeds from debt, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and proceeds from stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Our primary uses of cash and cash equivalents during fiscal 2022 were payments related to salaries and benefits, operating expenses, repurchases of our common stock, payments for business combinations, net of cash acquired, payments for income taxes, purchases of inventory, payment of employee taxes on vesting of restricted stock and purchases of property, plant and equipment. 
 Approximately 76 of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries may vary from period to period due to the timing of collections and repatriation of foreign earnings. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances and cash flows that are generated from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of our domestic and international operating activities and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 
 Net Working Capital 
 Net working capital is comprised of current assets less current liabilities, as shown on our consolidated balance sheets. The decrease in our net working capital as of December 31, 2022, as compared to January 1, 2022, is primarily due to our use of cash for investing and financing activities and the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Cash provided by operating activities 1,241.9 1,101.0 140.9 
 Cash flows from operating activities include net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, as well as changes in the balances of certain assets and liabilities. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, was primarily due to improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used for investing activities during fiscal 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Cash used for investing activities (738.6) (293.0) (445.6) 
 The increase in cash used for investing activities during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, was primarily due to an increase in cash paid in business combinations, net of cash acquired, and an increase in payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, acquiring other companies and businesses, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. 
 Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used for financing activities during fiscal 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (In millions) Cash used for financing activities (657.0) (643.8) (13.2) 
 The increase in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2022, as compared to fiscal 2021, was primarily due to an increase in payments for repurchases of our common stock, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from debt. 
 Other Factors Affecting Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In August 2022, our Board of Directors increased the prior authorization to repurchase shares of our common stock by authorizing an additional 1.0 billion. The actual timing and amount of repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.1 billion of the share repurchase authorization remained available to repurchase shares of our common stock. See Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for additional information on share repurchases. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In June 2021, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended in September 2022 (the 2021 Credit Facility ). The 2021 Credit Facility provides for borrowings up to 700.0 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional 350.0 million upon receipt of lender commitments, for total maximum borrowings of 1.05 billion. The 2021 Credit Facility expires on June 30, 2026. Any outstanding loans drawn under the 2021 Credit Facility are due at maturity on June 30, 2026, subject to an option to extend the maturity date. Outstanding borrowings may be repaid at any time prior to maturity. Interest rates associated with the 2021 Credit Facility are variable, so interest expense is impacted by changes in interest rates, particularly for periods when there are outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were 100.0 million of borrowings outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility, and we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with such credit facility. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Notes 
 In October 2014, we issued 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375 Senior Notes due October 15, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). We received net proceeds of 342.4 million from the issuance of the 2024 Notes, net of a discount of 1.4 million and issuance costs of 6.2 million. Interest is payable in cash semi-annually. The 2024 Notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants associated with the 2024 Notes. 
 2025 Term Loan 
 In September 2022, we entered into a 300.0 million three-year senior non-amortizing term loan facility due on September 7, 2025 with a group of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the 2025 Term Loan ). The 2025 Term Loan is unsecured and ranks equal in right of payment to all of our unsecured indebtedness. Proceeds from the 2025 Term Loan were used to fund our acquisition of OpenEye. Interest rates associated with the 2025 Term Loan are variable, so interest expense is impacted by changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the 2025 Term Loan. 
 For additional information relating to our debt arrangements, see Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. For additional information relating to OpenEye and other acquisitions, see Note 6 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Liquidity Requirements 
 A summary of other capital and liquidity requirements as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 Total Due in Less 
 Than 1 Year 
 (In millions) Operating lease obligations (1) 
 207.6 41.4 Purchase obligations 
 92.6 80.3 Contractual interest payments (2) 
 73.6 31.9 Tax assessment (3) 
 48.7 48.7 Income tax payable 18.5 18.5 Other long-term contractual obligations (4) 
 89.7 Total 530.7 220.8 
 _________________ 
 (1) This table includes future payments under leases that had commenced as of December 31, 2022 as well as leases that had been signed but not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Contractual interest payments on our variable rate indebtedness were calculated based on outstanding borrowings and the weighted average interest rates as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) In 2022, we received a tax audit assessment from the Korea taxing authorities primarily related to value-added taxes for years 2017-2019. We are required to pay these assessed taxes, prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the assessment. We paid the assessment in January 2023. Payment of this amount is not an admission that we are subject to such taxes, and we continue to defend our position vigorously. 
 (4) Included in other long-term contractual obligations are long-term income tax liabilities of 63 million related to unrecognized tax benefits. The remaining portion of other long-term contractual obligations is primarily liabilities associated with defined benefit retirement plans and acquisitions. 
 We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows that are generated from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of our domestic and international operating activities, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our operating results or financial condition. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on our revenue, operating income and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. At least quarterly, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates, and make changes as deemed necessary. 
 We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for income taxes, revenue recognition and business combinations have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements; therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. For information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple software and/or IP licenses, hardware and services, including professional services, technical support services, and rights to unspecified updates to a customer. These contracts require us to apply judgment in identifying and evaluating any terms and conditions in contracts which may impact revenue recognition. Determining whether licenses and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately, or not distinct and thus accounted for together, requires significant judgment. In some arrangements, such as most of our IP license arrangements, we have concluded that the licenses and associated services are distinct from each other. In other arrangements, like our time-based software arrangements, the licenses and certain services are not distinct from each other. Our time-based software arrangements include multiple software licenses and updates to the licensed software products, as well as technical support, and we have concluded that these promised goods and services are a single, combined performance obligation. 
 Judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling prices SSPs for each distinct performance obligation. We rarely license or sell products on a standalone basis, so we are required to estimate the SSP for each performance obligation. In instances where the SSP is not directly observable because we do not sell the license, product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual performance obligations due to the stratification of those items by classes of customers and circumstances. In these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region of the customer in determining the SSP. 
 Revenue is recognized over time for our combined performance obligations that include software licenses, updates, and technical support as well as for maintenance and professional services that are separate performance obligations. For our professional services, revenue is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred or hours expended to measure progress. Judgment is required in estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. A number of internal and external factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification and testing requirement changes. For our other performance obligations recognized over time, revenue is generally recognized using a time-based measure of progress reflecting generally consistent efforts to satisfy those performance obligations throughout the arrangement term. 
 If a group of agreements are so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a single arrangement, such agreements are deemed to be one arrangement for revenue recognition purposes. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate agreements should be accounted for separately or as, in substance, a single arrangement. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts comprise a single arrangement can affect the allocation of consideration to the distinct performance obligations, which could have an effect on results of operations for the periods involved. 
 We are required to estimate the total consideration expected to be received from contracts with customers. In some circumstances, the consideration expected to be received is variable based on the specific terms of the contract or based on our expectations of the term of the contract. Generally, we have not experienced significant returns or refunds to customers. These estimates require significant judgment and the change in these estimates could have an effect on our results of operations during the periods involved. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by our earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions and investments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities including changes in our assessment of valuation allowances, changes in the relevant tax laws or interpretations of these tax laws, and developments in current and future tax examinations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We only recognize the tax benefit of an income tax position if we judge that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained, solely on its technical merits, in a tax audit including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. To make this judgment, we must interpret complex and sometimes ambiguous tax laws, regulations and administrative practices. If we judge that an income tax position meets this recognition threshold, then we must measure the amount of the tax benefit to be recognized by estimating the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 cumulative probability of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all of the relevant facts. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible settlement outcomes. We must reevaluate our income tax positions on a quarterly basis to consider factors such as changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, the lapse of applicable statute of limitations, and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. For a more detailed description of our unrecognized tax benefits, see Note 8 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations 
 When we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to the acquired tangible assets and assumed liabilities, including deferred revenue, liabilities associated with the fair value of contingent consideration and acquired identifiable intangible assets. Any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates are based on information obtained from management of the acquired companies, our assessment of this information, and historical experience. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and if such events occur, we may be required to adjust the value allocated to acquired assets or assumed liabilities. 
 We also make significant judgments and estimates when we assign useful lives to the definite-lived intangible assets identified as part of our acquisitions. These estimates are inherently uncertain and if we used different estimates, the useful life over which we amortize intangible assets would be different. In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may impact the useful life assigned to our intangible assets, which would impact our amortization of intangible assets expense and our results of operations. 
 During fiscal 2022, we acquired intangible assets of 178.6 million. The fair value of the intangible assets acquired was determined using variations of the income approach that utilizes unobservable inputs classified as Level 3 measurements. 
 With our acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities, we acquired combined intangible assets of 155.5 million. For existing technology acquired with OpenEye and Future Facilities, the fair value was determined by applying the relief-from-royalty method. This method is based on the application of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue to quantify the benefit of owning the intangible asset rather than paying a royalty for use of the asset. To estimate royalty savings over time, we projected revenue from the acquired existing technology over the estimated remaining life of the technology, including the effect of assumed technological obsolescence, before applying an assumed royalty rate. For both OpenEye and Future Facilities, we assumed technological obsolescence at a rate of 10 annually, before applying an assumed royalty rate of 25 . 
 The fair value for agreements and relationships acquired with our acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities was determined by using the multi-period excess earnings method. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated from existing customers, less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. Projected income from existing customer relationships was determined using customer retention rates between 95 and 100 for OpenEye and 95 for Future Facilities. The present value of operating cash flows from existing customers was determined using discount rates ranging from 10 to 11 . 
 We also completed three other business combinations with combined intangible assets of 23.1 million. The fair value of certain intangible assets acquired was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method, a variation of the income approach that utilizes unobservable inputs classified as Level 3 measurements. This method estimates the revenue and cash flows derived from the acquired assets, net of investment in supporting assets. The resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the assets acquired, is then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the associated risk of the asset to calculate the present value. We assumed discount rates ranging from 11.5 to 24.5 . The fair value of the remaining intangible assets acquired was determined using the relief-from-royalty method using a technological obsolescence rate of approximately 12 annually, before applying a royalty rate of 25 . 
 We believe that our estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of our acquired intangible assets are reasonable, but significant judgment is involved. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 For additional information about the adoption of new accounting standards, see Note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 A material portion of our revenue, expenses and business activities are transacted in the U.S. dollar. In certain foreign countries where we price our products and services in U.S. dollars, a decrease in value of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar results in an increase in the prices for our products and services compared to those products of our competitors that are priced in local currency. This could result in our prices being uncompetitive in certain markets. 
 In certain countries where we may invoice customers in the local currency, our revenue benefits from a weaker dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger dollar. The opposite impact occurs in countries where we record expenses in local currencies. In those cases, our costs and expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker dollar. The fluctuations in our operating expenses outside the United States resulting from volatility in foreign exchange rates are not generally moderated by corresponding fluctuations in revenue from existing contracts. 
 We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect against currency exchange risks associated with existing assets and liabilities. A foreign currency forward exchange contract acts as a hedge by increasing in value when underlying assets decrease in value or underlying liabilities increase in value due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Conversely, a foreign currency forward exchange contract decreases in value when underlying assets increase in value or underlying liabilities decrease in value due to changes in foreign exchange rates. These forward contracts are not designated as accounting hedges, so the unrealized gains and losses are recognized in other income (expense), net, in advance of the actual foreign currency cash flows with the fair value of these forward contracts being recorded as accrued liabilities or other current assets. 
 We do not use forward contracts for trading purposes. Our forward contracts generally have maturities of 90 days or less. We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts based on estimated future asset and liability exposures, and the effectiveness of our hedging program depends on our ability to estimate these future asset and liability exposures. Recognized gains and losses with respect to our current hedging activities will ultimately depend on how accurately we are able to match the amount of foreign currency forward exchange contracts with actual underlying asset and liability exposures. 
 The following table provides information about our foreign currency forward exchange contracts as of December 31, 2022. The information is provided in United States dollar equivalent amounts. The table presents the notional amounts, at contract exchange rates, and the weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates expressed as units of the foreign currency per United States dollar, which in some cases may not be the market convention for quoting a particular currency. All of these forward contracts matured during February 2023. 
 Notional Principal Weighted Average Contract Rate (In millions) Forward Contracts: European union euro 139.5 0.95 British pound 105.7 0.83 Japanese yen 68.3 135.15 Israeli shekel 58.5 3.42 Indian rupee 35.9 81.84 Swedish krona 26.4 10.35 Chinese renminbi 18.2 6.99 Canadian dollar 15.5 1.33 South Korean Won 9.9 1,303.03 Taiwan dollar 7.1 30.47 Singapore dollar 4.0 1.37 Total 489.0 Estimated fair value 5.3 
 As of January 1, 2022, our foreign currency exchange contracts had an aggregate principal amount of 469.4 million, and an estimated fair value of negative 0.3 million. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We have performed sensitivity analyses as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to applicable foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant. The foreign currency exchange rates we used in performing the sensitivity analysis were based on market rates in effect at each respective date. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar would result in a decrease to the fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts of 4.2 million and 5.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, while a hypothetical 10 increase in the value of the U.S. dollar would result in an increase to the fair value of our foreign currency forward exchange contracts of 7.2 million and 8.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 We actively monitor our foreign currency risks, but our foreign currency hedging activities may not substantially offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our portfolio of cash and cash equivalents and any balances outstanding on our 2021 Credit Facility and 2025 Term Loan. We are exposed to interest rate fluctuations in many of the world s leading industrialized countries, but our interest income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuations in the general level of United States interest rates. In this regard, changes in United States interest rates affect the interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and the costs associated with foreign currency hedges. 
 All highly liquid securities with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. The carrying value of our interest-bearing instruments approximated fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest rates under our 2021 Credit Facility and 2025 Term Loan are variable, so interest expense could be adversely affected by changes in interest rates, particularly for periods when we maintain a balance outstanding under the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were 100.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our 2021 Credit Facility and million of borrowings outstanding under our 2025 Term Loan. 
 Interest rates for our 2021 Credit Facility and 2025 Term Loan can fluctuate based on changes in market interest rates and in interest rate margins that vary based on the credit ratings of our unsecured debt. Assuming all loans were fully drawn and we were to fully exercise our right to increase borrowing capacity under our 2021 Credit Facility and made no prepayments on our 2025 Term Loan, each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a 3.4 million change in annual interest expense on our indebtedness under our 2021 Credit Facility and 2025 Term Loan. For an additional description of the 2021 Credit Facility and 2025 Term Loan, see Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Equity Investments 
 We have a portfolio of equity investments that includes marketable equity securities and non-marketable investments. Our equity investments are made primarily in connection with our strategic investment program. Under our strategic investment program, from time to time, we make cash investments in companies with technologies that are potentially strategically important to us. See Note 14 in the notes to consolidated financial statements for an additional description of these investments. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements required by Item 8 are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures included a review of our processes and the effect on the information generated for use in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the course of this evaluation, we sought to identify any material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures, to determine whether we had identified any acts of fraud involving personnel who have a significant role in our disclosure controls and procedures, and to confirm that any necessary corrective action, including process improvements, was taken. This type of evaluation is done every fiscal quarter so that our conclusions concerning the effectiveness of these controls can be reported in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. The overall goals of these evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and procedures and to make modifications as necessary. We intend to maintain these disclosure controls and procedures, modifying them as circumstances warrant. 
 Based on their evaluation our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of internal control are met. Further, the design of internal control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of the control must be considered relative to their costs. While our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of their effectiveness, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Cadence, have been detected. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included in Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 as to directors is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Proposal 1 - Election of Directors and, as applicable, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The executive officers of Cadence are listed at the end of Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The information required by Item 10 as to Cadence s code of ethics is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Corporate Governance - Code of Business Conduct in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 The information required by Item 10 as to the director nomination process and Cadence s Audit Committee is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Board of Directors - Committees of the Board in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Board of Directors - Components of Director Compensation, Board of Directors - Director Compensation for Fiscal 2022, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation of Executive Officers, Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change In Control, and Pay Ratio Disclosure in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Certain Transactions and Board of Directors - Director Independence in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Fees Billed to Cadence by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm During Fiscal 2022 and 2021 in Cadence s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

PART IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Page (a) 1. Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor Firm ID 
 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 49 
 Consolidated Income Statements for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 53 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 
 (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (a) 3. Exhibits 
 86 
 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain agreements to which Cadence is a party. These agreements are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about Cadence or the other parties to the agreements. Certain of the agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement, and any such representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement as of specified dates, may apply materiality standards that are different than those applied by investors, and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations that are not necessarily reflected in the agreement. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time, and should not be relied upon as statements of factual information. 
 
 _____________ 
 2023 Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All rights reserved worldwide. Cadence, the Cadence logo, and the other Cadence marks found at www.cadence.com/go/trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective holders. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Identifying and Evaluating Terms and Conditions in Contracts 
 As described in Note 2 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into contracts that can include various combinations of licenses, products, and services, some of which are distinct and are accounted for as separate performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, management allocates the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation and recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers. Management applies judgment in identifying and evaluating any terms and conditions in contracts which may impact revenue recognition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s total revenue was 3.562 billion. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification and evaluation of terms and conditions in contracts, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying and evaluating terms and conditions in contracts that impact revenue recognition, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating whether terms and conditions in contracts were appropriately identified and evaluated by management. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to the identification and evaluation of terms and conditions in contracts that impact revenue recognition. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process of identifying and evaluating the terms and conditions in contracts, including management s determination of the impact of those terms and conditions on revenue recognition and (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification and evaluation of the terms and conditions in contracts by examining revenue arrangements on a test basis. 
 
 /s/ 

February 13, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 As of December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Acquired intangibles, net Deferred taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Revolving credit facility Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term portion of deferred revenue Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 8, 12 and 18) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock par value; authorized shares, issued or outstanding 
 Common stock par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares: and , respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; shares and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 For the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Product and maintenance Services Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of product and maintenance Cost of services Marketing and sales Research and development General and administrative Amortization of acquired intangibles Restructuring ) Total costs and expenses Income from operations Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Changes in defined benefit plan liabilities ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax effects ) ) Comprehensive income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Par Value Accumulated and Capital Other in Excess Treasury Retained Comprehensive Shares of Par Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance, December 28, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment 
 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Purchase of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock and reissuance of treasury stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures 
 ) Stock received for payment of employee taxes on vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance, January 2, 2021 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Purchase of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock and reissuance of treasury stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures 
 Stock received for payment of employee taxes on vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Purchase of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Equity forward contract ) ) ) Issuance of common stock and reissuance of treasury stock under equity incentive plans, net of forfeitures 
 Stock received for payment of employee taxes on vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and fees Stock-based compensation (Gain) loss on investments, net ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provisions for losses on receivables ROU asset amortization and change in operating lease liabilities ) Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquired businesses: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of non-marketable investments ) Proceeds from the sale of non-marketable investments Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Cash paid in business combinations and asset acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from term loan Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Stock received for payment of employee taxes on vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Payments for repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 

NOTE 1. 

NOTE 2. 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 million from the acquired businesses as if Cadence had originated the contracts in accordance with Topic 606 rather than at fair value. For additional information relating to Cadence s acquisitions, see Note 6 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 
 There have been no recent accounting standard updates that are material or potentially material to Cadence. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Receivables 
 
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 - years 
 Buildings - years 
 Leasehold improvements Building improvements and land improvements Up to years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Equipment - years 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for property, plant and equipment. 
 Software Development Costs 
 
 Deferred Sales Commissions 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, respectively, and are included in other assets in Cadence s consolidated balance sheet. Amortization of these assets was million, million and million during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in sales and marketing expense in Cadence s consolidated income statement. 
 Goodwill 
 
 Long-Lived Assets, Including Acquired Intangibles 
 to . Acquired intangibles with indefinite lives, or in-process technology, consists of projects that had not reached technological feasibility by the date of acquisition. Upon completion of the project, the assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. If the project is abandoned rather than completed, the asset is written off. In-process technology is tested for impairment annually and as necessary if changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. 
 Cadence reviews its long-lived assets, including acquired intangibles, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset or asset group is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If it is determined that the carrying amount of an asset group is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 Leases 
 to . Cadence has options to terminate many of its leases early. The lease term represents the period up to the early termination date unless it is reasonably certain that Cadence will not exercise the early termination option. For certain leases, Cadence has options to extend the lease term for additional periods ranging from to . Renewal options are not considered in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain that Cadence will exercise such options. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 with payments generally collected in equal quarterly installments. Cadence s leases do not include termination rights or variable pricing and typically do not include purchase rights at the end of the lease. Short-term leases are usually less than two years and are classified as operating leases with revenue recognized and depreciation expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Long-term leases are typically for and are classified as sales-type leases with revenue and cost of sales recognized upon installation. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 days or less. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Treasury Stock 
 losses recorded as a component of retained earnings by Cadence on the reissuance of treasury stock during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Advertising 
 million, million and million during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in marketing and sales in the consolidated income statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 
 Digital IC Design and Signoff Functional Verification, including Emulation and Prototyping Hardware IP System Design and Analysis Total 
 _____________ 
 . 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue from arrangements with non-cancelable commitments Recurring revenue Up-front revenue Total 
 Significant Judgments 
 Cadence s contracts with customers often include promises to transfer to a customer multiple software and/or IP licenses and services, including professional services, technical support services, and rights to unspecified updates. Determining whether licenses and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately, or not distinct and thus accounted for together, requires significant judgment. In some arrangements, such as most of Cadence s IP license arrangements, Cadence has concluded that the licenses and associated services are distinct from each other. In others, like Cadence s time-based software arrangements, the licenses and certain services are not distinct from each other. Cadence s time-based software arrangements include multiple software licenses and updates to the licensed software products, as well as technical support, and Cadence has concluded that these promised goods and services are a single, combined performance obligation. 
 The accounting for contracts with multiple performance obligations requires the contract s transaction price to be allocated to each distinct performance obligation based on relative SSP. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation because Cadence rarely licenses or sells products on a standalone basis. In instances where the SSP is not directly observable because Cadence does not sell the license, product or service separately, Cadence determines the SSP using information that maximizes the use of observable inputs and may include market conditions. Cadence typically has more than one SSP for individual performance obligations due to the stratification of those items by classes of customers and circumstances. In these instances, Cadence may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region of the customer in determining the SSP. 
 Revenue is recognized over time for Cadence s combined performance obligations that include software licenses, updates, technical support and maintenance that are separate performance obligations with the same term. For Cadence s professional services, revenue is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred or hours expended to measure progress. Judgment is required in estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. A number of internal and external factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification and testing requirement changes. For Cadence s other performance obligations recognized over time, revenue is generally recognized using a time-based measure of progress reflecting generally consistent efforts to satisfy those performance obligations throughout the arrangement term. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenue 
 Cadence recognized revenue of million, million and million during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of each fiscal year. All other activity in deferred revenue, with the exception of million of deferred revenue assumed from acquisitions completed during fiscal 2022, is due to the timing of invoices in relation to the timing of revenue as described above. 
 Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, Cadence has determined that its contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing Cadence s products and services, and not to facilitate financing arrangements. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. Cadence has elected to exclude the potential future royalty receipts from the remaining performance obligations. Contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were approximately billion as of December 31, 2022, which included billion of non-cancelable commitments from customers where actual product selection and quantities of specific products or services are to be determined by customers at a later date. As of December 31, 2022, Cadence expected to recognize approximately of the contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations, excluding non-cancelable commitments, as revenue over the next 12 months. 
 Cadence recognized revenue of million, million and million during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. These amounts represent royalties earned during the period and exclude contracts with nonrefundable prepaid royalties. Nonrefundable prepaid royalties are recognized upon delivery of the IP because Cadence s right to the consideration is not contingent upon customers future shipments. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4. 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Long-term receivables Total receivables Less allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total receivables, net 
 Cadence s customers are primarily concentrated within the semiconductor and electronics systems industries. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, no single customer accounted for 10 or more of Cadence s total receivables. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 ) Year ended January 1, 2022 ) Year ended January 2, 2021 ) 

NOTE 5. 
 2024 Notes ) ) 2025 Term Loan ) Total outstanding debt ) ) 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In June 2021, Cadence entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the 2021 Credit Facility ). In September 2022, Cadence amended the 2021 Credit Facility to, among other things, allow Cadence to change its fiscal year to match the calendar year commencing in 2023 and change the interest rate benchmark for loans under the 2021 Credit Facility from the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR to Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The material terms of the 2021 Credit Facility otherwise remain unchanged. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million, with the right to request increased capacity up to an additional million upon the receipt of lender commitments, for total maximum borrowings of billion. The 2021 Credit Facility expires on . Any outstanding loans drawn under the 2021 Credit Facility are due at maturity on , subject to an option to extend the maturity date. Outstanding borrowings may be repaid at any time prior to maturity. Debt issuance costs of million were recorded to other assets in Cadence s consolidated balance sheet at the inception of the agreement and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2021 Credit Facility. 
 Interest accrues on borrowings under the 2021 Credit Facility at a rate equal to, at Cadence s option, either (1) SOFR plus a margin between and per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of Cadence s unsecured debt, plus a SOFR adjustment of or (2) the base rate plus a margin between and per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of Cadence s unsecured debt. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the 2021 Credit Facility was . Interest is payable quarterly. A commitment fee ranging from to is assessed on the daily average undrawn portion of revolving commitments. Borrowings bear interest at what is estimated to be current market rates of interest. Accordingly, the carrying value of the 2021 Credit Facility approximates fair value. 
 The 2021 Credit Facility contains customary negative covenants that, among other things, restrict Cadence s ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens. In addition, the 2021 Credit Facility contains financial covenants that require Cadence to maintain a funded debt to EBITDA ratio not greater than to 1, with a step up to to 1 for one year following an acquisition by Cadence of at least million that results in a pro forma leverage ratio between to 1 and to 1. As of December 31, 2022, Cadence was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the 2021 Credit Facility. 
 2024 Notes 
 In October 2014, Cadence issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due October 15, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). Cadence received net proceeds of million from the issuance of the 2024 Notes, net of a discount of million and issuance costs of million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2024 Notes using the effective interest method. Interest is payable in cash semi-annually in April and October. The 2024 Notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to all of Cadence s existing and future senior indebtedness. The fair value of the 2024 Notes was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cadence may redeem the 2024 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed and (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, as more particularly described in the indenture governing the 2024 Notes. 
 The indenture governing the 2024 Notes includes customary representations, warranties and restrictive covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on Cadence s ability to grant liens on assets, enter into sale and lease-back transactions, or merge, consolidate or sell assets, and also includes customary events of default. 
 2025 Term Loan 
 In September 2022, Cadence entered into a million three-year senior non-amortizing term loan facility due on September 7, 2025 with a group of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the 2025 Term Loan ). The 2025 Term Loan is unsecured and ranks equal in right of payment to all of Cadence s unsecured indebtedness. Proceeds from the loan were used to fund Cadence s acquisition of OpenEye Scientific Software, Inc. OpenEye ). Debt issuance costs associated with the 2025 Term Loan were not material. 
 Amounts outstanding under the 2025 Term Loan accrue interest at a rate equal to, at Cadence s option, either (1) Term SOFR plus a margin between and per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of Cadence s unsecured debt, plus a SOFR adjustment of or (2) base rate plus a margin between and per annum, determined by reference to the credit rating of Cadence s unsecured debt. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the 2025 Term Loan was . Interest is payable quarterly. Borrowings bear interest at what is estimated to be current market rates of interest. Accordingly, the carrying value of the 2025 Term Loan approximates fair value. 
 The 2025 Term Loan contains customary negative covenants that, among other things, restrict Cadence s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens and make certain asset dispositions. In addition, the 2025 Term Loan contains a financial covenant that requires Cadence to maintain a funded debt to EBITDA ratio not greater than to 1, with a step-up to to 1 for one year following an acquisition by Cadence of at least million that results in a pro forma leverage ratio between to 1 and to 1. As of December 31, 2022, Cadence was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the 2025 Term Loan. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 million, was million. Subject to service and other conditions, Cadence expects to recognize expense for consideration paid to certain former OpenEye shareholders, now employed by Cadence, through the first quarter of fiscal 2026. 
 Goodwill Acquired intangibles Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total purchase consideration 
 The recorded goodwill is attributed to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including the acquired assembled workforce, and will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
 years Agreements and relationships years Tradenames, trademarks and patents years Total acquired intangibles with definite lives years 
 Acquisition of FFG Holdings Limited 
 On July 14, 2022, Cadence acquired all of the outstanding equity of FFG Holdings Limited Future Facilities ), a provider of electronics cooling analysis and energy performance optimization solutions for data center design and operations using physics-based 3D digital twins. The addition of Future Facilities technologies and expertise supports Cadence s Intelligent System Design strategy and broadens its System Design and Analysis technology portfolio with the addition of solutions that enable companies to make informed business decisions about data center design, operations and lifecycle management that reduce their carbon footprint. The aggregate cash consideration for Cadence s acquisition of Future Facilities, net of cash acquired of million, was million. Subject to service and other conditions, Cadence expects to recognize expense for consideration paid to certain former Future Facilities shareholders, now employed by Cadence, subject to service and other conditions, through the third quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill Acquired intangibles Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total purchase consideration 
 The recorded goodwill is attributed to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including the acquired assembled workforce and expected synergies from combining operations of Future Facilities with Cadence. The goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
 years Agreements and relationships years Tradenames, trademarks and patents years Total acquired intangibles with definite lives years 
 Other 2022 Acquisitions 
 During fiscal 2022, Cadence completed other business combinations for aggregate cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired. The total purchase consideration was allocated to assets acquired based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. Cadence recorded million of acquired intangible assets, which consisted of million of existing technology, million of agreements and relationships, million of tradenames, trademarks and patents, and million of in-process technology. The weighted average amortization period for the definite-lived intangible assets acquired with these business combinations was years. Cadence also recognized million of goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce of the acquired businesses. Of the goodwill recognized with these acquisitions, million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 On February 23, 2021, Cadence acquired all of the outstanding equity of Belgium-based Numerical Mechanics Applications International SA NUMECA ). The addition of NUMECA s technologies and talent supports Cadence s Intelligent System Design strategy, servicing the computational fluid dynamics CFD market segment as part of System Design and Analysis. The aggregate cash consideration for Cadence s acquisition of NUMECA, net of cash acquired of million, was million. Cadence expects to recognize expense for consideration paid to certain former NUMECA shareholders that is subject to service and other conditions, through the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill Acquired intangibles Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total purchase consideration 
 The recorded goodwill is attributed to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including the acquired assembled workforce and expected synergies from combining operations of NUMECA with Cadence. Cadence expects all of the goodwill related to the acquisition of NUMECA to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 On April 14, 2021, Cadence acquired all of the outstanding equity of Pointwise, Inc. Pointwise ), a leader in mesh generation for CFD for cash consideration of approximately million, net of cash acquired. The addition of Pointwise s technologies and experienced team supports Cadence s Intelligent System Design strategy and further broadens its System Design and Analysis portfolio, complementing its acquisition of NUMECA. The total purchase consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. Cadence recorded million of definite-lived intangible assets and million of goodwill with its acquisition of Pointwise. All of the goodwill related to Cadence s acquisition of Pointwise is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Cadence completed two additional acquisitions during fiscal 2021. These acquisitions are not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 years Agreements and relationships years Tradenames, trademarks and patents years Total acquired intangibles with definite lives years 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 In fiscal 2020, Cadence acquired all of the outstanding equity of AWR Corporation AWR and Integrand Software, Inc. Integrand ). These acquisitions enhanced Cadence s technology portfolio to address growing radio frequency design activity, driven by expanding use of 5G communications. 
 The aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was million, after taking into account cash acquired of million. The total purchase consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. Cadence will also make payments to certain employees, subject to continued employment and other performance-based conditions, through the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 With its acquisitions of AWR and Integrand, Cadence recorded million of definite-lived intangible assets with a weighted average amortization period of approximately years. The definite-lived intangible assets related primarily to existing technology and customer agreements and relationships. Cadence also recorded million of goodwill and million of net liabilities, consisting primarily of deferred tax liabilities, assumed deferred revenue and trade accounts receivable. The recorded goodwill was primarily related to the acquired assembled workforce and expected synergies from combining operations of the acquired companies with Cadence. None of the goodwill related to the acquisitions of AWR and Integrand is deductible for tax purposes. 
 Cadence completed one additional acquisition during fiscal 2020 that was not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Goodwill resulting from acquisitions Effect of foreign currency translation ) Balance as of January 1, 2022 Goodwill resulting from acquisitions Effect of foreign currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Cadence completed its annual goodwill impairment test during the third quarter of fiscal 2022 and determined that the fair value of Cadence s single reporting unit exceeded the carrying amount of its net assets and that no impairment existed. 
 Acquired Intangibles, Net 
 ) Agreements and relationships ) Tradenames, trademarks and patents ) Total acquired intangibles with definite lives ) In-process technology Total acquired intangibles ) 
 In-process technology as of December 31, 2022 consisted of acquired projects that, if completed, will contribute to Cadence s existing product offerings. As of December 31, 2022, these projects were expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2022, there were no transfers from in-process technology to existing technology. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 ) Agreements and relationships ) Tradenames, trademarks and patents ) Total acquired intangibles ) 
 Amortization expense from existing technology and maintenance agreements is included in cost of product and maintenance. 
 Amortization of acquired intangibles Total amortization of acquired intangibles 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total estimated amortization expense 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 Foreign subsidiaries Total income before provision for income taxes 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 State and local Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign Total deferred ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, Cadence recognized a tax benefit of approximately million due to a release of the valuation allowance on its California research and development tax credit deferred tax assets. In evaluating its ability to realize its deferred tax assets, Cadence considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Cadence expects to utilize these tax credits based on current earnings and future taxable income projections. 
 During fiscal 2021, Cadence recognized a tax benefit of approximately million due to a release of the valuation allowance on its Massachusetts research and development tax credit deferred tax assets. Cadence expects to utilize these tax credits prior to expiration based on current earnings and future taxable income projections. 
 During fiscal 2020, Cadence recognized a tax benefit of approximately million due to a partial release of the valuation allowance on its California research and development tax credit deferred tax assets as a result of certain tax elections made in Cadence s 2019 California tax return. 
 to income before provision for income taxes for fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Provision computed at federal statutory income tax rate State and local income tax, net of federal tax effect Foreign income tax rate differential ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) U.S. tax on foreign entities Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Non-deductible research and development expense Withholding taxes Other Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Reserves and accruals Intangible assets Capitalized research and development expense for income tax purposes Operating loss carryforwards Deferred income Capital loss carryforwards Stock-based compensation costs Depreciation and amortization Investments Lease liability Prepaid expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Undistributed foreign earnings ) ) ROU assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 During fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 Cadence maintained valuation allowances of million, million, and million, respectively, on certain federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets because the realization of these deferred tax assets require future income of a specific character or amount that Cadence considered uncertain. The valuation allowance primarily relates to the following: 
 Tax credits in certain states that are accumulating at a rate greater than Cadence s capacity to utilize the credits and tax credits in certain states where it is likely the credits will expire unused; 
 Federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets related to investments and capital losses that can only be utilized against gains that are capital in nature; and 
 Foreign tax credits that can only be fully utilized if Cadence has sufficient income of a specific character in the future. 
 The valuation allowance decreased by million during fiscal 2022, decreased by million during fiscal 2021 and decreased by million during fiscal 2020. The valuation allowance activity was primarily related to state research and development tax credits and certain foreign tax credits. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

from 2027 through 2033 California from 2025 through 2041 Other states (tax effected, net of federal benefit) from 2023 through indefinite Foreign (tax effected) indefinite 
 from 2031 through 2032 California indefinite Other states from 2028 through indefinite Foreign from 2040 through indefinite 
 _____________ 
 
 Examinations by Tax Authorities 
 Taxing authorities regularly examine Cadence s income tax returns. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Gross amount of the increases in unrecognized tax benefits of tax positions taken during a prior year Gross amount of the increases in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during the current year Amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits relating to settlements with taxing authorities, including the utilization of tax attributes ) ) Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits resulting from the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the fiscal year Total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if upon resolution of the uncertain tax positions would reduce Cadence s effective tax rate 
 _____________ 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million during the next 12 months. The potential decrease could be a combination of settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statute of limitations. The actual amount could vary significantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements or examinations in advance of statute of limitation expirations. 
 Penalties ) ) 
 The total amounts of gross accrued interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 (In thousands) Interest Penalties 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 million. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares available for future issuance under the Omnibus Plan was million. Options granted under the Omnibus Plan have an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. Options and restricted stock generally vest over a period of to . Options granted under the Omnibus Plan expire from the date of grant. Vesting of restricted stock awards granted under the Omnibus Plan may require the attainment of specified performance criteria. 
 Cadence s 1995 Directors Stock Incentive Plan (the Directors Plan provides for the issuance of non-qualified options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units to its non-employee directors. Options granted under the Directors Plan have an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares available for future issuance under the Directors Plan was million. Options granted under the Directors Plan expire after , and options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units vest from the date of grant. 
 Cadence has assumed certain options granted to employees of acquired companies Acquired Options ). The Acquired Options were assumed by Cadence outside of its stock option plans, and each option is administered under the terms of the respective original plans of the acquired companies. All of the Acquired Options have been adjusted for the price conversion under the terms of the acquisition agreement between Cadence and the relevant acquired company. If the Acquired Options are canceled, forfeited or expire, they do not become available for future grant. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock ESPP Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit 
 Cost of services Marketing and sales Research and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock Options 
 The exercise price of each stock option granted under Cadence s employee equity incentive plans is equal to or greater than the closing price of Cadence s common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options vested as of December 31, 2022 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million as of December 31, 2022, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. The remaining weighted average vesting period of unvested awards is years. 
 Cash received from options exercised 
 Restricted Stock 
 Generally, restricted stock, which includes restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, vests over to and is subject to the employee s continuing service to Cadence. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting term. The vesting of certain restricted stock grants is subject to attainment of specified performance criteria. Each fiscal quarter, Cadence estimates the probability of the achievement of these performance goals and recognizes any related stock-based compensation expense using the graded-vesting method. The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in any one period can vary based on the attainment or expected attainment of the various performance goals. If such performance goals are not ultimately met, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. 
 Certain long-term, market-based performance stock awards granted to executives vest over three to five years and are subject to certain market conditions and the executive s continuing service to Cadence. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the graded-vesting method over the vesting term. If the market-based performance conditions are not ultimately met, compensation expense previously recognized is not reversed. As of December 31, 2022, Cadence had million shares of unvested long-term, market-based performance stock awards outstanding. 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to market-based performance stock awards 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested shares as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cadence had total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock grants of million, which will be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 beginning on either February 1 or August 1, with the purchase dates falling on the last day of the six-month offering period. For the offering periods that commenced February 1, 2022 and August 1, 2022, eligible employees may purchase Cadence s common stock at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market value at the beginning or the end of the applicable offering period, in an amount not to exceed of their annual base earnings plus bonuses and commissions, and subject to a limit in any calendar year of . The ESPP may be amended from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares available for future issuance under the ESPP was million. 
 Compensation expense is calculated using the fair value of the employees purchase rights under the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 Cash received for the purchase of shares under the ESPP Weighted average purchase price per share 
 Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Employee stock purchase plans Directors stock plans Total 
 _____________ 

NOTE 10. 
 billion. The actual timing and amount of repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. 
 During fiscal 2022, Cadence repurchased approximately million shares on the open market, for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 In June 2022, Cadence also entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR agreement with Royal Bank of Canada to repurchase an aggregate of million of Cadence common stock. The ASR agreement was accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock and (2) an equity-linked contract on Cadence s own stock. In June 2022, Cadence received an initial share delivery of approximately million shares, which represented the number of shares at a market price equal to million. An equity-linked contract for million, representing the remaining shares to be delivered by Royal Bank of Canada under the ASR agreement, was recorded to stockholders equity as of July 2, 2022. In September 2022, the ASR agreement settled and resulted in a delivery to Cadence of approximately million additional shares. In total, approximately million shares were repurchased under the ASR agreement at an average price per share of . The shares received were treated as a repurchase of common stock for purposes of calculating earnings per share. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 billion of the share repurchase authorization remained available to repurchase shares of Cadence common stock. 
 Total cost of repurchased shares 

NOTE 11. 
 Weighted average common shares used to calculate basic net income per share Stock-based awards Weighted average common shares used to calculate diluted net income per share Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted 
 Options to purchase shares of common stock Non-vested shares of restricted stock Total potential common shares excluded 

NOTE 12. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 ROU lease assets and lease liabilities for Cadence s operating leases were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 (In thousands) Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liability balance 
 million for facility leases that will commence in fiscal 2022. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13. 
 Finished goods Inventories Prepaid expenses and other: Prepaid income taxes Other prepaid expenses and other assets Prepaid expenses and other Property, plant and equipment: Computer equipment and related software Buildings Land Leasehold, building and land improvements Furniture and fixtures Equipment In-process capital assets Total cost Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets: Non-marketable investments ROU lease assets Other long-term assets Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Payroll and payroll-related accruals Customer deposits Other accrued operating liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14. 
 interest in a privately held company that is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The carrying value of this investment was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, Cadence recorded losses of million and million, respectively, to other income (expense), net in Cadence s consolidated income statements, which represented Cadence s proportionate share of net income from the investee, offset by amortization of basis differences. 
 Cadence also holds other non-marketable investments in privately held companies where Cadence does not have the ability to exercise significant influence and the fair value of the investments is not readily determinable. The carrying value of these investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Gains and losses on these investments are recorded to other income (expense), net in Cadence s consolidated income statements and were not material to Cadence s consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the fiscal years presented. 
 On a quarterly basis, Cadence measures at fair value certain financial assets and liabilities. 
 Marketable equity securities Securities held in NQDC trust Foreign currency exchange contracts Total Assets As of December 31, 2022, Cadence did not have any financial liabilities requiring a recurring fair value measurement. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable equity securities Securities held in NQDC trust Total Assets Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (In thousands) Liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts Total Liabilities 
 Level 1 Measurements 
 Cadence s cash equivalents held in money market funds, marketable equity securities and the trading securities held in Cadence s NQDC trust are measured at fair value using level 1 inputs. 
 Level 2 Measurements 
 The valuation techniques used to determine the fair value of Cadence s foreign currency forward exchange contracts and 2024 Notes are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. For additional information relating to Cadence s debt arrangements, see Note 5 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Level 3 Measurements 
 During fiscal 2022, Cadence acquired intangible assets of million. The fair value of the intangible assets acquired was determined using variations of the income approach that utilizes unobservable inputs classified as Level 3 measurements. 
 With its acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities, Cadence acquired combined intangible assets of million. For existing technology acquired with OpenEye and Future Facilities, the fair value was determined by applying the relief-from-royalty method. This method is based on the application of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue to quantify the benefit of owning the intangible asset rather than paying a royalty for use of the asset. To estimate royalty savings over time, Cadence projected revenue from the acquired existing technology over the estimated remaining life of the technology, including the effect of assumed technological obsolescence, before applying an assumed royalty rate. For both OpenEye and Future Facilities, Cadence assumed technological obsolescence at a rate of annually, before applying an assumed royalty rate of . 
 The fair value for agreements and relationships acquired with its acquisitions of OpenEye and Future Facilities was determined by using the multi-period excess earnings method. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated from existing customers, less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. Projected income from existing customer relationships was determined using customer retention rates between and for OpenEye and for Future Facilities. The present value of operating cash flows from existing customers was determined using discount rates ranging from to . 
 Cadence also completed three other business combinations during fiscal 2022, with combined intangible assets of million. The fair value of certain intangible assets acquired was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method, a variation of the income approach that utilizes unobservable inputs classified as Level 3 measurements. This method estimates the revenue and cash flows derived from the acquired assets, net of investment in supporting assets. The resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the assets acquired, is then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the associated risk of the asset to calculate the present value. Cadence assumed discount rates ranging from to . The fair value of the remaining intangible assets acquired was determined using the relief-from-royalty method using a technological obsolescence rate of approximately annually, before applying a royalty rate of . 
 During fiscal 2021, Cadence acquired intangible assets of million with its acquisition of NUMECA and Pointwise. The fair value of the definite-lived intangible assets acquired with these acquisitions was determined using variations of the income approach and level 3 inputs. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 annually, before applying an assumed royalty rate of . For Pointwise, Cadence assumed technological obsolescence at a rate of annually, before applying an assumed royalty rate of . The present value of after-tax royalty savings were determined using discount rates ranging from to . 
 The fair value for acquired agreements and relationships was determined by using the multi-period excess earnings method. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated from existing customers, less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. Projected income from existing customer relationships considered a customer retention rate of for both NUMECA and Pointwise. The present value of operating cash flows from existing customers was determined using discount rates ranging from to . 
 Cadence believes that its estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of its acquired intangible assets and assumed liabilities are reasonable, but significant judgment is involved. 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 Restructuring Cash payments ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Balance, January 2, 2021 Restructuring ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 Restructuring Cash payments ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Other Termination Benefits 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2021, Cadence offered a voluntary retirement program to eligible employees in the United States. This program resulted in a one-time charge of million for voluntary termination and post-employment benefits. These charges are included in each category of costs and expenses on Cadence s consolidated income statements. As of December 31, 2022, liabilities related to the voluntary retirement program were million and were included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on Cadence s consolidated balance sheet. Cadence expects to make cash payments to settle these liabilities during fiscal 2023. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17. 
 Gains (losses) on marketable equity investments ) ) Losses on non-marketable equity investments ) ) ) Gains (losses) on securities in NQDC trust ) Gains (losses) on foreign exchange ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 million as of December 31, 2022 that were associated with agreements or commitments for purchases of goods or services. Cadence expects to settle million of these obligations within the next 12 months. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, Cadence is involved in various disputes and litigation that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and legal proceedings related to intellectual property, indemnification obligations, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, contracts, customers, products, distribution and other commercial arrangements and employee relations matters. 
 Tax Proceedings 
 In December 2022, Cadence received a tax audit assessment of approximately million from the Korea taxing authorities for years 2017-2019. The tax audit assessment is primarily related to value-added taxes VAT"). Cadence is required to pay these assessed taxes, prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the assessment in administrative and judicial proceedings. The assessment was paid by Cadence in January 2023. Payment of this amount is not an admission that Cadence is subject to such taxes and Cadence continues to defend its position vigorously. Cadence has not recorded a reserve for this contingency in fiscal 2022 as Cadence does not believe a loss is probable because it believes it will ultimately prevail in full. The entire dispute resolution process may take from one to eight years. 
 Other Contingencies 
 Cadence provides its customers with a warranty on sales of hardware products, generally for a 90-day period. Cadence did not incur any significant costs related to warranty obligations during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Cadence s product license and services agreements typically include a limited indemnification provision for claims from third parties relating to Cadence s intellectual property. If the potential loss from any indemnification claim is considered probable and the amount or the range of loss can be estimated, Cadence accrues a liability for the estimated loss. 
 In connection with a litigation campaign launched by Bell Semiconductor LLC Bell Semi ), a patent monetization entity, some customers have requested defense and indemnification against claims of patent infringement asserted by Bell Semi in various district court litigation and at the U.S. International Trade Commission. Bell Semi alleges that the customers use of one or more features of certain Cadence products infringes one or more of six patents held by Bell Semi. Cadence has offered to defend some of its customers consistent with the terms of its license agreements. Cadence is unable to estimate the potential impact of these commitments on the future results of operations at this time. 
 Cadence did not incur any material losses from indemnification claims during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 19. 

Executive Officers and Directors may also elect to defer compensation payable to them under Cadence s NQDC. Deferred compensation payments are held in investment accounts and the values of the accounts are adjusted each quarter based on the fair value of the investments held in the NQDC. These investments are classified in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets and gains and losses are recognized as other income (expense), net in the consolidated income statements. 
 Certain of Cadence s international subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit retirement plans. The unfunded projected benefit obligation for Cadence s defined benefit retirement plans is recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 NOTE 20.) ) Changes in defined benefit plan liabilities ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 

NOTE 21. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Other Americas Total Americas Asia: China Other Asia Total Asia Europe, Middle East and Africa Japan Total 
 Other Americas Total Americas Asia: China Other Asia Total Asia Europe, Middle East and Africa Japan Total 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Exhibit Filing Provided Number Exhibit Title Form File No. No. Date Herewith 3.01 
 The Registrant s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 3, 2019. 
 10-Q 000-15867 3.01 7/22/2019 3.02 
 The Registrant s Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of February 10, 2021. 
 8-K 000-15867 3.01 2/12/2021 4.01 Specimen Certificate of the Registrant s Common Stock. S-4 033-43400 4.01 10/17/1991 4.02 
 Base Indenture, dated October 9, 2014, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. 
 8-K 000-15867 4.01 10/9/2014 4.03 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated October 9, 2014, between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (including the Form of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2024). 
 8-K 000-15867 4.02 10/9/2014 4.04 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10-K 000-15867 4.04 2/22/2022 10.01 
 The Registrant s 1995 Directors Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 001-15867 10.01 7/26/2012 10.02 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement, as currently in effect under the Registrant s 1995 Directors Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 000-15867 10.76 2/21/2013 10.03 
 Form of Incentive Stock Award Agreement, as currently in effect under the Registrant s 1995 Directors Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 000-15867 10.77 2/21/2013 10.04 
 The Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 S-8 333-240302 99.01 8/3/2020 10.05 
 Form of Incentive Stock Award Agreement for Non-Executive Employees and Consultants, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 000-15867 10.03 10/24/2022 10.06 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Executive Employees and Consultants, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 000-15867 10.04 10/24/2022 10.07 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-Executive Employees and Consultants, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-195771 99.04 5/7/2014 10.08 
 Form of Incentive Stock Award Agreement for Executives, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-195771 99.05 5/7/2014 10.09 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executives, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-195771 99.06 5/7/2014 10.10 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Executives, as currently in effect under the Registrant s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-195771 99.07 5/7/2014 10.11 
 Tensilica, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-188452 99.01 5/8/2013 10.12 
 nusemi inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-226294 99.01 7/23/2018 10.13 
 The Registrant s Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-8 333-226293 99.01 7/23/2018 10.14 

The Registrant s 2009 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated on February 5, 2019. 
 10-K 000-15867 10.26 2/24/2020 10.15 
 The Registrant s Senior Executive Bonus Plan. 
 8-K 000-15867 10.01 2/8/2019 10.16 
 The Registrant s Executive Severance Plan. 
 8-K 001-15867 10.01 5/11/2016 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 10.17 
 The Registrant s Director Medical and Prescription Benefits Coverage Reimbursement Plan. 
 10-Q 001-10606 10.02 4/29/2011 10.18 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and executive officers, as amended and restated. 
 10-Q 000-15867 10.01 7/25/2016 10.19 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of January 8, 2009, between the Registrant and Lip-Bu Tan. 
 10-K 001-10606 10.93 3/2/2009 10.20 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of February 23, 2009, between the Registrant and Nimish H. Modi. 
 10-K 001-10606 10.96 3/2/2009 10.21 
 Form of First Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and the Registrant s named executive officers. 
 10-Q 001-10606 10.02 7/31/2009 10.22 
 Form of Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and the Registrant s named executive officers. 
 10-K 001-10606 10.94 2/26/2010 10.23 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2010, between the Registrant and Lip-Bu Tan. 
 10-K 001-10606 10.95 2/26/2010 10.24 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of March 22, 2018, between the Registrant and Lip-Bu Tan. 
 10-Q 000-15867 10.01 4/25/2018 10.25 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of September 20, 2012, between the Registrant and Thomas P. Beckley. 
 10-K 000-15867 10.44 2/20/2014 10.26 
 Letter, dated September 1, 2015, between the Registrant and Neil Zaman. 
 10-K 000-15867 10.49 2/18/2016 10.27 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of December 15, 2021, between the Registrant and Anirudh Devgan. 
 8-K/A 000-15867 10.01 12/17/2021 10.28 
 Executive Chairman Agreement, effective as of December 15, 2021, between the Registrant and Lip-Bu Tan. 
 8-K/A 000-15867 10.02 12/17/2021 10.29 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Bank of America, N.A., and other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 000-15867 10.01 7/1/2021 10.30 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Bank of America, N.A. and other lenders party thereto . 
 8-K 000-15867 10.02 9/8/2022 10.31 
 Loan Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, by and among the Registrant , Bank of America, N.A., and other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 000-15867 10.01 9/8/2022 21.01 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.01 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 31.01 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, Anirudh Devgan, pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 X 31.02 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, John M. Wall, pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 X 32.01 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, Anirudh Devgan, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.02 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, John M. Wall, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K is formatted in iXBRL. 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement covering executive officers or directors of the Registrant. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.01 and 32.02 hereto will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. /s/ Anirudh Devgan Anirudh Devgan President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: February 13, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Anirudh Devgan DATE: February 13, 2023 Anirudh Devgan President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ John M. Wall DATE: February 13, 2023 John M. Wall Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

89 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Anirudh Devgan, John M. Wall and Karna Nisewaner, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 /s/ Lip-Bu Tan February 13, 2023 Lip-Bu Tan, Executive Chair /s/ Dr. John B. Shoven February 13, 2023 Dr. John B. Shoven, Lead Independent Director /s/ Mark W. Adams February 13, 2023 Mark W. Adams, Director /s/ Ita Brennan February 13, 2023 Ita Brennan, Director /s/ Lewis Chew February 13, 2023 Lewis Chew, Director /s/ Mary Louise Krakauer February 13, 2023 Mary Louise Krakauer, Director /s/ Julia Liuson February 13, 2023 Julia Liuson, Director /s/ Dr. James D. Plummer February 13, 2023 Dr. James D. Plummer, Director /s/ Dr. Alberto Sangiovanni-Vincentelli February 13, 2023 Dr. Alberto Sangiovanni-Vincentelli, Director /s/ Young K. Sohn February 13, 2023 Young K. Sohn, Director 
 
 90 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 ex2101cdns12312022.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.01 
 
 CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The Registrant's subsidiaries as of January 1, 2023 and the state or country in which each is incorporated or organized are as follows 
 Applied Wave Research Limited United Kingdom AWR Japan KK Japan AWR LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Beijing Cadence Information Technology Co., Ltd. People's Republic of China Cadence Design (Israel) II, Ltd. Israel Cadence Design Systems (Canada) Ltd. Canada Cadence Design Systems (Cyprus) Limited Cyprus Cadence Design Systems (Finland) Oy Finland Cadence Design Systems (India) Private Limited India Cadence Design Systems (Ireland) Limited Ireland Cadence Design Systems (Israel) Ltd. Israel Cadence Design Systems (Japan) B.V. The Netherlands Cadence Design Systems (S) Pte Ltd. Singapore Cadence Design Systems (Sales) India Private Limited India Cadence Design Systems A.B. Sweden Cadence Design Systems B.V. The Netherlands Cadence Design Systems Belgium SA Belgium Cadence Design Systems do Brasil Microeletronica Ltda. Brazil Cadence Design Systems GmbH Germany Cadence Design Systems I B.V. The Netherlands Cadence Design Systems Kft. Hungary Cadence Design Systems Limited United Kingdom Cadence Design Systems LLC Russia Cadence Design Systems Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Cadence Design Systems Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. People's Republic of China Cadence Design Systems S.A.S. France Cadence Design Systems S.r.l. Italy Cadence Design Systems Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Cadence Global Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Cadence Group Unlimited Company Ireland Cadence International Ltd. Ireland Cadence Korea Ltd. The Republic of Korea Cadence Taiwan, Inc. Republic of China (Taiwan) Cadence Technology Limited Ireland Cadence U.S., Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Cascade Technologies, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Castlewilder Global Unlimited Company Ireland Castlewilder Unlimited Company Ireland coupledNumerics GmbH Switzerland Cr Vinn Teoranta Ireland Denali Software Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Denali Software, LLC California, U.S.A. 

FFG Holdings Limited United Kingdom Future Facilities Incorporated California, U.S.A. Future Facilities KK Japan Future Facilities Limited United Kingdom Jasper Holdings Ltd. Cayman Islands Nanjing Kai Ding Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. People's Republic of China Numeca (Beijing) Software Limited People's Republic of China Numeca USA, Inc. Arizona, U.S.A. Numeca-HK Limited Hong Kong NUMECA-Japan Co., Ltd. Japan NUMFLO SA Belgium OpenEye Japan KK Japan OpenEye Scientific Software Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany OpenEye Scientific Software, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Pointwise, Inc. Texas, U.S.A. Rocketick Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Shanghai Cadence Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. People's Republic of China Tundra Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Verifyter AB Sweden Verifyter Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. 6SIGMADC Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 ex2301cdns12312022.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.01 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-240302, 333-232761, 333 226294, 333 226293, 333 226292, 333 219432, 333 212669, 333 204278, 333 197579, 333 195771, 333 194102, 333 188452, 333 188449, 333 184595, 333 174202, 333 174201, 333 174200, 333 159486, 333 150948, 333 149877, 333 145891, 333 144972, 333 135003, 333 132754, 333 132753, 333 124025, 333 119335, 333 116681, 333 115351, 333 115349, 333 108251, 333 105492, 333 105481, 333 104720, 333 103657, 333 103250, 333 102648, 333 101693, 333 88390, 333 87674, 333 85080, 333 82044, 333 75874, 333 65116, 333 56898, 333 69589, 333 33330, 333 93609, 333 85591, 333 71717, 333 65529, 333 61029, 333 34599, 333 27109, and 333 18963) of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. of our report dated February 13, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

San Jose, California 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ex3101cdns12312022.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Anirudh Devgan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Anirudh Devgan Anirudh Devgan 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date February 13, 2023 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ex3102cdns12312022.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John M. Wall, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s John M. Wall John M. Wall Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 Date February 13, 2023 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ex3201cdns12312022.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anirudh Devgan, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Anirudh Devgan Anirudh Devgan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date February 13, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and will be retained by Cadence and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 ex3202cdns12312022.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.02 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John M. Wall, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s John M. Wall John M. Wall Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) Date February 13, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and will be retained by Cadence and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cdns-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cdns-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cdns-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cdns-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cdns-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

