<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1658521_0001017386-23-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1915266</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93438</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>412620</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>514290</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>353538</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>484885</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-23-000082.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228134752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-23-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001658521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				475544183
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56298
		FILM NUMBER:		23683124

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7505 FLOYD CT
		CITY:			WEATHERFORD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3152548553

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7505 FLOYD CT
		CITY:			WEATHERFORD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76087

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-23-000082.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 mtpp_2022dec31-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from [ ] to [ 
] 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
 or 
 organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

3512 Desert Mesa Rd 
 
 Roanoke, TX 76262 

(Former Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 n/a 
 MTPP 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes
 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes
 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. 

x No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 Yes
 No
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company .
See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) 

Yes
 
 x 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, and was . Market value is based on the assumed value of 0.03 per share of 93,108,353 shares
held by non-affiliates, being the most recent sale price of the common stock prior to June 30, 2022. 

250,108,353 common shares issued and outstanding and
100,000,000 preferred shares issued and outstanding as of date of this report, December 31, 2022. 

common shares issued and outstanding and 100,000,000 preferred shares issued and outstanding as of
the date of this fling, February 28 , 2023 . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 4 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 9 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 9 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 9 

ITEM 4 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 
 9 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 10 

ITEM 6 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 10 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 11 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 15 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 15 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 16 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 16 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 16 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 17 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 18 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 20 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 22 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 22 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 23 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

As used in this annual report, the terms we ,
 us , our , the Company , mean MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC., unless otherwise indicated. 

All dollar amounts refer to US dollars unless otherwise
indicated. 

Organizational History 

Mountain Top Properties, Inc. Mountain Top
Properties , We , or the Company was organized in the State of Nevada on November 06, 1990, as A 
C Medical Supply, Inc. The Company changed its name to ACI Asset Management, Inc. on June 28, 1994. The Company changed its
name to Interactive Business Development Inc. on March 17, 2005. The Company changed its name to Baby Bee Bright Corporation on July 13,
2005. On July 28, 2005, Baby Bee Bright Corporation passed a corporate resolution approving a merger effected on July 28, 2005, between
Baby Bee Bright Corporation, a Nevada Corporation and Baby Bee Bright Corporation, a private Tennessee corporation, where the private
Tennessee corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Nevada corporation in exchange for 90 million restricted shares of Baby
Bee Bright Corporation, a Nevada corporation. The Company owned at that time a patented technology that effectively transmitted
educational data to the baby while still in the womb. Research suggested at that time that the customers in that market were eager to
learn about prenatal learning and potential related products that aided in the educational development of their unborn child. The Company
believed that through the use of neurological monitoring of the fetus, it conclusively proves that baby learned while still in the womb,
the Company thought it would be head of the market by receiving a patent for audio directional technology for their prenatal educator.
The Company s prenatal educator was available at that time in five different languages. The Company's marketing plans included pursuing
the retail market through retailers that offered maternity departments. To further attract the retail market, the Company has developed
its own clothing line for expectant moms, infants, and children. 

In 2006 the Company changed its name to Lab Holdings,
Inc. On November 16, 2006, the Company changed its name to Mountain Top Properties, Inc. and became a diversified holding
company that was going to acquire, sell, and operate distressed assets through its wholly owned subsidiaries and partnerships; The Company
specialized in property management, REO foreclosure, and real estate redevelopment. Mountain Top Properties Inc. was structured that way
to take full advantage of the then market conditions in the United States. 

On January 21, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada whereby its authorized shares were changed to 900,000,000, par value .0001, consisting
of 800,000,000 Common Stock and 100,000,000 Blank Check Preferred Stock. These shares are non-assessable. On February 9, 2021,
the Company filed a Certificate of Designation Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada
whereby One Hundred Million shares of the Preferred Stock, .0001 par value, were be issued in denominations of 1,000 shares or greater.
 Holder of each Series A Super voting Preferred Stock have Twenty Thousand times the number of votes as shareholders of the Common
Stock. 

Mountain Top Properties, Inc. is to serve as a vehicle
to effect a merger, exchange of capital stock, asset acquisition, or other business combination with a domestic or foreign private business.
 The company has not commenced planned principal operations. The Company has a December 31 year end. 

Our Business 

The Company is currently attempting to locate and
negotiate with eligible portfolio companies to acquire an interest in them. In addition to acquiring an interest in them, the Company
intends to assist these portfolio companies with raising capital and offer them substantial managerial assistance needed to succeed. 

3 

Employees 

As of the date of the report and the date of this
filing, the Company has no employees. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We have a history of losses and no revenues, which
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we have incurred
net losses of 39,833 and an accumulated deficit of 158,718. We can offer no assurance that we will ever operate profitably or that we
will generate positive cash flow in the future. In addition, our operating results in the future may be subject to significant fluctuations
due to many factors not within our control, such as the unpredictability of when we will successfully develop, acquire, or commercialize
any products or services, and competitive and general economic conditions. 

Our company s future operations will be subject
to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant
operating history. No assurance can be given that we may be able to establish or sustain significant operations, or operate on a profitable
basis. We expect to continue to incur development costs and accrue losses for the foreseeable future. Our history of losses and no revenues
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have had negative cash flows from operations
since inception. We will require significant additional financing, the availability of which cannot be assured, and if our company is
unable to obtain such financing, our business may fail. 

To date, we have had negative cash flows from operations
and have depended on sales of our equity securities and debt financing to meet our cash requirements. We may continue to have negative
cash flows. We have estimated that we will require approximately 22,000 to maintain nominal operations and fulfill our public reporting
obligations for the next twelve months. We will require significantly more capital to establish develop our business and establish significant
operations. There is no assurance that actual cash requirements will not exceed our estimates. We will require additional financing to
finance working capital and pay for operating expenses and capital requirements until we achieve a positive cash flow. 

We may not be able to obtain additional equity or
debt financing on acceptable terms as required. Even if financing is available, it may not be available on terms that are favorable to
us or in sufficient amounts to satisfy our requirements. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then
existing shareholders. If we require, but are unable to obtain, additional financing in the future, we may be unable to implement our
business plan and our growth strategies, respond to changing business or economic conditions, withstand adverse operating results and
compete effectively. More importantly, if we are unable to raise further financing when required, we may be forced to scale down our operations
and our ability to generate revenues may be negatively affected. 

We have a limited operating history and if we are
not successful in continuing to grow our business, then we may have to scale back or even cease our ongoing business operations . 

We have no history of revenues, no significant operations,
and no assets. We have yet to generate positive earnings and there can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success
is significantly dependent on our abilities to develop or acquire and commercialize products or services. Our operations will be subject
to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant
operating history. We may be unable to develop or acquire any assets, or to establish significant operations. We are in the development
stage and potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by enterprises in the development stage. If we
are not able to establish operations or operate profitably, investors may lose some or all of their investment in our company. 

Our by-laws contain provisions indemnifying our
officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses incurred by them. 

Our by-laws contain provisions with respect to the indemnification of our officers and directors against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by him or her in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which they were made parties by reason of his or her being or having been one of our directors or officers. In the event that any of our officers or directors incurs any expenses, liability or loss resulting from any such action, suit or proceeding, we will be responsible for such expenses, liabilities, or losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

. 

4 

Our sole officer and director may be subject
 to conflicts of interest 
 
 Our sole officer and director provides his services
 on a non-exclusive, part-time basis, and may therefore become subject to conflicts of interest resulting from their other activities.
 Potential conflicts which may arise from these relationships include conflicts in deciding how much time to devote to our affairs, as
 well as what business opportunities should be presented to us. Currently, we have no policy in place to address such conflicts of interest.
 As a result, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON
STOCK 

A decline in the price of our common stock could
affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our ability to continue operations and we may go out of business. 

A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock
could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because we may attempt
to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our future operations through the sale of equity securities,
a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors
to not choose to invest in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all of our planned operations, we may be forced
to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including
our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. As a result, our business may suffer and not be successful and
we may go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale
of our common stock and we may be forced to go out of business. 

If we issue additional shares in the future, it
will result in the dilution of our existing shareholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, we are authorized to issue
up to 800,000,000 shares of common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, both with a par value of 0.0001. Our board of directors
may choose to issue some or all of such shares to acquire one or more businesses or to provide additional financing in the future. The
issuance of any such shares will result in a reduction of the book value and market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock.
If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current
shareholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control of our company. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets
quotation system which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets electronic
quotation system, which is a significantly more limited trading market than the NYSE MKT or The NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of
our shares on the OTC Markets may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of
our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise
capital in the future. 

There is limited liquidity on the OTC Markets quotation
system which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information. 

When fewer shares of a security are being traded on
the OTC Markets, volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due
to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock, there may be a lower likelihood of one s orders for shares of our common
stock being executed, and current prices may differ significantly from the price one was quoted at the time of one s order entry. 

Our common stock is extremely thinly traded, so
you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate
your shares. 

Currently, our common stock is quoted in the OTC Markets
electronic quotation system and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional investment funds, including
mutual funds, as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTC Markets stocks and certain major brokerage firms
restrict their brokers from recommending OTC Markets stocks because they are considered speculative, volatile and thinly traded. The OTC
market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock is subject to abuses, volatility and
shorting. Thus, there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock. An established trading market
may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of
buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity of the shares traded there. 

5 

Our common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated
to our operations. 

The trading volume of our common stock has been and
may continue to be extremely limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity, the quoted price for our common stock on the
OTC Markets may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market value. Further, if we cease to be quoted, holders would find
it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock and as a
result, the market value of our common stock likely would decline. 

We expect the market price of our common stock to
fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our ability to achieve our planned growth, quarterly
operating results of other companies in the same industry, trading volume in our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy
and the financial markets or other developments affecting our competitors or ourselves. In addition, the OTC Markets is subject to extreme
price and volume fluctuations in general. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many
companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. 

We are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions
and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements for transactions in penny stock, and Rule 15g-9(d) incorporates the definition of penny stock that is found in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. The SEC generally defines a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. We will be subject to the SEC s penny stock rules. 
 
 Since our common stock may be deemed
to be penny stock, trading in the shares of our common stock is subject to additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who
sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Accredited investors are persons
with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (excluding the value of such person s primary residence) or annual income exceeding 200,000
or 300,000 together with their spouse. For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination
for the purchase of such security and must have the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally,
for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt the rules require the delivery, prior to the first transaction of a risk disclosure
document, prepared by the SEC, relating to the penny stock market. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both
the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. 

Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stocks held in an account and information to the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently,
these rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealer to trade and/or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability
of the Company s stockholders to sell their shares of common stock. 

There can be no assurance that our shares of common
stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock was exempt from the Penny Stock Rule,
we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating
in a distribution of penny stock if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or
FINRA, has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a stockholder's ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules described
above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds
for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment
objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative
low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to
recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect
on the market for our shares. 

Because we do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders
will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on common stock. For the foreseeable future, it is expected that earnings, if any, generated from our operations will be used to finance
the growth of our business, and that no dividends will be paid to holders of our common stock. As a result, the success of an investment
in our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate
in value. 

6 

Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction
were in the stockholders interest. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and certain
provisions of Nevada State law could have the effect of making it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire, or from
discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of the Company, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of
our stockholders. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control. 

Our principal shareholder owns approximately
99 Of Our Outstanding Common Stock And May Be Able To Control Our Management And Affairs. 

As of December 31, 2022, our principal shareholder
beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 99 of our outstanding preferred stock. As a result, our principal shareholder may be
able to control our management and affairs, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such
as mergers, consolidation, and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving us,
even if such a change of control would benefit our stockholders. It could also deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a
premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and it may affect the market price of our common stock. In deciding how to vote
on such matters, those shareholders interests may conflict with yours. Compliance with the reporting requirements of federal securities
laws can be expensive. 

We are subject to the information and reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing
and filing annual and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders are substantial.
In addition, we will incur substantial expenses in connection with the preparation of registration statements and related documents with
respect to the registration of resale of the Common Stock. 

Applicable regulatory requirements, including those
contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may make it difficult for us to retain or attract qualified officers and directors,
which could adversely affect the management of its business and its ability to obtain or retain listing of our Common Stock. 

We may be unable to attract and retain those qualified
officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for effective management because of the rules and regulations
that govern publicly held companies, including, but not limited to, certifications required by principal executive officers. The enactment
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in the issuance of a series of related rules and regulations and the strengthening of existing
rules and regulations by the SEC, as well as the adoption of new and more stringent rules by the stock exchanges. The perceived increased
personal risk associated with these changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting roles as directors and executive officers. 

Further, some of these changes heighten the requirements
for board or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s independence from the corporation and level of experience
in finance and accounting matters. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications. If we
are unable to attract and retain qualified officers and directors, the management of our business and our ability to obtain or retain
listing of our shares of Common Stock on any stock exchange (assuming we elect to seek and are successful in obtaining such listing) could
be adversely affected. 

7 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal
controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or detect fraud. Investors could lose confidence in our financial
reporting and this may decrease the trading price of our Common Stock. 

We must maintain effective internal controls to provide
reliable financial reports and detect fraud. We have been assessing our internal controls to identify areas that need improvement. Failure
to maintain an effective system of internal controls could harm our operating results and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price of our Common Stock. 

The price of our common stock may become volatile,
which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation. 

The trading price of our common stock may be highly
volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as: 

actual or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

announcements of developments by us or our competitors; 

changes in the industries in which we operate; 

regulatory actions regarding our products; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

adoption of new accounting standards affecting the industries in which we operate; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 

sales of the our Common Stock or other securities in the open market; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

8 

TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own or lease any property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY
HOLDERS 

No report required. 

9 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR EQUITY SECURITIES AND OTHER
SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

MARKET INFORMATION 

Our common shares are quoted on the OTC Markets under
the symbol MTPP The following quotations, obtained from Nasdaq.com, reflect the high and low bids for our common shares
based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

The following table reflects the high and low bid
information for our common stock obtained from Nasdaq.com and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission,
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The high and low bid prices of our common stock for
the periods indicated below are as follows: 

OTC Markets 
 
 Quarter Ended 
 
 High 

Low 

December 31, 2022 

0.019 

0.019 

September 30, 2022 

0.040 

0.040 

June 30, 2022 

0.026 

0.026 

March 31, 2022 

0.031 

0.031 

December 31, 2021 

0.031 

0.031 

September 30, 2021 

0.093 

0.051 

June 30, 2021 
 
 0.055 

0.028 

March 31, 2021 
 
 0.018 

0.013 

December 31, 2020 
 
 0.012 

0.009 

________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

 Our common stock was first quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board (now OTC Markets) on November 11, 2005 

Our shares are issued in registered form. Pacific
Stock Transfer of 6725 Via Austi Pkwy Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119, Telephone: (800) 785-7782, is the registrar and transfer agent for
our common shares. 

On December 31, 2022, the shareholders list
showed 4702 registered shareholders with 250,108,353 common shares outstanding. 

DIVIDENDS 

We have never paid or declared any dividends on our
common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

We currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not Applicable. 

10 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed
below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

The MD A is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions . 

Background 

We are not currently engaged in any business operations.
We are, however, in the process of attempting to identify, locate, and if warranted, acquire new commercial opportunities. 

No revenue has been generated by the Company. It is
unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there
can be no assurance. The Company s plan of operation for the remainder of the fiscal year shall be to continue its efforts to locate
suitable acquisition candidates. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

The Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such
time will be paid with funds to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management, or other investors. 

During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring
costs related to: 

(i) 
 filing of Exchange Act reports, and 

(ii) 
 
 investigating, analyzing, and consummating an acquisition. 

We believe we will be able to meet these costs through
use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. There are no assurances that such funds
will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. 

11 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Year Ended December 31, 2022, compared to
Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating Revenues 

We have generated no revenues for the year ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Operating Expenses and Net Loss 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31,
2022, were 39,833 compared with 19,682 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating expenses consisted of a
increase in general and administrative expenses from 226 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 715 for the year ended December 31,
2022, an increase in professional fees from 16,789 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 32,363 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
increase in travel expenses from 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 4,031 for the year ended December 31,2022 and increase in
depreciation expense from 2,667 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 2,724 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded a net loss of 39,833, compared with net loss of 19,682 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company's cash balance was 0, respectively in both years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's total assets were 951 compared to total
assets of 3,675 as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities
of 54,264 compared with total liabilities of 17,155 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in total liabilities is attributed to a increase
in account payable - related party from 15,415 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 48,264 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
an increase in accounts payable from 2,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a working
capital deficit of 53,313 compared with working capital deficit of 13,480 at December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
used 0 of cash for operating activities compared to the use of 702 cash for operating activities during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Cash Flow from Investment Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
used 0 for investment activities, compared to the use of 702 for investment activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, the Company did not receive any cash from financing activities. 

Capital Stock 

On January 21, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada whereby its authorized shares were changed to 900,000,000, par value .0001, consisting
of 800,000,000 Common Stock and 100,000,000 Blank Check Preferred Stock. These shares are non-assessable. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada whereby One Hundred Million
shares of the Preferred Stock, .0001 par value, were be issued in denominations of 1,000 shares or greater. Holder of each Series
A Super voting Preferred Stock have Twenty Thousand times the number of votes as shareholders of the Common Stock. On that same day 99,922,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock was issued to a Related Party, in exchange for a debt conversion of 18,295 in Related Party Payable. 

12 

Going Concern 

We have not attained profitable operations and are
dependent upon the continued financial support from our shareholders, the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment
of profitable operations from our future business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our
liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent on
our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with such company. Management s plan includes
obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or related party advances; however, there is no
assurance of additional funding being available. 

The Company, as of the date of this filing had approximately
 0 in cash and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. In the previous two fiscal years our operating expenses were 39,833
and 19,682 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, consisting primarily of professional fees, administrative
expenses and filing fees. The ongoing expenses of the Company will be related to seeking out a suitable acquisition as well as mandatory
filing requirements including our reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 upon effectiveness of this registration
statement. 

The Company continues to rely on borrowings and financings
either arranged by the Company s President or through entities controlled by the President. In the next 12 months we expect to incur
expenses equal to approximately 22,000 related to legal, accounting, audit, and other professional service fees incurred in relation
to the Company s Exchange Act filing requirements. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company
vary widely and are dependent on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business
combination, the location of the target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of
the Company prior to the transaction will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement
of the Company s auditors in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction,
and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the
Company identifies a business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company is currently devoting its efforts to locating merger candidates. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately,
achieve profitable operations. 

The Company may consider a business which has recently
commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop
a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and needs additional
capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination with the Company will provide such company
greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community, and offer the opportunity to utilize its stock
to make acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will in fact have access to additional capital or financing as a public company. In
the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional
capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant
expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 

Our officers and directors have not had any preliminary
contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a business combination with us. Any target business that
is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities without
established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations
of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may affect a business combination with
an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that it will likely be
able to effect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective
stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business
in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us
because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

13 

The Company anticipates that the selection of a business
 combination will be complex and extremely risky. While the Company is in a competitive market with a small number of business opportunities,
 through information obtained from industry professionals including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants with experience
 in the reverse merger industry, our management believes that there are opportunities for a business combination with firms seeking the
 perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include,
 among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity for
 the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
 and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures, and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially
 available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the
 task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

We do not currently intend to retain any entity to
act as a finder to identify and analyze the merits of potential target businesses. 

We have not established a specific timeline, nor have
we created a specific plan to identify an acquisition target and consummate a business combination. We expect that our management and
the Company, through its various contacts and affiliations with other entities will locate a business combination target. We expect that
funds in the amount of approximately 20,500 will be required in order for the Company to satisfy its Exchange Act reporting requirements
during the next 12 months, in addition to any other funds that will be required in order to complete a business combination. Such funds
can only be estimated upon identifying a business combination target. Our management and stockholders have indicated an intent to advance
funds on behalf of the Company as needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with its Exchange Act reporting requirements,
however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company and our management or stockholders specifically requiring they provide
any funds to the Company. Therefore, there are no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain the required financing as needed
in order to consummate a business combination transaction. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 

Default on Notes 

There are currently no notes in default. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

As of the year ended December 31, 2022,
we did not have any contractual obligations. 

 Plan of Operation and Funding 

We estimate that our expenses over the next 12 months
will be approximately 22,000 as described in the table below. These estimates may change significantly depending on the nature of our
future business activities and our ability to raise capital from shareholders or other sources. Our working capital requirements are expected
to increase in line with the growth of our business. 

Estimated 
 Estimated 

Completion 
 Expenses 
 
 Description 
 Date 
 ) 

General and administrative 
 12 months 
 2,000 
 
 Legal and Accounting 
 12 months 
 20,000 

Total 
 
 22,000 

In connection with our business plan, management
anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) developmental expenses associated with
a start-up business and (ii) marketing expenses. 

We intend to meet our cash requirements for the next
12 months through the use of the cash we have on hand and through equity financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result
in further dilution in the equity ownership of our shares. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to our common stock. We currently do not have any arrangements in place to complete any private placement financings and there is no assurance
that we will be successful in completing any such financings on terms that will be acceptable to us. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

14 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Page F-1 

Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations 
 F-3 

Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

15 

VICTOR MOKUOLU, CPA PLLC 
 Accounting | Advisory | Assurance
 Audit | Tax 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Mountain Top Properties, Inc. 

 7505 Floyd Ct. 

 Weatherford, TX 76087 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Mountain Top Properties, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
recurring losses since inception, has a shareholder deficit, and the Company and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized
source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time these factors raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

www.vmcpafirm.com | Ph: 713.588.6622 | Fax: 1.833.694.1494 | ask@vmcpafirm.com 

Accounting | Advisory | Assurance
 Audit | Tax 

Critical Audit Matters 

A critical audit matter is a matter arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s
governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating a critical audit, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that there are no critical audit matters communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

February 25, 2023 
 PCAOB ID: 

www.vmcpafirm.com | Ph: 713.588.6622 | Fax: 1.833.694.1494 | ask@vmcpafirm.com 

F-1 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (Audited) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed Assets (Net) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Accounts Payable - Related Party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholder's Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value , 

shares Authorized, shares Issued and 

Preferred Stock,
 par value 0.0001, 100,000,000 shares Authorized, 100,000,000 shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021 

Common Stock, par value , 

shares Authorized; shares Issued 

Common Stock, par value
 0.0001, 800,000,000 shares Authorized; 250,108,353 shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholder's Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-2 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (Audited) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Depreciation expenses 

Travel expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Net Loss 

Basic Diluted Loss per Common Share 

Weighted Average Common Shares 

Weighted Average Common
 Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-3 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 

STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (Audited) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Deficiency 
 
 Balance At December 31, 2020 

) 

Issuance of Preferred Stock 

Net Loss for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

) 

Balance At December 31, 2021 

) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Deficiency 
 
 Balance At December 31, 2021 

) 

Net Loss for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

) 

Balance At December 31, 2022 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-4 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (Audited) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
 net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation Expense 

Changes In: 

Accounts Payable 

Accounts Payable - Related Party 

Accrued Expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of Fixed Assets 

Net Cash Used in Investment Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of Preferred Stock in Exchange for Debt Conversion -Related Party Payable 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Cash paid during the year for:
 Interest 

Cash paid during
 the year for: Franchise Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-5 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

 (Audited 

in fixed assets and total assets, cash on hand. At December
31, 2022, the Company had in fixed assets and total assets, cash on hand. 

years 
 
 Computer Equipment 
 
 years 

2.6 Stock-Based Compensation 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
has not issued any stock-based payments to its employees Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC
718, when applicable. To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options. 

to net income (loss) as follows: 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give
rise to the Company s net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 

 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Assets - Net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately
 of federal and state net operating loss carryovers NOLs ), which begin to expire in 2042. Utilization of the NOLs
may be subject to limitation under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50 ownership change as determined
under regulations. 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance
against the entire deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax
asset will not be realized. 

F-8 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

 (Audited) 

as of December 31, 2022. The Company currently has limited liquidity and has not completed its efforts to establish
a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. These factors among others, raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. The Company will require additional financing moving forward and is pursuing various strategies
to accomplish this, including seeking equity funding and/or debt funding from private placement sources. Although management believes
that it will be able to obtain the necessary funding to allow the Company to remain a going concern through the methods discussed above,
there can be no assurances that such methods will prove successful. 

Management anticipates that the Company
will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. There are no assurances that the
Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

Risk uncertainties associated with
Covid-19. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
surfaced in China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world, including the United States and Kazakhstan. On January
30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of
International Concern, and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic .
The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business; however, if the current economic conditions
continue, the Company will be forced to significantly scale back its business operations and its growth plans, and could ultimately have
a significant negative impact on the Company. As of the time of this report, the spread of COVID-19 has abated, but the Company is not
able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business; however, if the current economic conditions continue, the
Company will be forced to significantly scale back its business operations and its growth plans, and could ultimately have a significant
negative impact on the Company. 

. 

The Company depreciates its property using
straight-line depreciation over the estimated useful life of 3 years. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 the
company recorded in depreciation expense. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the
company recorded in depreciation expense. 

During 2019-2021, the Company s majority
shareholder loaned the Company for paying off professional, legal and other administrative expenses. At a Board meeting held on January
27, 2021, the Company approved debt conversion of into stock. It was resolved that 18,295 owed to Joseph Passalaqua was
to be converted into shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in the name of Friction and Heat, LLC. This took place
on February 11, 2021. 

The Company s majority preferred stockholder,
Joseph Passalaqua, loaned the Company additional funds for paying professional fees and administrative expenses in 2021 and 2022. As of
the current year ended, December 31, 2022, 37,264 is owed for these advances due to a Joseph Passalaqua, a Related Party. This amount
is non-interest bearing, due upon demand, unsecured and included in Accounts Payable Related Party. 

From 2020-2022, Related Parties provided
internal accounting services. 

 As of the previous year ended, December
31, 2021 and current year ended, December 31, 2022, was owed to Midland Consulting. This amount is non-interest bearing, due upon
demand and unsecured. 

As of previous year ended December 31, 2021, was owed to Lyboldt-Daly Inc. As of the current year ended, December
31, 2022, is owed to Lyboldt-Daly Inc. Joseph Passalaqua, is the majority preferred stockholder of Mountain Top Properties Inc
and the sole officer of that Lyboldt-Daly, Inc. This amount is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

at par value of with common
shares numbering and blank check preferred shares numbering . On the same date the Company has filed a certificate
of designation for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company s control and issued 99,220,000 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock to Friction and Heat LLC. 

Preferred stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Preferred Stock,
par value per share. As of December 30, 2021 and December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of Series A Preferred Stock
were issued and outstanding. 

Common stock 

The company is authorized to issue shares of common stock,
par value of per share. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of its common stock
issued and outstanding. 

F-10 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

 (Audited) 

F-11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including
its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of the period covered by this report, December
31, 2022 and as of the date of this filing, February 28, 2023, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer; Anthony Lombardo of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer;
Anthony Lombardo concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Such officer also confirmed that there was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting during the year December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

16 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS
AND CONTROL PERSONS OF THE COMPANY 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

 The following table sets forth information regarding
the directors and each director nominee, as of the date of this filing. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 DIRECTOR SINCE 

Anthony Lombardo 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Anthony Lombardo 

Mr. Lombardo, 62, From March 1998 to December 2002,
Mr. Lombardo worked as a Program Manager for Hughes Aircraft in Arlington, Texas. He was the South Central Regional Manager for Training
and Services with General Motors Corporation in Dallas, TX from January 2003 through March 2004. From April 2004 to July 2008 he was Operations
Manager of Laqua s 481 Chevrolet, an auto dealership in Fulton, NY. Mr. Lombardo was a consultant for Hendricks Motorsports in North
Carolina from August 2008 through Jan 2010. In April 2010 he became Floor Manager at Allstar Dodge, a subsidiary of Auto, Inc. in Amarillo,
TX. 

Our Executive Officers 

We designate persons serving in the following positions
as our named executive officers: our chief executive officer, chief financial officer. The following table sets forth information regarding
our executive officers as of the date of this filing. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 OFFICE SINCE 

Anthony Lombardo 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, CFO and Secretary 
 
 2022 

Anthony Lombardo s biographical summary is included
under Our Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have an audit committee financial expert.
We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is
prohibitive. Further, because we have no operations, at the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert are not warranted. 

Significant Employees 

Other than our director, we do not expect any other
individuals to make a significant contribution to our business. 

17 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth certain information
about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer for the years ended December 31, 2022 and the date of
this filing. 

Summary Compensation Table 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
 and date of this filing. 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 

Non-Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Compensa- 
tion ) 
 
 Change in 
Pension 
Value and 
Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 
 All 
Other 
Compensa- 
tion ) 

Total ) 

Anthony Lombardo (1) 
 
 President, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer,
 and Director 
 
 2021 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 

2022 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 

(1) 
 
 On January 31, 2022, Anthony Lombardo was
 appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. As of the year ended December 31, 2021,
 Anthony Teece was our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and sole Director. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table 

There are no employment contracts, compensatory plans
or arrangements, including payments to be received from our company with respect to any executive officer, that would result in payments
to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with our company, or its subsidiaries,
any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of our company. 

18 

Options Grants During the Last Fiscal Year / Stock
Option Plans 

We do not currently have a stock option plan in favor
of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with
stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or director during the last fiscal
year; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors during our last fiscal year. 

O ptions Grants During the Last Fiscal Year
/ Stock Option Plans 

We do not currently have a stock option plan in favor
of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with
stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or director during the last fiscal
year; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors during our last fiscal year. 

Aggregated Options Exercises in Last Fiscal Year 

No individual grants of stock options, whether or
not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or any director
during our last fiscal year; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors since during
our last fiscal year. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

We do not have any long-term incentive plans that
provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts under
non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant since our inception;
accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered into or exercised by any of
the officers or directors or employees or consultants since we were founded. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

No equity awards were outstanding as of the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Compensation of Directors 

The members of our board of directors are not compensated
by our company for acting as such. Directors are reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred. There are no arrangements
pursuant to which directors are or will be compensated in the future for any services provided as a director. 

We do not have any agreements for compensating our
directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options
to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. 

We have determined that none of our directors are
indepe ndent directors, as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide
pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant
to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted
at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards 

We do not have any long-term incentive plans that
provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive
Officers and Other Management 

None of our directors or executive officers
 or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee,
 support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

19 

I TEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information as of December
31, 2022 regarding the ownership of our common stock by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent
of our outstanding shares of common stock, each director and all executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated,
each of the shareholders has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned. 

P rincipal Stockholders Common Stock 

The following table sets forth, as
of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

NUMBER OF 
SHARES 
 
 PERCENT OF 
SHARES 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF 
 
 TITLE 
 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 
 BENEFICIALLY 

BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 
 OF CLASS 
 
 OWNED 
 
 OWNED 

Terra Silex Holdings LLC 

Common 

75,000,000 

29.99 

240 Main S. 
 Denver, PA 17517-1623 

Kenneth Rickel 
 301 N. Canon Drive 
 Beverly Hills, CA 90210-4722 

Common 

32,000,000 

12.87 

Alfonso Knoll 
 249 Main St. 
 Denver, PA 175171623 

Common 

25,000,000 

9.99 

Marilyn P. Altschull EX FBO 
 Estate of Leon Prince 
 1200 E High St. Ste 209 
 Pottstown, PA 19464-4938 

Common 

25,000,000 

9.99 

All Directors and officers as a group (none) 

Common 

0 

P rincipal Stockholders Preferred 
Series A Stock 

The following table sets forth, as
of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

NUMBER OF 
SHARES 
 
 PERCENT OF 
SHARES 
 
 NAME AND ADDRESS OF 
 
 TITLE 
 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 
 BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 
 OF CLASS 
 
 OWNED 
 
 OWNED 
 
 Friction Heat LLC. (Joseph C. Passalaqua, owner) 

Preferred 

99,220,000 

99 

Series A 

All Directors and officers as a group (none) 

Preferred 
 Series A 

0 

20 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The authorized capital stock of Mountain Top Properties, Inc. consists
of 900,000,000 shares, par value .0001, of which 800,000,000 are Common Stock (the Common Stock and 100,000,000 are Blank
Check Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ). These shares are non-assessable. As of December 31, 2022, there were
250,108,353 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

The following description of certain matters relating to Mountain Top Properties,
Inc. securities is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of Mountain Top Properties, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation,
the Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

Common Stock 

The Company has 800,000,000 Common Stock authorized. As of December 31,
2022, 250,108,353 shares are issued and outstanding. 

The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all
matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The holders of the common stock have the sole right to vote, except as otherwise provided
by law, by our articles of incorporation, or in a statement by our board of directors in a Preferred Stock Designation. In addition,
such holders are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out
of legally available funds. 

The holders of the common stock do not have cumulative voting rights or
preemptive rights to acquire or subscribe for additional, unissued or treasury shares in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.
Accordingly, the holders of more than 50 percent of the issued and outstanding shares of the common stock voting for the election of directors
can elect all of the directors if they choose to do so, and in such event, the holders of the remaining shares of the common stock voting
for the election of the directors will be unable to elect any person or persons to the board of directors. All outstanding shares of the
common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

The laws of the State of Nevada provide that the affirmative vote of a
majority of the holders of the outstanding shares of our common stock and is required to authorize any amendment to our articles of incorporation,
any merger or consolidation of Petro USA, Inc. with any corporation, or any liquidation or disposition of any substantial assets of Mountain
Top Properties, Inc. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has 100,000,000 Blank Check Preferred Stock authorized. As
of December 31, 2022, 100,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding. These 100,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Stock
whereby holder of each Series A Super voting Preferred Stock have Twenty Thousand times the number of votes as shareholders of the Common
Stock 

Options 

The Company has not issued any options to purchase shares of its common
stock, although it may establish a qualified option plan at some point in the future. 

21 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During the previous year ended December
31, 2021, the Company approved debt conversion of 18,295 into stock due to a Related Party, Joseph Passalaqua. It was resolved
that 18,295 owed to Joseph Passalaqua was to be converted into 99,220,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in the name
of Friction and Heat, LLC. The remaining amount outstanding to Related Party Joseph Passalaqua, as of December 31, 2022 is 37,264.
This amount is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

From 2020-2022, Related Parties provided
internal accounting services, as of December 31, 2022, 2,000 is owed to Midland Consulting and 9,000 is owed to Lyboldt-Daly Inc. respectively.
These amounts are non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

Other than as described herein, none of our directors
or executive officers, nor any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than five percent of the voting
rights attached to all of our outstanding shares, nor any members of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings,
and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction over the last two years
or in any presently proposed transaction which, in either case, has or will materially affect us. 

We do not have a specific policy or procedure for
the review, approval, or ratification of any transaction involving related persons. We historically have sought and obtained funding from
officers, directors, and family members as these categories of persons are familiar with our management and often provide better terms
and conditions than we can obtain from unassociated sources. Also, we are so small that having specific policies or procedures of this
type would be unworkable. 

Director Independence 

As of the date of this filing, Anthony Lombardo, serves
our sole director and as our sole officer. 

 Anthony Lombardo, the current Director, are not independent
directors, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association of Securities Dealers. 

 . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant
for the audit of our annual financial statements on Form 10-K and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

Audit Fees - CPA 

20,921 

8,010 

Audit Related Fees - Other 
 
 4,000 

6,500 

Tax Fees 
 
 Nil 

Nil 

All Other Fees 
 
 Nil 

Nil 

Total 

24,921 

14,510 

Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided
by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or
after the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has considered the nature and
amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is
compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

22 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual
Report. 

Exhibits: 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements 

(1) 
 Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

(2) 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

3.1.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation as A C Medical Supply, Inc. dated November 6, 1990 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to ACI Asset Management Inc, dated June 28, 1994 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment dated February 23, 2000 

3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment dated March 16, 2005 

3.1.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Interactive Business Development Inc. dated July 12, 2005 

3.1.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Baby Bright Corporation dated April 18, 2006 

3.1.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Mountain Top Properties, Inc. dated November 16, 2006 

3.1.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment dated January 21, 2021 

31.1 

Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

32.1 

Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Filed with Form 10-12g/A on June 25, 2021 

Filed herewith 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MOUNTAIN TOP PROPERTIES, INC. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Anthony Lombardo 

Anthony Lombardo 

President, 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 
 By: 

/s/ Anthony Lombardo 

Anthony Lombardo 

President, 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Anthony Lombardo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mountain Top Properties, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
 and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
 and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Anthony Lombardo 

Anthony Lombardo 

President, 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Anthony
Lombardo , hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mountain Top Properties, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Mountain Top Properties, Inc.. 

Dated: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Anthony Lombardo 

Anthony Lombardo 

President, 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Mountain Top Properties, Inc. and
will be retained by Mountain Top Properties, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mtpp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 mtpp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 mtpp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mtpp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

