<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1528985_0000950170-23-009462.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22787516</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>506347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1912653</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12656029</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2337652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4778126</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009462.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323155817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009462
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001528985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				453079597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55146
		FILM NUMBER:		23756097

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6302188000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inland Monthly Income Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inland Core Assets Real Estate Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009462.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 ireit-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

- 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

x 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 o 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 There is no established public market for the registrant s shares of common stock. As of March 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 Auditor Name: 	Auditor Location: 	Auditor Firm ID: 

INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 33 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 33 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 38 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 38 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 39 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 42 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 43 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 53 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 55 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 55 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 55 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 55 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 55 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 56 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 62 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 63 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 64 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 68 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 69 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 69 

Signatures 
 
 73 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 The risk factors detailed in Item 1A titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. Those risks are not all of the risks we face. The following is a summary of the principal risk factors detailed in Item 1A that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have incurred net losses on a basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and may incur such net losses in the future, which has had and could in the future have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operations, cash flow, and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions to our stockholders. 

The amount and timing of distributions, if any, may vary, and we suspended payment of our customary quarterly distributions from the first quarter of 2020 until July 2021. We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including the proceeds of our DRP. 

There is no established public trading market for our shares, and due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic our board of directors suspended our SRP from June 26, 2020 until August 2021 and could do so again in its discretion. 

Our stockholders may not be able to sell their shares under our SRP in the future, and, even if our stockholders are able to sell their shares under the SRP, or otherwise, they may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. 

The Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock is based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate or complete and is also subject to a number of limitations. 

Our charter authorizes us to issue additional shares of stock, which may reduce the percentage of our common stock owned by our other stockholders, subordinate stockholders rights or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 

Market disruptions may adversely impact many aspects of our operating results and operating condition. 

Our board of directors may change our investment policies without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of our stockholders investment. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our strategic plan, and it is not clear if or when we will complete a liquidity event. 

Development or redevelopments may expose us to additional risks. 

Competition with other non-traditional and online grocery retailers may reduce our profitability. 

We rely on IREIC and its affiliates and subsidiaries to manage and conduct our operations. Any material adverse change in IREIC s financial condition or our relationship with IREIC could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to achieve our investment objectives. 

If we become self-managed by internalizing our management functions, we may be unable to retain key personnel, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be delayed or hindered, which could adversely affect our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and the value of their investments. 

The spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) at various times and in various locations throughout the U.S., and its future impacts are uncertain and hard to measure, but it has had material adverse effects on our business, and these effects may recur and could be more severe, depending in part on the effectiveness of vaccinations and treatments and the willingness and ability of people to be vaccinated and treated, the severity and duration of the pandemic in the U.S. and its immediate and lingering economic effects. 

Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 There are inherent risks with real estate investments. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly sold, limiting our ability to promptly vary our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which, for example, reduce the demand for rental space. 

E-commerce seems likely to continue to have an adverse impact on our tenants and our business. 

We depend on tenants for our revenue, and accordingly lease terminations, tenant default, and bankruptcies could adversely affect the income produced by our properties. 

Our revenue is impacted by the success and economic viability of our anchor retail tenants, some of whom have been struggling to compete with internet retailers or have been significantly adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or both. Our reliance on 

1 
 
 single or significant tenants in certain buildings may decrease our ability to lease vacated space and adversely affect the returns on our stockholders investment. 

Tenant bankruptcies, particularly tenants that occupy multiple spaces at our properties, may have material adverse effects on us. 

Inflation and continuing increases in the inflation rate may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be restricted from re-leasing space at our retail properties by provisions such as exclusivity provisions in other tenants leases. 

We have entered into long-term leases with some of our retail tenants, and those leases may not result in fair value over time, which could adversely affect our revenues and ability to make distributions. 

Short-term leases may expose us to the effects of declining market rent. 

Operating expenses may increase in the future and to the extent these increases cannot be passed on to our tenants, our cash flow and our operating results would decrease. 

An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties. 

Potential development and construction delays and resulting increased costs and risks may reduce cash flow from operations. 

We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and therefore have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our property. 

Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect our returns. 

The costs of complying with environmental laws and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 

We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act or similar laws. 

Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 Volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to secure debt financing on attractive terms and our ability to service any future indebtedness that we may incur. 

Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans and may result in defaults under other agreements, including our Credit Facility. 

The financial covenants under our credit agreement may restrict our ability to make distributions and our operating and acquisition activities. If we breach the financial covenants we could be held in default under the credit agreement, which could accelerate our repayment date and materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

Increasing interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to pay distributions. We may also be adversely affected by uncertainty surrounding LIBOR. 

To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may turn out to be costly and ineffective. 

Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 IREIC may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our Business Manager and our Real Estate Manager. 

We do not have arm s-length agreements with our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager or any other affiliates of IREIC. 

Our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager and other affiliates of IREIC face conflicts of interest caused by their compensation arrangements with us, which could result in actions that are not in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. 

Our properties may compete with the properties owned by other programs sponsored by IREIC or IPCC. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 Our rights, and the rights of our stockholders, to recover claims against our officers, directors, Business Manager and Real Estate Manager are limited. 

Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that a stockholder would receive a control premium for his or her shares. 

Our charter places limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own without the prior approval of our board of directors. 

We have a classified board, which may discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to our stockholders. 

Federal Income Tax Risks 
 If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. 

Complying with the REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 

Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for dividends payable by other businesses. 

2 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1.	B usiness 
 General 
 Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (which we refer to herein as the Company , we , our or us was incorporated on August 24, 2011 to acquire and manage a portfolio of commercial real estate investments located in the United States. We have primarily focused on acquiring retail properties and intend to target a portfolio substantially all of which is comprised of grocery-anchored properties as described below. We have invested in joint ventures and may continue to invest in additional joint ventures or acquire other real estate assets such as office and medical office buildings, multi-family properties and industrial/distribution and warehouse facilities if our management believes the expected returns from those investments exceed that of retail properties. We also may invest in real estate-related equity securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies, as well as commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS ). Our sponsor, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, referred to herein as our Sponsor or IREIC, is an indirect subsidiary of The Inland Group, LLC. Various affiliates of our Sponsor provide services to us. We have no employees and are externally managed and advised by IREIT Business Manager Advisor, Inc., referred to herein as our Business Manager, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of our Sponsor. Our Business Manager is responsible for overseeing and managing our day-to-day operations. Our properties are managed by Inland Commercial Real Estate Services LLC, referred to herein as our Real Estate Manager, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of our Sponsor. 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned 52 retail properties, totaling 7.2 million square feet. A majority of our properties are multi-tenant, necessity-based retail shopping centers primarily located in major regional markets and growing secondary markets throughout the United States. At December 31, 2022, grocery-anchored or grocery shadow-anchored shopping center properties represented 88 of our annualized base rent. A grocery shadow-anchored shopping center is a shopping center near a grocery store that we do not own and is not a part of our shopping center but generates traffic for our shopping center. At December 31, 2022, our portfolio had weighted average physical and economic occupancy of 93.0 and 93.5 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, annualized base rent ABR per square foot averaged 19.10, 17.79 and 18.00, respectively, for all properties owned. ABR is calculated by annualizing the monthly base rent for leases in-place as of the applicable date, including the effect of any tenant concessions, such as rent abatement or allowances, which may have been granted and excluding ground leases. Annualized base rent including ground leases averaged 16.42, 15.04 and 15.29 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company has a strategic plan that includes the goals of providing future liquidity to investors and creating long-term stockholder value. The strategic plan is targeted toward owning a portfolio substantially all of which would be comprised of grocery-anchored properties with lower exposure to big box retailers. Of our 951 leasable spaces, there are 123 non-grocery big box (anchor spaces of at least 10,000 square feet) in the portfolio, and of those seven are vacant, and one is dark (meaning that the tenant is still obligated by their lease to pay rent but has vacated the space and left it unused) as of February 28, 2023. Consistent with the strategic plan, we sold three properties in January 2020 for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 37.2 million. At the time, we used the proceeds to pay down our revolving credit facility. For discussions of these sales, see Note 5 Dispositions included in our December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15. 
 Our management team and our board continually evaluate possibilities for the opportunistic sale of certain assets with the goal of redeploying capital into the acquisition of strategically located grocery-anchored centers. We are not actively marketing any properties as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. We believe increasing our size and profitability would enhance our ability to complete a successful liquidity event, and to that end, on May 17, 2022, we acquired eight retail shopping center properties, seven of which are grocery-anchored, from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP, for approximately 278 million. We do not presently expect to have access to the capital and financing to acquire additional properties on terms and conditions that would be acceptable to us, but if such capital and financing were to become available, we may seek and evaluate potential acquisitions and may opportunistically acquire retail properties that we believe complement our existing portfolio in terms of relevant characteristics such as tenant mix, demographics and geography and are consistent with our plan to own a portfolio substantially all of which is comprised of grocery-anchored or shadow-anchored properties. We may also consider other transactions, such as redeveloping certain of our properties or portions of certain of our properties, for example, big-box spaces, to repurpose them for alternative commercial or multifamily residential uses. We expect to consider liquidity events, such as listing our common stock on a national securities exchange, but given our desire to opportunistically grow the portfolio, execute redevelopment opportunities, execute strategic sales and acquisitions and the complex factors surrounding our strategic decisions such as (i) changes in retail market conditions resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, (ii) the effects of competition from evolving internet businesses on the performance and financial condition of our tenants, (iii) the state of the commercial real estate market and financial markets, (iv) our ability to raise capital or borrow on terms that are acceptable to the Company in light of the use of the proceeds and (v) general economic conditions, among other factors, we do not know when we will complete a liquidity event. The timing of the completion of the strategic plan has already extended beyond our original expectations and cannot be predicted with certainty. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully implement its strategic plan, for example by making strategic sales or purchases of properties or listing the Company s common stock, within any timeframe we might prefer or at all. 
 3 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 Through the distribution reinvestment plan DRP ), we provide stockholders with the option to purchase additional shares from us by automatically reinvesting distributions, subject to certain share ownership restrictions. We do not pay any selling commissions or a marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance in connection with the DRP. 
 To preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, our board of directors suspended distributions and rescinded the first quarter distribution that was expected to be paid on June 1, 2020 to stockholders of record on May 29, 2020. Our board of directors also suspended our DRP and share repurchase program. The suspension of the DRP was effective on June 6, 2020 and the suspension of the share repurchase program was effective on June 26, 2020. On June 29, 2021, we announced the reinstatement and lifting of the suspension of our DRP. The effective date of the DRP reinstatement was July 22, 2021. 
 
 The price per share for shares of common stock purchased under the DRP is equal to the Estimated Per Share NAV unless and until the shares become listed for trading. On March 4, 2022, we reported an estimated per share NAV of 20.20 and on March 6, 2023, we reported a new Estimated Per Share NAV of 19.86. Beginning with the first quarter 2023 distributions payable in April, shares sold through the DRP will be issued at a price equal to 19.86 until we update the Estimated Per Share NAV in 2024. 
 Distributions reinvested through the DRP were 7.3 million, 3.7 million and 4.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 We adopted a share repurchase program (as amended, SRP effective October 18, 2012, under which we are authorized to purchase shares from stockholders who purchased their shares from us or received their shares through a non-cash transfer and who have held their shares for at least one year. Purchases are in our sole discretion. In the case of repurchases made upon the death of a stockholder or qualifying disability Exceptional Repurchases ), the one year holding period does not apply. The SRP was amended and restated effective January 1, 2018 to change the processing of repurchase requests from a monthly to a quarterly basis to align with the move to quarterly distributions. On February 11, 2019, our board adopted a second amended and restated SRP, which became effective on March 21, 2019. On March 3, 2020, our board adopted a third amended and restated SRP (the Third A R SRP ), which became effective on April 10, 2020. 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, our board of directors suspended our SRP effective on June 26, 2020. On June 29, 2021, we announced the reinstatement and lifting of the suspension of our SRP and our board adopted a fourth amended and restated SRP (the Fourth SRP ). The Fourth SRP along with SRP reinstatement became effective on August 12, 2021. 
 Repurchases through the SRP were 3.6 million, 2.8 million and 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 4 
 
 Segment Data 
 We currently view our real estate portfolio as one reportable segment in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, we did not report any other segment disclosure for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For information related to our business segment, reference is made to Note 12 Segment Reporting which is included in our December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15. 
 Tax Status 
 We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Internal Revenue Code ), commencing with the tax year ended December 31, 2013. Commencing with such taxable year, we were organized and began operating in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and believe we have so qualified. As a result, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain) to its stockholders. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our REIT status. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income as a C corporation. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes. The earnings of any taxable REIT subsidiaries generally will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax applicable to C corporations. 
 Competition 
 The commercial real estate market is highly competitive. We compete in all of our markets with other owners and operators of commercial properties. We compete based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect on a property s occupancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses. 
 We are subject to significant competition in seeking real estate investments and tenants. We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities including other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, hedge funds, governmental bodies and other entities. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater financial resources than we do and generally enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. 
 Human Capital 
 We do not have any employees. In addition, all of our executive officers are officers of IREIC or one or more of its affiliates and are compensated by those entities, in part, for their services rendered to us. We neither separately compensate our executive officers for their service as officers, nor do we reimburse either our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager for any compensation paid to individuals who also serve as our executive officers, or the executive officers of our Business Manager or its affiliates or our Real Estate Manager; provided that, for these purposes, the corporate secretaries of our Company and our Business Manager are not considered executive officers. 
 Regulations - General 
 Our investments are subject to various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including, among other things, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, zoning regulations, land use controls, environmental controls relating to air and water quality, noise pollution and indirect environmental impacts such as increased motor vehicle activity. Compliance with these regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have such an impact in the future. We believe that we have all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our investments. 
 Regulations - Environmental 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws of federal, state and local governments and foreign governments at various levels. Compliance with existing environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have such an impact in the future. We cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on properties in which we own an interest, or on properties that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. We do not believe that our existing portfolio as of December 31, 2022 will require us to incur material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. 
 5 
 
 Access to Company Information 
 We electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the SEC. The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC s Internet address located at www.sec.gov. The website contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
 We make available, free of charge, on our website, inland-investments.com/inland-income-trust, or by responding to requests addressed to our investor services group, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. We routinely post important information about us and our business, including financial and other information for investors, on our website. We encourage investors to visit our website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. 
 Certifications 
 We have filed with the SEC the certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 6 
 
 Item 1A.	Ri sk Factors 
 The factors described below represent our material risks. Other factors may exist that we do not consider material based on information that is currently available or that we are not currently able to anticipate. The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We have incurred net losses on a basis in accordance with GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and may incur such net losses in the future that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operations, cash flow, and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 We have incurred net losses on a GAAP basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 of 12.6 million, 2.5 million and 10.4 million, respectively and future net losses could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operations, cash flow, and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 The amount and timing of distributions, if any, may vary, and payment of distributions was temporarily suspended during the COVID-19 pandemic and could be suspended again in the future. We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including the proceeds of our DRP. 
 There are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of distributions paid to our stockholders. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund any distributions to our stockholders. The actual amount and timing of distributions, if any, is determined by our board of directors in its discretion, based on its analysis of our actual and expected cash flow, capital expenditures and investments, as well as general financial conditions. Actual cash available for distribution may vary substantially from estimates made by our board. The sale of assets and delayed reinvestment or reinvestment at lower yields will negatively impact the amount available to pay distributions. In addition, to the extent we invest in development or redevelopment projects that do not immediately generate cash flow, or in real estate assets that have significant capital requirements, our ability to make distributions will be negatively impacted. Our board will continue to review our distribution policy as our strategic plan evolves. In light of the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and to preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, our board of directors rescinded the first quarter distribution that was expected to be paid on June 1, 2020 and suspended the payment of distributions until July 2021. There is no assurance we will be able to pay distributions in the future at any particular amount. 
 Historically, we have not consistently generated sufficient cash flow from operations to fund distribution payments. Our organizational documents permit us to pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations. Specifically, some or all of our distributions may be paid from retained cash flow (if any), borrowings, cash flow from investing activities, the net proceeds from the sale of our assets, or from the proceeds of our DRP. Accordingly, if we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions, some or all of our distributions may be paid from the other sources described above. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use such alternate sources. 
 Funding distributions from the proceeds of our DRP, borrowings or asset sales would result in us having fewer funds available to acquire properties or other real estate-related investments. Likewise, funding distributions from the sale of additional securities, including shares issued under the DRP, would dilute our stockholders interest in us on a percentage basis and may impact the value of the investment, especially if we sell these securities at prices less than the price our stockholders paid for their shares. As a result, the return our stockholders realize on their investment may be reduced. Doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. A decrease in the level of stockholder participation in the DRP could have an adverse impact on our ability to fund distributions and other operating and capital needs. There is no assurance we will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to cover distributions. If these sources are not available or are not adequate, our board may have to consider reducing or eliminating distributions. 
 There is no established public trading market for our shares and our SRP was suspended during the COVID-19 pandemic and may be suspended again in our discretion. 
 There is no established public trading market for our shares and no assurance that one may develop. This inhibits the transferability of our shares. Our charter does not require our directors to seek stockholder approval to liquidate our assets by a specified date, nor does our charter require our directors to list our shares for trading by a specified date. There is no assurance the board will pursue a listing or other liquidity event at any time in the future. In addition, even if our board decides to seek a listing of our shares of common stock, there is no assurance that we will satisfy the listing requirements or that our shares will be approved for listing. Even if our shares of common stock are approved for listing, we can provide no assurance regarding the price at which our shares may trade. Thus, holders of our common stock should be prepared to hold their shares for an unlimited period of time. Our charter also prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our stock or more than 9.8 (in value or number whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock by any single investor unless exempted by our board. 
 7 
 
 Moreover, our SRP contains numerous restrictions that limit our stockholders' ability to sell their shares even if the plan is reactivated. For example, because of funding limits, we have not been able to satisfy all properly submitted repurchase requests and have satisfied requests on a pro rata basis. 
 Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend (in whole or in part), or terminate our SRP, which was in fact suspended during the COVID-19 pandemic from the first quarter of 2020 until August of 2021. The SRP will immediately terminate if our shares become listed for trading on a national securities exchange. Further, our board reserves the right in its sole discretion to change the repurchase prices or reject any requests for repurchases. Any amendments to, or suspension or termination of, the SRP may restrict or eliminate our stockholders ability to have us repurchase their shares and otherwise prevent our stockholders from liquidating their investment. Therefore, our stockholders may not have the opportunity to make a repurchase request prior to a potential termination of the SRP and our stockholders may not be able to sell any of their shares of common stock back to us. As a result of these restrictions and circumstances, the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares should they require liquidity is significantly restricted. Moreover, under the SRP, any shares accepted for ordinary repurchases or exceptional repurchases are repurchased at a discount to the then-current estimated per share NAV. Therefore, even if our stockholders are able to sell their shares of common stock back to us pursuant to the SRP, they may be forced to do so at a discount to the purchase price such stockholders paid for their shares. 
 The Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock is based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate or complete and is also subject to a number of limitations. 
 On March 6, 2023, we announced an Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 equal to 19.86 per share. To assist our board of directors in establishing the Estimated Per Share NAV, we engaged a third party specializing in providing real estate financial services. As with any methodology used to estimate value, the methodology employed by this third party was based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not have been accurate or complete. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could have derived a different estimated per share net asset value, which could be significantly different from our Estimated Per Share NAV. The Estimated Per Share NAV will fluctuate over time and does not represent: (i) the price at which our shares would trade on a national securities exchange, (ii) the amount per share a stockholder would obtain if he, she or it tried to sell his, her or its shares, (iii) the amount per share stockholders would receive if we liquidated our assets and distributed the proceeds after paying all our expenses and liabilities or (iv) the price a third party would pay to acquire our Company. 
 There is also no assurance that the methodology used to estimate our value per share will be acceptable to broker dealers for customer account purposes or to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or that the estimated value per share will satisfy the applicable annual valuation requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to employee benefit plans subject to ERISA and other retirement plans or accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue additional shares of stock, which may reduce the percentage of our common stock owned by our other stockholders, subordinate stockholders rights or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 Existing stockholders do not have preemptive rights to purchase any shares issued by us in the future. Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 1,460,000,000 shares are classified as common stock and 40,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock. We may, in the sole discretion of our board and without approval of our common stockholders: 
 sell additional shares in any future offerings, including as awards under our Employee and Director Restricted Share Plan and pursuant to the DRP; 

issue equity interests in a private offering of securities; 

classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the stock; 

amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue; or 

issue shares of our capital stock in exchange for properties. 

Future issuances of common stock will reduce the percentage of our outstanding shares owned by our other stockholders. Further, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock, adversely affect the Estimated Per Share NAV or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for our stockholders. 
 8 
 
 Market disruptions may adversely impact many aspects of our operating results and operating condition. 
 The availability of debt financing secured by commercial real estate is subject to underwriting standards that can be tightened in response to adverse changes in real estate or credit market conditions. Further, interest rates may increase in response to changing economic conditions, which may negatively affect U.S. economic conditions as a whole, or real estate industry conditions such as: 
 the number of bankruptcies or insolvency proceedings of our tenants and lease guarantors, which could increase and delay our efforts to collect rent and any past balances due under the relevant leases and ultimately could preclude collection of these sums; 

our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, which may be limited and could result in our investment operations (real estate assets) generating lower overall economic returns and a reduced level of cash flow from what was anticipated at the time we acquired the asset, and could potentially impact our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, or pursue acquisition opportunities, among other things, and increase our interest expense; 

the amount of capital that is available to finance real estate, which could be reduced, and, in turn, could lead to a decline in real estate values generally, slow real estate transaction activity, and reduce the loan-to-value ratio upon which lenders are willing to lend; 

the value of certain of our real estate assets, which may decrease below the amounts we pay for them and limit our ability to dispose them at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by these assets and could reduce the availability of unsecured loans; 

the value and liquidity of short-term investments, if any, could be reduced as a result of the dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments and increased volatility in market rates for these investments or other factors; and 

defaults or bankruptcies by counterparties to derivative financial instruments could occur, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these instruments that we have entered into or may enter into. 

Our board of directors may change our investment policies without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of our stockholders investment. 
 Our investment policies may change over time. The methods of implementing our investment policies may also vary, as new investment techniques are developed. Our investment policies, including the strategic plan, the methods for implementing them, and our other objectives, policies and procedures may be altered by a majority of the directors (which must include a majority of the independent directors), without the approval of our stockholders. As a result, the nature of our stockholders investment could change without their consent. A change in our investment strategy may, among other things, increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and commercial real property market fluctuations, all of which could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 We may not be able to successfully implement the strategic plan and it is not clear if or when we will complete a liquidity event. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to sell assets at acceptable prices and redeploy proceeds from properties sold to acquire suitable investments on financially attractive terms, if at all. As part of the strategic plan, we sold 12 properties during the year ended December 31, 2019 and three additional properties in January 2020 and used the proceeds to pay down the Company s revolving credit facility, as opposed to investing the proceeds in new properties. In addition to selling and buying properties, we also expect to evaluate the possibility of redevelopment of certain of our assets as part of the strategic plan. As described in a separate risk factor herein, redeveloping assets presents additional uncertainties including, among other things, the cost to redevelop and the amount and timing of returns generated by redevelopment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement the strategic plan or that the execution of the strategic plan will positively impact the value of our common stock. The adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, high inflation and high interest rates on the economy and the retail commercial real estate market could delay any additional material asset purchases or sales and the execution of a liquidity event. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to sell properties, issue new securities or further increase our borrowings to raise capital when we would like, for example, to increase the proportion of grocery-anchored or shadow-anchored properties or increase the size of our portfolio of properties, or under terms that would be acceptable to us considering factors such as the anticipated use of the proceeds. The strategic plan may evolve or change over time, for example in light of any unexpected developments with the COVID-19 pandemic or the high rate of inflation and measures taken to control it, and there is no assurance we will be able to successfully achieve our board s objectives under the strategic plan, including increasing the size of our portfolio, making strategic sales or purchases of properties or completing a liquidity event, within any timeframe we might expect or would prefer or at all. The timing of the execution of the strategic plan has already extended beyond our original expectations and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 9 
 
 Development or redevelopments may expose us to additional risks. 
 As part of our strategic plan, we are analyzing and plan to further analyze and potentially pursue redevelopment of certain assets. Development and redevelopment activities are subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
 ceasing development or redevelopment activities after expending resources to determine the feasibility of the project or projects; 

construction delays or cost overruns that increase project costs; 

the failure to meet anticipated occupancy or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; 

exposure to fluctuations in the general economy due to the significant time lag between commencing and completing the project; 

inability to achieve necessary zoning or other governmental permits; and 

difficulty or inability to obtain any required consents of third parties, such as tenants and, mortgage lenders. 

Further, during the period of time we are developing or redeveloping an asset or assets, our rental income from such properties may be reduced. Delays in completing development may also impact leases with existing tenants or our ability to secure new tenants. Occurrence of any of these events would likely have a material adverse effect on the estimated value of our common stock, our cash flow from operations, ability to pay distributions and ability to pursue a liquidity event for our stockholders. In addition, development costs for a project may increase, which may result in reduced returns, or even losses. In deciding whether to develop or redevelop a particular property, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. If the property does not perform as expected, our financial performance may be materially and adversely affected, or an impairment charge could occur. 
 Competition with other non-traditional grocery retailers may reduce our profitability. 
 Tenants in the grocery industry face potentially changing consumer preferences and increasing competition from other forms of retailing, such as online grocery retailers and non-traditional grocery retailers such as prepared meal and fresh food delivery services, mass merchandisers, super-centers, warehouse club stores and drug stores. Other retail centers within the market area of our properties and meal and food delivery services both inside and outside these market areas compete with our properties for customers, affecting our tenants cash flows and thus affecting their ability to pay rent. 
 
 Actions of our joint venture partners could negatively impact our performance. 
 We have entered into in the past, may again in the future enter into, joint ventures with third parties. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of funds that we may invest in these joint ventures. We may develop and acquire properties through joint ventures with other persons or entities when warranted by the circumstances. The venture partners may share certain approval rights over major decisions and these investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investment in real estate, including, but not limited to: 
 economic conditions make it more likely that our partner in an investment may become bankrupt, which would mean that we and any other remaining partner would generally remain liable for the entity s liabilities; 

that our partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and we may not agree on all proposed actions to certain aspects of the venture; 

that our partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives, including our objective to qualify as a REIT; 

that, if our partners fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, we may be required to contribute that capital; 

that venture agreements often restrict the transfer of a partner s interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire or on advantageous terms; 

that our relationships with our partners are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements and, in each event, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or assets underlying the relationship or may need to purchase these interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership; 

that disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business; and 

that we may in certain circumstances be liable for our partner s actions. 

10 
 
 We rely on IREIC and its affiliates and subsidiaries to manage and conduct our operations. Any material adverse change in IREIC s financial condition or our relationship with IREIC could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to achieve our investment objectives, and we may incur substantial costs if we decide to terminate this relationship. 
 We depend on IREIC and its affiliates and subsidiaries to manage and conduct our operations. IREIC, through one or more of its subsidiaries, owns and controls our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager, and we would incur substantial costs to terminate our business management agreement with our Business Manager, which would include our Business Manager s right to be paid the amount of its business management fee in one lump sum for the remainder of the term ending on March, 31, 2027, in addition to any incentive fee to which the Business Manager might be entitled in the event of Qualifying Internalization as defined in the business management agreement. IREIC has sponsored numerous public and private programs and through its affiliates or subsidiaries has provided offering, asset, property and other management and ancillary services to these entities. From time to time, IREIC or the applicable affiliate or subsidiary has waived or deferred fees or made capital contributions to support these public or private programs and may again waive or defer fees or make capital contributions in the future. Further, IREIC and its affiliates or subsidiaries may from time to time be parties to litigation or other claims arising from sponsoring these entities or providing these services. As such, IREIC and these other entities may incur costs, liabilities or other expenses arising from litigation or claims that are either not reimbursable or not covered by insurance. Future waivers or deferrals of fees, additional capital contributions or costs, liabilities or other expenses arising from litigation or claims could have a material adverse effect on IREIC s financial condition and ability to fund our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager to the extent necessary. 
 In addition, increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on ESG topics such as climate change, carbon emissions, water usage, waste management, human capital and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we or IREIC is required to control, assess and report. We may face reputational damage in the event that our or IREIC s corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies, which may negatively impact our tenants and our ability to lease our properties to tenants. If we or IREIC elects not to or are unable to satisfy new ESG criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific third-party provider, some investors or tenants may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility are inadequate. If we or IREIC fails to satisfy the expectations of investors, tenants and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 If we become self-managed by internalizing our management functions, we may be unable to retain key personnel, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be delayed or hindered, which could adversely affect our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and the value of their investments. 
 At some point in the future, we may consider becoming self-managed by internalizing the functions performed for us by our Business Manager. Even if we become self-managed, we may not be able to hire certain key employees of the Business Manager and its affiliates, even if we are allowed to offer them positions with our Company. Although we are generally restricted from soliciting these persons pursuant to certain provisions set forth in the business management agreement, during the one-year period after the Business Manager s receipt of an internalization notice the Business Manager will permit us to solicit for hire the key employees of the Business Manager and its affiliates, including all of the persons serving as the executive officers of our Company or the Business Manager who do not also serve as directors or officers of any other IREIC-sponsored REITs. However, at any given moment, many or all of the executive officers of the Company and the Business Manager may also be serving as a director or officer of one or more other IREIC-sponsored REITs. Failure to hire or retain key personnel could result in increased costs and deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting. These deficiencies could cause us to incur additional costs and divert management s attention from most effectively managing our investments, which could result in us being sued and incurring litigation-associated costs in connection with the internalization transaction. 
 If we seek to internalize our management functions other than as provided for under our business management agreement, we could incur greater costs and lose key personnel. 
 Our board may decide that we should pursue an internalization by hiring our own group of executives and other employees or entering into an agreement with a third party, such as a merger, instead of by transitioning the services performed by, and hiring the persons providing services for, our Business Manager. The costs that we would incur in this case are uncertain and may be substantial and will include our Business Manager s right to be paid the amount of its business management fee in one lump sum for the remainder of the term ending on March, 31, 2027, in addition to any incentive fee to which the Business Manager might be entitled in the event of Qualifying Internalization as defined in the business management agreement, and we would lose the benefit of the experience of our Business Manager. 
 Further, if we seek to internalize the functions performed for us by our Real Estate Manager, the purchase price will be separately negotiated by our independent directors, or a committee thereof, and will not be subject to the transition procedures described in our business management agreement. 
 11 
 
 Our stockholders return on investment in our common stock may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 The Company is not registered, and does not intend to register itself or any of its subsidiaries, as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). If we become obligated to register the Company or any of its subsidiaries as an investment company, the registered entity would have to comply with regulation under the Investment Company Act with respect to capital structure (including the registered entity s ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters. Compliance with the Investment Company Act would limit our ability to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our operations and business plan. The costs we would incur and the limitations that would be imposed on us as a result of such compliance and restructuring would negatively affect the value of our common stock, our ability to make distributions and the sustainability of our business and investment strategies. 
 We intend to conduct our operations, directly and through wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries, so that neither we nor our subsidiaries are registered or will be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act, in relevant part, defines an investment company as (i) any issuer that is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (ii) any issuer that is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns, or proposes to acquire, investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. The term investment securities generally includes all securities except government securities and securities of majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exemption from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. We believe we are not considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because we do not engage primarily or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we and our subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the business of investing in real property. We also conduct our operations and the operations of our subsidiaries in a manner designed so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) because less than 40 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis consist of investment securities. This requirement limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries. Furthermore, the assets we and our subsidiaries may originate or acquire are limited by the provisions of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which may adversely affect our business. 
 12 
 
 If we or any of our wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries would ever inadvertently fall within one of the definitions of investment company, we intend to rely on the exemption from registration as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, which is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. As reflected in no-action letters, the SEC staff's position on Section 3(c)(5)(C) generally requires that at least 55 of an entity s assets comprise qualifying real estate assets and that at least 80 of its assets must comprise qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets under the Investment Company Act. Specifically, we expect any of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to invest at least 55 of its assets in mortgage loans, certain mezzanine loans and other interests in real estate that constitute qualifying real estate assets in accordance with SEC staff guidance, and an additional 25 of its assets in other types of mortgages, securities of REITs and other real estate-related assets such as debt and equity securities of companies primarily engaged in real estate businesses and securities issued by pass-through entities of which substantially all of the assets consist of qualifying real estate assets and/or real estate-related assets. The remaining 20 of the entity s assets can consist of miscellaneous assets. These criteria may limit what we buy, sell and hold. 
 We will classify our assets for purposes of Section 3(c)(5)(C) based in large measure upon no-action letters issued by the SEC staff and other interpretive guidance provided by the SEC and its staff or on our analysis of such guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. However, the SEC s guidance was issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may encounter. No assurance can be given that the SEC will concur with how we classify our assets or the assets of our subsidiaries. The SEC may in the future take a view different than or contrary to our analysis with respect to the types of assets we have determined to be qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets. For example, on August 31, 2011 the SEC issued a concept release and request for comments regarding the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exemption (Release No. IC-29778) in which it contemplated the possibility of issuing new rules or providing new interpretations of the exemption that might, among other things, define the phrase liens on and other interests in real estate or consider sources of income in determining a company s primary business. To the extent that the SEC or its staff provides more specific or different guidance, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. Any additional guidance from the SEC or its staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. If we are required to re-classify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an investment company provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the Investment Company Act status of REITs, including the SEC or its staff providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries may rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(6) to the extent that they hold mortgage assets through majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C). The SEC staff has issued little interpretive guidance with respect to Section 3(c)(6) and any guidance published by the staff could require us to adjust our strategy accordingly. 
 A change in the value of any of our assets could cause us to fall within the definition of investment company and negatively affect our ability to be free from registration and regulation under the Investment Company Act. To avoid being required to register the Company or any of its subsidiaries as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. Sales may be required during adverse market conditions, and we could be forced to accept a price below that which we would otherwise consider appropriate. In addition, we may have to acquire additional income- or loss-generating assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. Furthermore, if the value of securities issued by our subsidiaries that are exempted from the definition of investment company by Sections 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, together with any other investment securities we own, exceeds 40 of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis, or if one or more of such subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act, we could, among other things, be required to substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so or register as an investment company. Any of these activities could negatively affect the value of our common stock, our ability to make distributions and the sustainability of our business and investment strategies, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we were required to register the Company or any of its subsidiaries as an investment company but failed to do so, we or the applicable subsidiary would be prohibited from engaging in our or its business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us or the applicable subsidiary. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 The spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) at various times and in various locations throughout the U.S., and its future impacts are uncertain and hard to measure, but it has already had material adverse effects on our business, and these effects may recur and could be more severe, depending in part on the effectiveness of vaccinations and treatments and the willingness and ability of people to be vaccinated, the severity and duration of the pandemic in the U.S. and its immediate and lingering economic effects. 
 13 
 
 The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic globally has impacted, and could have a further, material adverse effect on, the global and U.S. economies as a whole, as well as the states and cities where we own properties in particular, leading to significant adverse impacts on economic activity as well as significant volatility and lack of liquidity in financial markets, including commercial lending markets. 
 A sustained disruption in the U.S. economy and reduced consumer spending, including reduced consumer activity at brick-and-mortar commercial establishments, due to the prolonged existence and threat of the COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic recession in the U.S. and has negatively impacted, and could further impact, the ability and willingness of many of our tenants to pay their rent when due. Our ability to lease space and negotiate and maintain favorable rents is also likely to be negatively impacted by further recessions in the U.S. economy, which would result in a decline in our occupancy percentage and reduction in rental revenues as tenants default and leases expire over time. Supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures, a global labor shortage, and the ebb and flow of COVID-19, including in specific geographies, impacted the pace of recovery and outlook for the future. Several properties have had dark or vacant anchor spaces since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. If a new variant or subvariant of the COVID-19 virus has a similar or greater impact than prior variants/subvariants, an increase in the number of co-tenancy claims could result if the occupancy at those or additional properties falls below required thresholds or large spaces otherwise go dark, which may provide remaining tenants at such a property with certain rights that may include the right to cease operations or stop paying or abate (reduce) rent owed. 
 Because substantially all of our income is derived from rentals of commercial real property, our business, income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to comply with the terms of, draw upon or increase the size of our Credit Facility, prospects and ability to service our debt obligations, our ability to consummate future property acquisitions and our ability to pay future distributions to our stockholders would be materially adversely affected if a significant number of tenants become unable to meet their obligations to us. Also, there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance maturing debt on terms and conditions acceptable to us or at all. Debt levels may exceed the value of assets, making it more difficult for us to rent, refinance or sell the assets, which may lead to an asset being subject to foreclosure, a deed in lieu of foreclosure or another transaction with a lender on terms and conditions that may be unfavorable to us, particularly if we do not have enough cash or available credit to repay mortgages or other debts when they mature. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the threats posed by new variants can rapidly evolve. The coronavirus outbreak has negatively impacted almost every industry directly or indirectly at various times since its onset, particularly the travel, hotel and retail industries, and businesses that rely on or require close personal contact, such as theaters, live entertainment venues, gyms and exercise facilities, health and wellness service providers and beauty salons, restaurants and bars. Many of our tenants have been required for certain periods by the local, state or federal authorities to cease or limit operations thereby preventing them from generating revenue. Our tenants rely on retail customers and many of their businesses require close personal contact. Even if not prevented by the local, state or federal authorities, concern regarding the transmission of COVID-19 has impacted, and may continue to impact, the willingness of persons to engage in in-person commerce which in the face of a new variant or subvariant could result in reductions in customer foot traffic and reduced demand for our tenants products and services and may diminish the demand for space and the corresponding amounts of rent we can obtain for our properties and harm our tenants ability or willingness to pay us rent. 
 As disclosed in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC since the onset of the pandemic, there were periods during which we collected less than all rent billed, and rent billed did not include amounts that we agreed to defer. In addition, in 2020 following the onset of the pandemic we finalized payment plans with tenants totaling 8.1 million in total rent, and future deferrals or abatements may be needed if, for example, a new variant or subvariant of the coronavirus and measures taken to combat it again adversely affect our tenants. Rent deferrals reduce our cash available to pay operating expenses and service our debt obligations, even if we are able to reflect the deferred amounts as income in our financial statements. When the deferred rent becomes due, our tenants will be required to pay these deferred rent amounts in addition to the regular rent due, which may be difficult or impossible for tenants whose businesses have not recovered to pre-pandemic levels or are otherwise not performing well. Any additional rent forgiveness or deferrals would further reduce our available cash. 
 Enforcing our rights as landlord against tenants who fail to pay rent or otherwise do not comply with the terms of their leases may be costly and may consume valuable time and resources, and even if we obtain a judgment, tenants that have been severely impacted may not be able to pay us what we are owed. Our ability to recover amounts under the terms of our leases may further be restricted or delayed if moratoriums are imposed by governments in light of the COVID-19 pandemic on landlord-initiated commercial eviction and collection actions. When any of our tenants, or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations, files for bankruptcy, we could be further adversely affected due not only to loss of revenue but also because the bankruptcy may make it more difficult for us to lease the remainder of the property or properties in which the bankrupt tenant operates. Even if co-tenancy rights do not exist at centers affected by anchor store closings, we may nevertheless be negatively affected because other tenants may experience downturns in their businesses that could further threaten their ongoing ability to continue paying rent and remain solvent. Further stimulus funds or economic assistance under government aid programs may be unavailable and, to the extent available, certain of our tenants may not be eligible for or may not be successful in securing these funds, if any, and there is no assurance they will pay rent even if they qualify. 
 As referenced above, a decrease in demand for in-person retail businesses has made and could in the future make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties at lease rates equal to or above historical rates, and we could incur significant re-leasing costs and the 
 14 
 
 re-leasing process with respect to both anticipated and unanticipated vacancies could take longer. Some tenants that have been or are forced to close or have had their operations severely limited by government order or some other government action or whose customers and potential customers change their habits in light of the coronavirus, e.g., by shopping more online, may go out of business, which could have a material impact on occupancy at our properties and may continue to materially impact our results. Unemployment assistance provided by the U.S. government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been discontinued, and to the extent a new variant or subvariant of the COVID-19 virus causes unemployment to rise again and government assistance is less than it was at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, retail consumer spending may correspondingly decrease, and our tenants may be materially adversely affected and forced to close. Additionally, many manufacturers of goods and suppliers and processors of food in many countries experienced complete or partial shutdowns and may not be able to function at full capacity in an attempt to curb the spread of the illness. If the spread of new variants of the coronavirus were to continue despite the effects of vaccines and other measures taken to contain it, this could lead to new disruptions in supply chains, and these disruptions may also impact the operations of our tenants, further impacting their revenues and ability to pay rent when due. 
 The business and operating results of our tenants may also be negatively impacted if an outbreak of the coronavirus occurs within their respective workforces or otherwise disrupts their management and other personnel, their supply chains or their ability to operate their businesses, including as a result of an overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor cost inflation caused by COVID-19 and vaccine requirements implemented by certain employers in response to COVID-19 mandating that some or all employees get vaccinated or provide proof of vaccination, or as a result of general macroeconomic factors. Many companies have implemented policies and procedures designed to protect against the introduction of the coronavirus to the workforce, including permitting or requiring personnel to work offsite, among others. Recent changes or new changes in the work processes of our tenants could lead to disruptions, such as a reduced ability to effectively transact with customers and colleagues and a loss of IT system functionality due to unusual or excess burdens on IT infrastructures. 
 We rely on the Business Manager to manage our day-to-day operations. Non-essential businesses were previously closed and then subject to limited operations in Illinois per the order of the Governor of Illinois, including our corporate headquarters in Oak Brook, which could happen again if the spread of COVID-19 increases. Though many people are able to work remotely, the business and operations of our Business Manager and its affiliates may also be adversely impacted by the coronavirus outbreak, including illness or quarantine of members of its workforce, which may negatively impact its ability to provide us services to the same degree as it had prior to the outbreak and may adversely affect our financial reporting systems and internal controls and procedures and increase vulnerability to security breaches, information technology disruptions and other similar events. 
 The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic, impacts our operations and those of our tenants will depend on future developments, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, the actions taken to contain the pandemic or mitigate its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures, among others, which remain uncertain and could be material. The situation could change, and additional impacts to the business may arise that we are not aware of currently. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any reliable prediction as to the full adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, but a prolonged outbreak (e.g., of new strains or variants of the virus), despite the discovery and availability of vaccines as well as continued efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus could again have a material impact on the cash rents that we are able to collect and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Many risk factors set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be interpreted as heightened risks as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including but not limited to risk factors related to the economy, competition (including e-commerce and online sales), leasing, debt financing, tenant bankruptcies, distributions, share repurchases, and anchor tenants. We suspended distributions, distribution reinvestments under our DRP, and share repurchases under our share repurchase program in response to the effects of and uncertainties surrounding the pandemic, and we may do so again in the future. 
 The strategic plan may evolve or change over time, for example, if there is an unexpected spread of new variants of the coronavirus, and there is no assurance we will be able to successfully achieve our board s objectives under the strategic plan, including making strategic sales or purchases of properties or completing a liquidity event, within the timeframe we expect or would prefer or at all. 
 Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 There are inherent risks with real estate investments. 
 Investments in real estate assets are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly sold, limiting our ability to promptly vary our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which, for example, reduce the demand for rental space. 
 15 
 
 Among the factors that could impact our real estate assets and the value of an investment in us are: 
 local conditions such as an oversupply of space or reduced demand for properties of the type that we acquire; 

inability to collect rent from tenants; 

vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms; 

inflation and other increases in operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes; 

adverse changes in the federal, state or local laws and regulations applicable to us, including those affecting rents, zoning, prices of goods, fuel and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions; 

the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 

changing market demographics; 

an inability to acquire and finance real estate assets on favorable terms, if at all; 

the impact of the coronavirus on the U.S. economy and, in particular, on business and consumer demand that may diminish the demand and rents for our properties and impact the ability of our tenants to pay rent; 

acts of God, such as earthquakes, floods or other uninsured losses; and 

changes or increases in interest rates and availability of financing. 

In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or increased defaults under existing leases. 
 Our real estate assets and other investments may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We assess in accordance with GAAP whether there are any indicators that the value of our real estate properties and other investments may be impaired and have in the past recognized impairment charges on several properties then held for sale. Under GAAP, a property s value is impaired only if the estimate of the aggregate future cash flows to be generated by the property is less than the carrying value of the property. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of real estate properties and other investments is a significant estimate that can change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about inherently uncertain factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. We are required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of our real estate properties and other investments. 
 Determining whether a property is impaired and, if impaired, the amount of write-down to fair value requires a significant amount of judgment by management and is based on the best information available to management at the time of evaluation. There can be no assurance that we will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets. Because the strategic plan contemplates asset sales, we have recognized, and may continue to recognize, greater impairment charges than if we were to continue to hold and operate these properties. Any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 
 E-commerce is likely to continue to have an adverse impact on our tenants and our business. 
 The use of the internet by consumers to shop, including online orders for immediate delivery or pickup in store, has grown during the COVID-19 pandemic and is expected to continue to expand relative to pre-pandemic levels. This increase in internet sales could result in a further downturn in the businesses of certain of our current tenants in their brick and mortar locations and could affect the way future tenants lease space. Certain of our grocery tenants are also incorporating e-commerce concepts through home delivery or curbside pickup, which could reduce foot traffic at our properties and reduce the demand for space at these properties. While we devote considerable effort and resources to analyze and respond to tenant trends, preferences and consumer spending patterns, we cannot predict with certainty what future tenants will want, what future retail spaces will look like and how much revenue will be generated at traditional brick and mortar locations. If we are unable to anticipate and respond promptly to trends in the market, our occupancy levels and rental amounts and the value of our properties may decline. 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 52 properties located in 24 states. We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of commercial properties, many of which own properties similar to, and in the same market areas as, our properties. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, for example, as a result of decreased demand for space 
 16 
 
 caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on certain types of retail tenants, high inflation or high interest rates, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants when their leases expire. To the extent we are unable to renew leases or re-let space as leases expire, it would result in decreased cash flow from tenants and reduce the income produced by our properties. Excessive vacancies (and related reduced shopper traffic) at one of our properties may hurt sales of other tenants at that property and may discourage them from renewing leases. Also, if our competitors develop additional properties in locations near our properties, there may be increased competition for creditworthy tenants, which may require us to make capital improvements to properties that we would not have otherwise made. 
 We depend on tenants for our revenue, and accordingly lease terminations, tenant default, and bankruptcies have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect the income produced by our properties. 
 The success of our investments depends on the financial stability of our tenants. Certain economic conditions, such as the decreased demand for certain products or services, high inflation and high interest rates or the inability to operate resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to combat it, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our tenants. Business failures and downsizings may contribute to reduced consumer demand for retail products and services which would impact tenants of our retail properties. In addition, our retail shopping center properties typically are anchored by large, nationally recognized tenants that may lease space at more than one of our properties, and any of these tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may weaken significantly their financial condition. For example, Bed Bath Beyond leases space at four of our properties and has been closing a large number of stores and was reported to have come very close to declaring bankruptcy in early 2023. We expect that Bed Bath Beyond is likely to close all four of its stores at our properties. Further, mergers or consolidations among large retail establishments could result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically overlapping store locations, which could include tenants at our retail properties. 
 As a result of these factors, our tenants may delay lease commencements, decline to extend or renew their leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments, or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the termination of the tenants' leases, the expiration of existing leases without renewal, or the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated or expired leases. In the event of a tenant default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing our property. 
 
 17 
 
 Our revenue is impacted by the success and economic viability of our anchor retail tenants, some of whom have been struggling to compete with internet retailers or have been significantly adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or both. Our reliance on single or significant tenants, such as big box or anchor tenants, at certain properties may decrease our ability to lease vacated space and adversely affect the returns on our stockholders investment. 
 In the retail sector, a tenant occupying all or a large portion of the gross leasable area of a retail center, commonly referred to as an anchor tenant, may become insolvent, may suffer a downturn in business, for example, because of increased competition from internet retailers, or may decide not to renew its lease. For example, Stein Mart declared bankruptcy in 2020 and closed its anchor location at our shopping center in Newport News, Virginia, REI vacated its space at Settlers Ridge in February 2021, and the spaces formerly used by Staples at Park Avenue and Austin Liquors at White City are dark spaces that the tenants vacated in February 2022 and December 2022, respectively. The aforementioned events at these properties and other properties have resulted and could result again in a reduction or cessation in rental payments to us and would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A lease termination by an anchor tenant could result in lease terminations or reductions in rent by other tenants whose leases may permit cancellation or rent reduction if another tenant s lease is terminated. For example, Bed Bath Beyond vacated its anchor space at Harris Plaza upon the expiration of its lease on January 31, 2021, and recently vacated another space, which is at Wilson Marketplace, and several spaces at MidTowne Shopping Center were vacated by other tenants in the first quarter of 2022. We have not re-leased the Bed Bath Beyond space, and co-tenancy provisions in the leases of two other large tenants at Harris Plaza have resulted in one of those tenants paying us rent as a percentage of their gross sales that is less rent than what they were paying and would otherwise be obligated to pay us. We also have not re-leased the spaces at MidTowne Shopping Center, and tenant rights under co-tenancy provisions in nine leases there have been triggered. These tenants will be entitled to pay reduced rental while such co-tenancy failure continues and some may be able to terminate their leases if the vacated spaces are not re-leased. Similarly, the leases of some tenants may permit the tenant to transfer its lease to another retailer. The transfer to a new tenant could cause customer traffic in the retail center to decrease and thereby reduce the income generated by that retail center. A lease transfer to a new tenant could also allow other tenants to make reduced rental payments or to terminate their leases in accordance with lease terms. In the event that we are unable to re-lease the vacated spaces to new qualified tenants, we may incur additional expenses in order to remodel the space to be able to re-lease the space to more than one tenant. 
 Tenant bankruptcies, particularly tenants that occupy multiple spaces at our properties, may have material adverse effects on us. 
 Bankruptcy filings by our tenants or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligation can occur in the course of operations, and in recent years, a number of companies in the retail industry, including certain of our tenants, have declared bankruptcy. For example, several of our retail tenants declared bankruptcy during the COVID-19 pandemic, which had adverse effects on our business. Party City, which leases four spaces from us representing a total of 63,966 square feet and 0.9 million of our ABR, and several smaller tenants are currently in bankruptcy, and we continue to monitor tenants for potential store closings or adverse financial issues. A bankruptcy filing of our tenants or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations would bar all efforts to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from these entities or their properties, unless we receive an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. Post-bankruptcy debts would be paid currently. If a lease is assumed, all pre-bankruptcy balances owing under it must be paid in full. Leases have been rejected by some tenants in the past, and if a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy in the future, we would only have a general unsecured claim for damages. If a lease is rejected, it is unlikely we would receive any payments from the tenant because our claim is capped at the rent reserved under the lease, without acceleration, for the greater of one year or 15 of the remaining term of the lease, but not greater than three years, plus rent already due but unpaid. This claim could be paid only if the funds were available, and then only in the same percentages as that realized on other unsecured claims. 
 A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy has delayed and could again delay efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy could cause a decrease or cessation of rental payments that would mean a reduction in our cash flow and the amount available for distributions to our stockholders. In the event of a bankruptcy there can be no assurance that the tenant or its trustee will assume our lease. If a given lease or guaranty of a lease is not assumed, our cash flow and the amounts available for distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 Inflation and continuing increases in the inflation rate may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in the rate of inflation, both real and anticipated, may adversely affect our net operating income from leases with stated fixed rent increases or limits on the tenant s obligation to pay its share of operating expenses, which could be lower than the increase in inflation at any given time. Increased inflation could also increase our general and administrative expenses and, as a result of an increase in market interest rate in response to higher than anticipated inflation rate, increase our mortgage and debt interest costs, and these costs could increase at a rate higher than our rents increase. Property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes as taxes are typically regularly reassessed in most states based on changes in the fair value of our properties. An increase in our expenses, or expenses paid or incurred by our Business Manager or its affiliates that are reimbursed by us pursuant to the Business Management Agreement, or a failure of revenues to increase at least with inflation could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 18 
 
 Only some of our leases contain annual rental rate escalations based on increases in the Consumer Price Index. Some others contain fixed annual rent escalations. If the fixed rent increases begin to lag behind inflation, and our expenses increase with or greater than the inflation rate, then our profitability would be negatively impacted. Future leases may not contain escalation provisions, and even those that do include rent escalation provisions may not be sufficient to protect our revenues from the adverse effects of inflation. Moreover, if we are not able to increase rents at a rate that keeps pace with inflation, the purchasing power of the dollars that we receive will be lower that it would have been in the absence of inflation. 
 Most leases require our tenant to reimburse us for the tenant s pro rata share of certain, but not all, operating expenses, but increases in operating expenses passed through to our tenants, without a corresponding increase in our tenants profitability, may place pressure on our ability to grow base rent as tenants look to manage their total occupancy costs. Renewals of leases or future leases for our properties may not be negotiated on a basis requiring the tenants to pay some of the operating expenses, in which event we may have to pay those costs. If we are unable to lease properties on a basis requiring the tenants to pay all or some of such expenses, or if tenants fail to pay required tax, utility and other impositions, we could be required to pay those costs. 
 Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which may impact our tenants sales and ability to pay rent and, with respect to those leases including percentage rent clauses, our average rents. Additionally, if inflation increases prices of properties at a rate that is greater than inflation increases rents that we can charge to tenants at those properties, this will have a negative effect on our opportunities to acquire real estate by making what would otherwise be lucrative investment opportunities less profitable to us and adversely impacting the yields on acquisitions. 
 We may be restricted from re-leasing space at our retail properties by provisions such as exclusivity provisions in other tenants leases. 
 Leases with retail tenants may contain provisions giving the particular tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types of services within the particular retail center. These provisions may limit the number and types of prospective tenants interested in leasing space in a particular retail property. 
 We have entered into long-term leases with some of our retail tenants, and those leases may not result in fair value over time, which could adversely affect our revenues and ability to make distributions. 
 We have entered into long-term leases with some of our retail tenants. Long-term leases do not allow for significant changes in rental payments and do not expire in the near term. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates when negotiating these long-term leases, significant increases in future property operating costs could result in receiving less than fair value from these leases. These circumstances would adversely affect our revenues and funds available for distribution. 
 Retail conditions may adversely affect our income. 
 A retail property s revenues and value may be adversely affected by a number of factors, many of which apply to real estate investment generally, but which also include trends in the retail industry and perceptions by retailers or shoppers of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the retail property. Our properties are located in public places, and any incidents of crime or violence, including acts of protest or terrorism, would result in a reduction of business traffic to tenant stores in our properties. Any such incidents may also expose us to civil liability. In addition, to the extent that the investing public has a negative perception of the retail sector, the value of our retail properties may be negatively impacted. 
 A number of our retail leases are based on tenant gross sales. Under those leases, our revenue from tenants increases as the sales of our tenants increase. Generally, retailers face declining revenues during downturns in the economy. As a result, the portion of our revenue which may derive from percentage rent leases could be adversely affected by a general economic downturn. 
 Acquiring or attempting to acquire multiple properties in a single transaction may adversely affect our operations. 
 From time to time, we have acquired multiple properties in a single transaction. Portfolio acquisitions typically are more complex and expensive than single property acquisitions, and the risk that a multiple-property acquisition does not close may be greater than in a single-property acquisition. Portfolio acquisitions may also result in us owning investments in geographically dispersed markets, placing additional demands on our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager in managing the properties in the portfolio. In addition, a seller may require that a group of properties be purchased as a package even though we may not want to purchase one or more properties in the portfolio. In these situations, if we are unable to identify another person or entity to acquire the unwanted properties, we may be required to operate or attempt to dispose of these properties. We also may be required to accumulate a large amount of cash to fund such acquisitions. We would expect the returns that we earn on such cash to be less than the returns on real property. Therefore, acquiring multiple properties in a single transaction may reduce the overall yield on our portfolio. 
 19 
 
 Short-term leases may expose us to the effects of declining market rent. 
 Some of our properties have short-term leases with tenants. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these leases as they expire or attract replacement tenants on comparable terms, if at all. Therefore, the returns we earn on this type of investment may be more volatile than the returns generated by properties with longer term leases. 
 We do not own the land when we are the lessee under a ground lease, so properties that we operate pursuant to a ground lease are subject to unique risks. 
 We have and may continue to acquire long-term leaseholds commonly known as ground leases to operate properties that are on land owned by third parties. Although we have a right to use the property on land leased to us pursuant to a ground lease, we do not own the underlying land. Accordingly, we will have no economic interest in the land at the expiration of the ground lease and will not share in any increase in value of the land or the improvements once our ground lease ends. If we are found to be in breach of a ground lease, and that breach cannot be cured, we could lose our interest in the improvements and the right to operate the property. Further, because we do not own the underlying land, the lessor could take certain actions to disrupt our use of the property or our tenant s operation of the property. 
 We may be unable to sell assets if or when we decide to do so. 
 Maintaining our REIT qualification and continuing to avoid registration under the Investment Company Act as well as many other factors, such as general economic conditions, the availability of financing, interest rates and the supply and demand for the particular asset type, may limit our ability to sell real estate assets. Many of these factors are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real estate asset on favorable terms and conditions, if at all, or the length of time needed to sell an asset. 
 Sale leaseback transactions may be re-characterized in a manner unfavorable to us. 
 We may from time to time enter into a sale leaseback transaction where we purchase a property and then lease the property to the seller. The transaction may, however, be characterized as a financing instead of a sale in the case of the seller s bankruptcy. In this case, we would not be treated as the owner of the property but rather as a creditor with no interest in the property itself. The seller may have the ability in a bankruptcy proceeding to restructure the financing by imposing new terms and conditions. The transaction also may be re-characterized as a joint venture. In this case, we would be treated as a joint venture with liability, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the seller relating to the property. 
 Operating expenses may increase in the future and to the extent these increases cannot be passed on to our tenants, our cash flow and our operating results would decrease. 
 Operating expenses, such as expenses for fuel, utilities, labor, building materials and insurance, are not fixed and may fluctuate from time to time. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in February 2023 that the consumer price index, a commonly referenced measure of inflation, rose by 6.4 over the 12 months ended January 2023. Unless specifically provided for in a lease, there is no guarantee that we will be able to pass increases on to our tenants. To the extent these increases cannot be passed on to our tenants, any increases would cause our cash flow and our operating results to decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pay or sustain distributions. 
 An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties. 
 Some local real property tax assessors may seek to reassess some of our properties as a result of our acquisition of the property. Generally, from time to time our property taxes will increase as property values or assessment rates change or for other reasons deemed relevant by the assessors. In fact, property taxes may increase even if the value of the underlying property declines. An increase in the assessed valuation of a property for real estate tax purposes will result in an increase in the related real estate taxes on that property. Although some tenant leases may permit us to pass through the tax increases to the tenants for payment, there is no assurance that renewal leases or future leases will be negotiated on the same basis. Increases not passed through to tenants will adversely affect our cash flow from operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 Potential development and construction delays and resulting increased costs and risks may reduce cash flow from operations. 
 We have acquired, and may again acquire, unimproved real property or properties that are under development or construction. Investments in these properties are subject to the uncertainties generally associated with real estate development and construction, including those related to re-zoning land for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities or community groups and the developers ability to complete the property in conformity with plans, specifications, budgeted costs and timetables. If a developer fails to perform, we may resort to legal action to rescind the purchase or the construction contract or to compel performance. A 
 20 
 
 developer s performance may also be affected or delayed by conditions beyond the developer s control. Delays in completing construction could also give tenants the right to terminate leases. We may incur additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or other advances to developers before they complete construction. Despite management s planning and cost-mitigation efforts, inflation could have an effect on our construction costs necessary to complete development and redevelopment projects. Additionally, labor shortages and supply chain issues could extend the time to completion. These and other factors can result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. In addition, we will be subject to lease-up risks associated with newly constructed projects. We also must rely on rental income and expense projections and estimates of the fair market value of property upon completion of construction when agreeing upon a purchase price at the time we acquire the property. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property, and the return on our investment could suffer. 
 If we contract with a development company for newly developed property, our earnest money deposit made to the development company may not be fully refunded. 
 We may enter into one or more contracts, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures with third parties, to acquire real property from a development company that is engaged in construction and development of commercial real estate. We may be required to pay a substantial earnest money deposit at the time of contracting with a development entity. At the time of contracting and the payment of the earnest money deposit by us, the development company typically will have only a contract to acquire land, a development agreement to develop a building on the land and an agreement with one or more tenants to lease all or part of the property upon its completion. If the development company fails to develop the property or all or a specified portion of the pre-leased tenants fail to take possession under their leases for any reason, we may not be able to obtain a refund of our earnest money deposit. 
 We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and therefore have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our property. 
 We have acquired, and may again acquire, properties in as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property, as well as the loss of rental income from that property. 
 Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect our returns. 
 The nature of the activities at certain properties may expose us and our tenants or operators to potential liability for personal injuries and, in certain instances, property damage claims. In addition, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts or increasingly severe weather could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. These policies may or may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We cannot provide any assurance that we will have adequate coverage for these losses. In the event that any of our properties incurs a casualty loss that is not fully covered by insurance, the value of the particular asset will likely be reduced by the uninsured loss. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to fund any uninsured losses. 
 The costs of complying with environmental laws and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern water usage, wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. We also are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or operators for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties. These laws and regulations often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of removing or remediating could be substantial. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent a property or to use the property as collateral for borrowing. 
 Environmental laws and regulations also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures by us. Environmental laws and regulations provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to 
 21 
 
 released hazardous substances. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. For example, various federal, regional and state laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. These requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing properties or developing new properties and could also result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions that could adversely impact the businesses of our tenants and their ability to pay rent. 
 We may acquire properties in regions that are particularly susceptible to natural disasters, which may make us susceptible to the effects of these natural disasters in those areas from adverse climate developments or other causes. 
 Our properties are located in certain geographical areas that may be impacted by adverse events such as hurricanes, floods, wildfires, earthquakes, blizzards or other natural disasters, which could cause a loss of revenues at our real estate properties. In addition, according to some experts, global climate change could result in heightened severe weather, thus further impacting these geographical areas. Natural disasters in these areas may cause damage to our properties beyond the scope of our insurance coverage, thus requiring us to make substantial expenditures to repair these properties and resulting in a loss of revenues from these properties. Any properties located near either coast will be exposed to more severe weather than properties located inland. These losses may not be insured or insurable at an acceptable cost. Elements such as water, wind, hail, fire damage and humidity in these areas can increase or accelerate wear on the properties weatherproofing and mechanical, electrical and other systems, and cause mold issues over time. As a result, we may incur additional operating costs and expenditures for capital improvements at properties in these areas. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 
 The presence of mold at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly program to remediate, contain or remove the mold. Mold growth may occur when moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. The presence of mold could expose us to liability from our tenants, their employees and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act or similar laws. 
 Our properties generally are subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, which we refer to as the Disabilities Act. Under the Disabilities Act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Disabilities Act has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. 
 The requirements of the Disabilities Act could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. We attempt to acquire properties that comply with the Disabilities Act or place the burden on the seller or other third party, such as a tenant, to ensure compliance with these laws. However, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. We may incur significant costs to comply with these laws. 
 22 
 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 The financial covenants under our credit agreement may restrict our ability to make distributions and our operating and acquisition activities. If we breach the financial covenants we could be held in default under the credit agreement, which could accelerate our repayment date and materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 We entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement in February 2022 for a 475.0 million credit facility (the Credit Facility consisting of a revolving credit facility providing initial revolving credit commitments in an aggregate amount of 200.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility and a term loan facility providing initial term loan commitments in an aggregate amount of 275.0 million (the Term Loan ). On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement Regarding Incremental Term Loans (the First Amendment ), amending the terms of the Credit Agreement primarily to draw an additional 300.0 million to fund the acquisition of investment properties during May 2022 discussed in Note 4 Acquisitions. The credit agreement provides us with the ability from time to time to increase the size of the Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed 1.2 billion, subject to certain conditions. Our performance of the obligations under the credit agreement, including the payment of any outstanding indebtedness, is secured by a minimum pool of 15 unencumbered properties with an unencumbered pool value of 300.0 million or above and by a guaranty by certain of our subsidiaries. At March 22, 2023, we had 102 million outstanding of the 200 million available under the Credit Facility. Our maximum availability under the Credit Facility was 98 million as of March 22, 2023, subject to the terms and conditions, including compliance with the covenants, of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that governs the Credit Facility. Although 98 million is the maximum available, covenant limitations, particularly the leverage ratio, affect what we can actually draw or otherwise undertake as additional debt. Our leverage ratio generally cannot exceed 65 . As of December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio as defined in the credit agreement was 58.8 . There has been substantially less available to actually draw or undertake as additional debt than the maximum amount available, and there may be additional periods during which the amount we can actually draw or otherwise undertake as additional debt is considerably less than the maximum amount available, for example, if new variants of the coronavirus, high inflation or high interest rates were to negatively affect our tenants. 
 The credit agreement requires compliance with certain financial covenants, including, among other conditions, a Consolidated Tangible Net Worth requirement, restrictions on indebtedness, a distribution limitation and other material covenants. Compliance with these covenants could inhibit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and to pursue certain business initiatives or effect certain transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us. For example, without lender consent, we may not declare and pay distributions or honor any redemption requests if any default under the agreement then exists or if distributions, excluding any distributions reinvested through our DRP, for the then-current quarter and the three immediately preceding quarters would exceed 95 of our Funds from Operations, or FFO, excluding acquisition expenses, or adjusted FFO, for that period. 
 The credit agreement provides for several customary events of default, including, among other things, the failure to comply with our covenants under the credit agreement, such as the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth covenant, and the failure to pay when amounts outstanding under the credit agreement become due or defaulting by us or our subsidiaries in the payment of an amount due under, or in the performance of any term, provision or condition contained in, any agreement providing for another debt arrangement, such as a mortgage, beyond certain dollar thresholds specified in our Credit Facility. Due to the reduced level of operations of our tenants and the negative effect on their ability to pay rent during the COVID-19 pandemic, we negotiated a waiver of compliance with the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth covenant for three quarters that ended on March 31, 2021, that imposed certain costs and temporary restrictions on us. Tenant bankruptcies negatively impact our compliance with the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth covenant even if the tenant continues to pay rent. There is no guarantee that our lenders under the credit agreement will grant another waiver of this covenant or any other covenant that we might be in danger of violating or required representation that we cannot make. Defaults under the credit agreement could restrict our ability to borrow additional monies and could cause all amounts to become immediately due and payable, which would materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to secure debt financing on attractive terms and our ability to service any future indebtedness that we may incur. 
 We have funded our capital needs almost exclusively through cash flow from operations (to the extent positive) and through the commercial debt markets. The domestic and international commercial real estate debt markets have been volatile resulting in, from time to time, the tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies, which limits the availability of credit and increase costs for what is available. We may also face a heightened level of interest rate risk, for example, if as the U.S. Federal Reserve Board increases interest rates further to combat high inflation. All of these actions will likely lead to increases in our borrowing costs and may impact our ability to access capital on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain funding for our capital needs, such as future acquisitions. For example, the weighted average interest rate on our indebtedness increased 1.07 from 3.33 per annum as of December 31, 2021, to 4.40 per annum at December 31, 2022, including the positive effects of our interest rate swaps. If the overall cost of borrowing increases, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, the increased costs may result in existing or future acquisitions generating lower overall economic returns and potentially reducing future cash flow available to us. Volatility in the debt markets may negatively impact our ability to borrow monies to finance the purchase of, or other activities related to, real estate assets. In addition, we may find it difficult, costly or impossible to refinance indebtedness 
 23 
 
 which is maturing. If we are unable to borrow monies on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, the return on our properties may be lower. 
 Further, economic conditions could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio and in the collateral securing any loan investments we may make. 
 Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans and may result in defaults under other agreements, including our Credit Facility. 
 We have acquired properties by either borrowing monies or, in some instances, by assuming existing financing. We typically borrow money to finance a portion of the purchase price of assets we acquire. In some instances, we have acquired properties by borrowing monies in an amount equal to the purchase price of the acquired properties. We may also borrow money for other purposes to, among other things, satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT annual taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure that we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Over the long term, however, payments required on any amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, acquisitions, capital expenditures for existing properties or distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for these purposes is used to pay principal and interest on this debt. 
 If there is a shortfall between the cash flow from a property and the cash flow needed to service mortgage debt secured by a property, then the amount of cash flow from operations available for distributions to stockholders will be reduced. Many of the mortgages on our properties contain provisions which under certain circumstances require that cash received from tenants be paid into a cash maintenance escrow account or a lockbox or other account controlled by the lender, for example, when the borrower is not in compliance with certain covenants in the mortgage. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In such a case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of our stockholders investment. For federal income tax purposes, a foreclosure is treated as a sale of the property or properties for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the property or properties. If the outstanding balance of the debt exceeds our tax basis in the property or properties, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure action and we would not receive any cash proceeds. In this event, we may be unable to pay the amount of distributions required in order to maintain our REIT status. We also may fully or partially guarantee any monies that subsidiaries borrow to purchase or operate properties. In these cases, we will likely be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. Our Credit Facility contains a cross-default provision that could be triggered if certain defaults by our subsidiary borrowers were to occur under their mortgages, and mortgages themselves could contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, so the Company or more than one property may be materially adversely affected by a mortgage default. 
 Increases in interest rates may make it difficult for us to acquire new properties. 
 If we are unable to borrow money at favorable rates, we may be unable to acquire additional real estate assets or refinance existing loans at maturity. Further, we have obtained and may continue to enter into loan agreements or other credit arrangements that require us to pay interest on amounts we borrow at variable or adjustable rates. Increases in interest rates will increase our interest costs. If interest rates are higher when we refinance our loans, our expenses will increase and we may not be able to pass on this added cost in the form of increased rents, thereby reducing our cash flow and the amount available for distribution to our stockholders. Further, during periods of rising interest rates, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties in order to repay existing loans, which may not permit us to maximize the return on the particular properties being sold. At December 31, 2022, we had 152.0 million or 17.7 of our total debt that bore interest at variable rates and not fixed by swap agreements with a weighted average interest rate equal to 5.52 . We had variable rate debt subject to swap agreements fixing the rate of 592.3 million or 69.1 of our total debt at December 31, 2022. 
 Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default and ultimately may reduce our funds available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We have obtained, and may continue to enter into, mortgage indebtedness that does not require us to pay principal for all or a portion of the life of the debt instrument. During the period when no principal payments are required, the amount of each scheduled payment is less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan is not reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled monthly payments of principal required during this period. After the interest-only period, we may be required either to make scheduled payments of principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at or prior to maturity. These required principal or balloon payments will increase the amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan if we do not have funds available or are unable to refinance the obligation. 
 24 
 
 Investing in subordinated debt involves greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by the same properties. 
 
 We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, mezzanine debt and other subordinated debt. These types of investments carry a higher degree of risk of loss than senior secured debt investments because in the event of default and foreclosure, holders of senior liens will be paid in full before subordinated investors and, depending on the value of the underlying collateral, there may not be sufficient assets to pay all or any part of amounts owed to subordinated investors. Moreover, mezzanine debt and other subordinated debt investments may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional senior lien financing, resulting in less equity in the collateral and increasing the risk of loss of principal. If a borrower defaults or declares bankruptcy, we may be subject to agreements restricting or eliminating our rights as a creditor, including rights to call a default, foreclose on collateral, accelerate maturity or control decisions made in bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, senior lenders may limit the amount or timing of interest and principal payments while the senior secured debt is outstanding. 
 We may acquire or finance properties with lock-out provisions, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. 
 The terms and conditions contained in certain of our loan documents preclude us from pre-paying the principal amount of the loan or could restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. For example, lock-out provisions prohibit us from reducing the outstanding indebtedness secured by certain of our properties, refinancing this indebtedness on a non-recourse basis at maturity, or increasing the amount of indebtedness secured by our properties. Lock-out provisions could impair our ability to take other actions during the lock-out period. In particular, lock-out provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Increasing interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to pay distributions. We may also be adversely affected by uncertainty surrounding LIBOR. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 152.0 million of debt or 17.7 of our total debt bearing interest at variable rates indexed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and not fixed by a swap with a weighted average interest rate equal to 6.09 per annum. We had variable rate debt indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or SOFR and subject to swap agreements fixing the rate of 592.3 million or 69.1 of our total debt at December 31, 2022. If interest rates on all debt which bears interest at variable rates as of December 31, 2022 increased by 1 (100 basis points), the increase in interest expense on all debt would decrease earnings and cash flows by 1.5 million annually. If interest rates on all debt which bears interest at variable rates as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 1 (100 basis points), interest expense would increase earnings and cash flows by the same amount. 
 While we expect LIBOR to be available for existing loans in certain tenors until the end of June 2023, it is possible that LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that time. This could occur, for example, if a sufficient number of banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate would be accelerated or magnified. Any of these events, as well as the other uncertainty surrounding the changes in LIBOR, could adversely affect us. As of December 31, 2022, we had one remaining mortgage that was still indexed to LIBOR that matures on July 1, 2023. 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may be costly and turn out to be ineffective. 
 From time to time, we have used, and may continue to use, derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our current hedging strategy. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives. We may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. 
 25 
 
 We use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations and are exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these instruments. There is a risk that counterparties could fail, shut down, file for bankruptcy or be unable to pay out contracts. The failure of a counterparty that holds collateral that we post in connection with an interest rate swap agreement could result in the loss of that collateral. 
 We may be contractually obligated to purchase property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. 
 We expect to finance a portion of the purchase price for each property that we acquire. However, to ensure that our offers are as competitive as possible, we do not expect to enter into contracts to purchase property that include financing contingencies. Thus, we may be contractually obligated to purchase a property even if we are unable to secure financing for the acquisition. In this event, we may choose to close on the property by using cash on hand, which would result in less cash available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. Alternatively, we may choose not to close on the acquisition of the property and default on the purchase contract. If we default on any purchase contract, we could lose our earnest money and become subject to liquidated or other contractual damages and remedies. 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 IREIC may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our Business Manager and our Real Estate Manager. 
 We do not have any employees. We rely on persons performing services for our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager and their affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations. Some of these persons also provide services to one or more investment programs currently or previously sponsored by IREIC. These individuals face competing demands for their time and service, and are required to allocate their time between our business and assets and the business and assets of IREIC, its affiliates and the other programs formed and organized by IREIC. Certain of these individuals have fiduciary duties to both us and our stockholders. If these persons are unable to devote sufficient time or resources to our business due to the competing demands of the other programs, they may violate their fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders, which could harm our business and cause us to be unable to maintain or increase the value of our assets, and our operating cash flows and ability to pay distributions could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, if another investment program sponsored by IREIC decides to internalize its management functions in the future, it may do so by hiring and retaining certain of the persons currently performing services for our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager, and if it did so, it would not allow these persons to perform services for us. 
 We do not have arm s-length agreements with our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager or any other affiliates of IREIC. 
 The agreements and arrangements with our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager and any other affiliates of IREIC were not negotiated at arm s-length. These agreements may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest or would not be present if we entered into arm s-length agreements with third parties. 
 26 
 
 Our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager and other affiliates of IREIC face conflicts of interest caused by their compensation arrangements with us, which could result in actions that are not in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. 
 We pay fees, which may be significant, to our Business Manager, Real Estate Manager and other affiliates of IREIC for services provided to us. Our Business Manager receives fees based on the aggregate book value, including acquired intangibles, of our invested assets and is entitled to receive its business management fee for the remainder of the term ending March 31, 2027 in one lump sum upon termination of the business management agreement by the Company except for cause. Further, our Real Estate Manager receives fees based on the gross income from properties under management and may also receive leasing and construction management fees. Other parties related to, or affiliated with, our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager may also receive fees or cost reimbursements from us. These compensation arrangements may cause these entities to take or not take certain actions. For example, these arrangements may provide an incentive for our Business Manager to: (1) borrow more money than prudent to increase the amount we can invest; or (2) retain instead of sell assets, even if our stockholders may be better served by a sale or other disposition of the assets. The interests of these parties in receiving fees may conflict with the interest of our stockholders in earning income on their investment in our common stock. 
 We rely on entities affiliated with IREIC to identify real estate assets. 
 We rely on the real estate professionals employed by IREA and other affiliates of our Sponsor to source potential investments in properties, real estate-related assets and other investments in which we may be interested. Our Sponsor and its affiliates maintain an investment committee Investment Committee that reviews each potential investment and determines whether an investment is acceptable for acquisition. In determining whether an investment is suitable, the Investment Committee considers investment objectives, portfolio and criteria of all programs currently advised by our Sponsor or its affiliates (collectively referred to as the Programs ). Other factors considered by the Investment Committee may include cash flow, the effect of the acquisition on portfolio diversification, the estimated income or unrelated business tax effects of the purchase, policies relating to leverage, regulatory restrictions and the capital available for investment. Our Business Manager will not recommend any investments for us unless the investment is approved for consideration in advance by the Investment Committee. Once an investment has been approved for consideration by the Investment Committee, the Programs are advised and provided an opportunity to elect to acquire the investment. If more than one Program is interested in acquiring an investment, then the Program that has had the longest period of time elapse since it was allocated and invested in a contested investment is awarded the investment by the allocation committee. We may not, therefore, be able to acquire properties that we otherwise would be interested in acquiring. 
 Our properties may compete with the properties owned by other programs sponsored by IREIC or IPCC. 
 Certain programs sponsored by IREIC or Inland Private Capital Corporation IPCC own and manage the type of properties that we own or seek to acquire, including in the same geographical areas. Therefore, our properties, especially those located in the same geographical area, may compete for tenants or purchasers with other properties owned and managed by other IREIC- or IPCC-sponsored programs. Persons performing services for our Real Estate Manager may face conflicts of interest when evaluating tenant leasing opportunities for our properties and other properties owned and managed by IREIC- or IPCC-sponsored programs, and these conflicts of interest may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain tenants. In addition, a conflict could arise in connection with the resale of properties in the event that we and another IREIC- or IPCC-sponsored program were to attempt to sell similar properties at the same time, including in particular in the event another IREIC- or IPCC-sponsored program engages in a liquidity event at approximately the same time as us, thus impacting our ability to sell the property or complete a proposed liquidity event. 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 Our rights, and the rights of our stockholders, to recover claims against our officers, directors, Business Manager and Real Estate Manager are limited. 
 Under our charter, no director or officer will be liable to us or to any stockholder for money damages to the extent that Maryland law permits the limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation. We generally indemnify our directors, officers, employees, if any, Business Manager, Real Estate Manager and their respective affiliates for any losses or liabilities suffered by any of them. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors, officers and employees, our Business Manager, the Real Estate Manager and their respective affiliates, than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors, officers and employees or our Business Manager and the Real Estate Manager and their respective affiliates in some cases. 
 27 
 
 Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that a stockholder would receive a control premium for his or her shares. 
 Corporations organized under Maryland law with a class of registered securities and at least three independent directors are permitted to protect themselves from unsolicited proposals or offers to acquire the company by electing to be subject, by a charter or bylaw provision or a board of directors resolution and notwithstanding any contrary charter or bylaw provision, to any or all of five provisions: 
 requiring a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 

providing that only the board can fix the size of the board; 

providing that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

requiring that special stockholders meetings be called only by holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. 

These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for stockholders shares. Our charter does not prohibit our board from opting into any of the above provisions. 
 Further, under the Maryland Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an interested stockholder or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 

two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder unless, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum payment for their common stock equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its common stock. 

Our directors have adopted a resolution exempting any business combination involving us and The Inland Group or any affiliate of The Inland Group, including our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager, from the provisions of this law. 
 Our charter places limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own without the prior approval of our board of directors. 
 No more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). Our charter prohibits any persons or groups from owning more than 9.8 in value of our outstanding stock or more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock without the prior approval of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock. Further, any person or group attempting to purchase shares exceeding these limits could be compelled to sell the additional shares and, as a result, to forfeit the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 We have a classified board, which may discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors. At each annual meeting, directors of one class are elected to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualify. The classification of our board of directors may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us and of increasing the difficulty of consummating any transaction that could result from such offers, even if the acquisition would be in our stockholders' best interests, and may therefore prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium price for their stock in connection with a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all our assets). 
 28 
 
 Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a control share acquisition. 
 The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by stockholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares of stock owned by the acquirer, by officers of the acquirer or by employees who are directors of the acquirer, are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer can exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within specified ranges of voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares. The control share acquisition statute does not apply: (1) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the Maryland corporation is a party to the transaction; or (2) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the Maryland corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions of our stock by any person. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders will be adversely affected. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013 and intend to operate in a manner that would allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, we may terminate our REIT qualification, if our board of directors determines that not qualifying as a REIT is in the best interests of our stockholders, or inadvertently. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. We have structured and intend to continue structuring our activities in a manner designed to satisfy all the requirements for qualification as a REIT. However, the REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretation of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT is limited. Furthermore, any opinion of our counsel, including tax counsel, as to our eligibility to remain qualified as a REIT is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and is not a guarantee that we will continue to qualify as a REIT. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so we can remain qualified as a REIT. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends on our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income or quarterly asset requirements also depends on our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, if certain of our operations were to be recharacterized by the IRS, such recharacterization would jeopardize our ability to satisfy all requirements for qualification as a REIT. Furthermore, future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could result in our disqualification as a REIT. 
 If we were to fail to remain qualified as a REIT, without the benefit of certain statutory relief provisions, in any taxable year: 
 we would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 

we would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income as a regular C corporation and may be subject to additional state and local taxes; 

we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions; 

we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 

we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of being disqualified. 

In addition, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to pay distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders that we did pay would be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that our U.S. stockholders who are taxed as individuals generally would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates and that our corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 29 
 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal, state and local income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available to pay distributions. 
 Even as a REIT, we may be subject to federal, state and local income taxes. For example, if we have net income from a prohibited transaction, we will incur taxes equal to the full amount of the net income from the prohibited transaction. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We also may decide to retain income we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on this income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have to file income tax returns to receive a refund of the income tax paid on their behalf. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets. Any taxes we pay directly or indirectly will reduce our cash available to pay distributions. 
 The taxation of distributions to our stockholders can be complex; however, distributions that we make to our stockholders generally will be taxable as ordinary income. 
 Distributions that we make to our taxable stockholders out of current and accumulated earnings and profits (and not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) generally will be taxable as ordinary income. Noncorporate stockholders are entitled to a 20 deduction with respect to these ordinary REIT dividends which would result in a maximum effective federal income tax rate of 29.6 (or 33.4 including the 3.8 surtax on net investment income); however, the 20 deduction will end after December 31, 2025. However, a portion of our distributions may: (1) be designated by us as capital gain dividends generally taxable as long-term capital gain to the extent that they are attributable to net capital gain recognized by us; (2) be designated by us as qualified dividend income, taxable at capital gains rates, generally to the extent they are attributable to dividends we receive from any taxable REIT subsidiaries or certain other taxable C corporations in which we own shares of stock; or (3) constitute a return of capital generally to the extent that they exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A return of capital is not taxable but has the effect of reducing the tax basis of a stockholder s investment in our common stock. Distributions that exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits and a stockholder s tax basis in our common stock generally will be taxable as capital gain. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we must meet annual distribution requirements, which may force us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. This could delay or hinder our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce our stockholders overall return. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we make with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (a) 85 of our ordinary income, (b) 95 of our capital gain net income and (c) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. At times, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy these distribution requirements and may need to borrow funds or sell assets to fund these distributions, maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes. 
 Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax. 
 Our ability to dispose of property during the first two years following acquisition is restricted to a substantial extent as a result of our REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code regarding prohibited transactions by REITs, while we qualify as a REIT and provided we do not meet a safe harbor available under the Internal Revenue Code, we will be subject to a 100 penalty tax on the net income from the sale or other disposition of any property (other than foreclosure property) that we own, directly or indirectly through any subsidiary entity, but generally excluding taxable REIT subsidiaries, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. We intend to avoid the 100 prohibited transaction tax by (1) conducting activities that may otherwise be considered prohibited transactions through a taxable REIT subsidiary (but such taxable REIT subsidiary will incur corporate rate income taxes with respect to any income or gain recognized by it), (2) conducting our operations in such a manner so that no sale or other disposition of an asset we own, directly or indirectly through any subsidiary, will be treated as a prohibited transaction or (3) structuring certain dispositions of our properties to comply with the requirements of the prohibited transaction safe harbor available under the Internal Revenue Code for properties that, among other requirements, have been held for at least two years. Despite our present intention, no assurance can be given that any particular property we own, directly or indirectly through any subsidiary entity, but generally excluding taxable REIT subsidiaries, will not be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. 
 30 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, certain government securities and qualified real estate assets, including shares of stock in other REITs, certain mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than securities that qualify for the 75 asset test and securities of qualified REIT subsidiaries and taxable REIT subsidiaries) generally cannot exceed 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer, 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer, or 5 of the value of our assets as to any one issuer. In addition, no more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be securities (other than securities that qualify for the 75 asset test and securities of qualified REIT subsidiaries), no more than 20 of the value of our total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries and no more than 25 of our assets may be represented by publicly offered REIT debt instruments that do not otherwise qualify under the 75 asset test. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our performance. 
 If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within thirty days after the end of the calendar quarter, or otherwise qualify to cure the failure under a relief provision, to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge risk of interest rate changes, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made, or to be made, to acquire or carry real estate assets or in certain cases to hedge previously acquired hedges entered into to manage risks associated with property that has been disposed of or liabilities that have been extinguished, if properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations, generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 and 95 income requirements applicable to REITs. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions will likely be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a taxable REIT subsidiary. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because taxable REIT subsidiaries would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in a taxable REIT subsidiary generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income of such taxable REIT subsidiary. 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. 
 Changes to the tax laws may occur, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Our stockholders are urged to consult with an independent tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 Although REITs generally receive more favorable tax treatment than entities taxed as C corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a C corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a C corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 31 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends . 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 23.8 , including the 3.8 surtax on net investment income. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for this reduced rate and, as described above, through December 31, 2025, will be subject to an effective rate of 33.4 , including the 3.8 surtax on net investment income. Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our shares. Tax rates could be changed in future legislation. 
 General Risks 
 Our stockholders may have tax liability on distributions that they elect to reinvest in our common stock. 
 If our stockholders participate in our DRP, they will be deemed to have received, and for income tax purposes will be taxed on, the fair market value of the share of our common stock that they receive in lieu of cash distributions. As a result, unless a stockholder is a tax-exempt entity, it will have to use funds from other sources to pay its tax liability. 
 The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Our three primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our tenants, and private data exposure. We have implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 A failure of our Business Manager s information technology (IT) infrastructure could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our Business Manager s information technology infrastructure and its ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to changing needs of our business. Our Business Manager faces the challenge of supporting older systems and hardware and implementing necessary upgrades to its IT infrastructure. Our Business Manager may not be able to successfully implement these upgrades in an effective manner, which could adversely affect our operations. In addition, our Business Manager may incur significant increases in costs and extensive delays in the implementation and rollout of any upgrades or new systems. If there are technological impediments, unforeseen complications, errors or breakdowns in implementation, the disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 If our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager lose or are unable to obtain key or other skilled personnel, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be hindered. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain of our executive officers and other key personnel of our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager. Neither we nor our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager has employment agreements with these persons, and we cannot guarantee that all, or any particular one, will continue to be available to provide services to us. If any of the key personnel of our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager were to cease their employment or other relationship with our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager, respectively, our results and ability to pursue our business plan could suffer. Further, we do not intend to separately maintain key person life insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of death or disability of these persons. We believe our future success depends, in part, upon the ability of our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager to hire and retain highly skilled managerial, operational and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure our stockholders that our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager will be successful in attracting and retaining skilled personnel. If our Business Manager or Real Estate Manager loses or is unable to obtain the services of key or other skilled personnel due to, among other things, an overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or increased labor costs caused by COVID-19, or as a result of other general macroeconomic factors, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered, and a perception of reduced management capabilities could cause the market value of our stockholders investment to decline. 
 32 
 
 The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund our capital and operating needs and distributions. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, generally only insures limited amounts per depositor per insured bank. The FDIC insures up to 250,000 per depositor per insured bank account. We have cash and cash equivalents at banks exceeding these federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fail, we may lose our deposits over the federally insured levels. The loss of our deposits would reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund our capital and operating needs and distributions. 
 An economic downturn could have an adverse impact on the retail industry generally. Slow or negative growth in the retail industry could result in defaults by retail tenants which could have an adverse impact on our financial operations. 
 An economic downturn could have an adverse impact on the real estate industry generally. As a result, the retail industry could face reductions in sales revenues and increased bankruptcies. The continuation of adverse economic conditions may result in an increase in distressed or bankrupt retail companies, which in turn would result in an increase in defaults by tenants at our commercial properties. Additionally, slow economic growth is likely to hinder new entrants into the retail market which may make it difficult for us to fully lease space at our retail properties or retail properties we plan to acquire. Tenant defaults and decreased demand for retail space would have an adverse impact on the value of our retail properties and any additional retail properties we acquire and our results of operations. 
 Actual or threatened terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which we operate our business and our profitability. 
 We may own or acquire properties located in areas that are susceptible to attack or damage. These attacks may directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. 
 More generally, any actual or threatened terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. 
 Item 1B.	Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2.	Pr operties 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per square foot amounts) 
 The table below presents a summary of our investment properties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Number of properties 

52 

44 

Purchase price 

1,624,667 

1,346,514 

Total square footage 

7,168,022 

6,481,262 

Weighted average physical occupancy 

93.0 

93.4 

Weighted average economic occupancy 

93.5 

93.9 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

4.7 

4.5 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ABR per square foot averaged 19.10 and 17.79, respectively, for all properties owned. ABR is calculated by annualizing the monthly base rent for leases in-place as of the applicable date, including any tenant concessions, such as rent abatement or allowances, which may have been granted and excluding ground leases. ABR per square foot including ground leases averaged 16.42 and 15.04, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below for detail on the amount of rent billed and collected during the pandemic. 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company acquired a portfolio of eight properties from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP for a purchase price of 278,153. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not purchase or sell any properties. During January 2020, we collected proceeds of 37,255 net of selling costs upon completion of the sale of three properties. 
 33 
 
 The table below presents information for each of our investment properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 34 

Property 
 
 Location 
 
 Square Footage 

Physical Occupancy 

Economic Occupancy 

Mortgage Balance 

Interest Rate (c) 

Newington Fair (a) 
 
 Newington, CT 

186,205 

100.0 

100.0 

Wedgewood Commons (a) 
 
 Olive Branch, MS 

169,558 

97.9 

97.9 

Park Avenue (a) 
 
 Little Rock, AR 

79,131 

62.3 

62.3 

North Hills Square (a) 
 
 Coral Springs, FL 

63,829 

97.5 

97.5 

Mansfield Shopping Center (a) 
 
 Mansfield, TX 

148,529 

95.0 

95.0 

Lakeside Crossing (a) 
 
 Lynchburg, VA 

67,034 

97.8 

97.8 

MidTowne Shopping Center (a) 
 
 Little Rock, AR 

126,288 

70.3 

70.3 

Dogwood Festival (a) 
 
 Flowood, MS 

187,468 

80.5 

80.5 

Pick N Save Center (a) 
 
 West Bend, WI 

94,446 

98.9 

98.9 

Harris Plaza (a) 
 
 Layton, UT 

125,965 

87.0 

87.0 

Dixie Valley (a) 
 
 Louisville, KY 

119,981 

84.8 

84.8 

The Landings at Ocean Isle (a) 
 
 Ocean Isle, NC 

53,203 

94.9 

94.9 

Shoppes at Prairie Ridge (a) 
 
 Pleasant Prairie, WI 

232,606 

99.3 

99.3 

Harvest Square (a) 
 
 Harvest, AL 

70,590 

94.1 

94.1 

Heritage Square (a) 
 
 Conyers, GA 

22,510 

95.8 

95.8 

The Shoppes at Branson Hills (a) 
 
 Branson, MO 

256,244 

97.2 

97.2 

Branson Hills Plaza (a) 
 
 Branson, MO 

210,201 

100.0 

100.0 

Copps Grocery Store (a) 
 
 Stevens Point, WI 

69,911 

100.0 

100.0 

Fox Point Plaza (a) 
 
 Neenah, WI 

171,121 

100.0 

100.0 

Shoppes at Lake Park (a) 
 
 West Valley City, UT 

52,997 

90.6 

90.6 

Plaza at Prairie Ridge (a) 
 
 Pleasant Prairie, WI 

9,035 

100.0 

100.0 

Green Tree Shopping Center (a) 
 
 Katy, TX 

147,621 

98.3 

98.3 

Eastside Junction (a) 
 
 Athens, AL 

79,675 

91.0 

91.0 

Fairgrounds Crossing (a) 
 
 Hot Springs, AR 

155,127 

100.0 

100.0 

Prattville Town Center (a) 
 
 Prattville, AL 

168,842 

98.2 

98.2 

Regal Court 
 
 Shreveport, LA 

363,061 

96.9 

96.9 

26,000 

4.55 

Shops at Hawk Ridge (a) 
 
 St. Louis, MO 

75,951 

100.0 

100.0 

Walgreens Plaza (a) 
 
 Jacksonville, NC 

42,219 

79.0 

79.0 

Frisco Marketplace (a) 
 
 Frisco, TX 

112,024 

89.7 

89.7 

White City (a) 
 
 Shrewsbury, MA 

256,974 

87.5 

95.5 

Yorkville Marketplace (a) 
 
 Yorkville, IL 

111,591 

94.7 

94.7 

Shoppes at Market Pointe (a) 
 
 Papillion, NE 

253,903 

95.3 

95.3 

Marketplace at El Paseo (a) 
 
 Fresno, CA 

224,683 

93.1 

94.5 

The Village at Burlington Creek 
 
 Kansas City, MO 

157,937 

89.8 

89.8 

17,085 

4.25 

Milford Marketplace 
 
 Milford, CT 

111,959 

89.2 

89.2 

18,727 

4.02 

Settlers Ridge 
 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

473,763 

91.7 

91.7 

76,533 

3.70 

Blossom Valley Plaza (a) 
 
 Turlock, CA 

111,435 

89.4 

89.4 

Oquirrh Mountain Marketplace (a) 
 
 South Jordan, UT 

75,950 

100.0 

100.0 

Marketplace at Tech Center (a) 
 
 Newport News, VA 

210,716 

86.6 

91.7 

Coastal North Town Center 
 
 Myrtle Beach, SC 

304,662 

94.2 

94.8 

41,348 

3.17 

35 

Oquirrh Mountain Marketplace II (a) 
 
 South Jordan, UT 

10,150 

100.0 

100.0 

Wilson Marketplace (a) 
 
 Wilson, NC 

311,030 

100.0 

100.0 

Pentucket Shopping Center (a) 
 
 Plaistow, NH 

198,469 

98.0 

98.0 

Hickory Tavern (b) 
 
 Myrtle Beach, SC 

6,588 

100.0 

100.0 

New Town (a) 
 
 Owings Mill, MD 

117,593 

47.0 

47.0 

Olde Ivy Village (a) 
 
 Smyrna, GA 

46,500 

93.7 

93.7 

Northpark Village Square (a) 
 
 Santa Clarita, CA 

87,103 

97.2 

97.2 

Lower Makefield Shopping Center (a) 
 
 Lower Makefield, PA 

74,953 

94.9 

94.9 

Denton Village (a) 
 
 Denton, TX 

48,280 

100.0 

100.0 

Rusty Leaf Plaza (a) 
 
 Orange, CA 

59,188 

95.7 

95.7 

Northville Park Place (a) 
 
 Northville, MI 

78,421 

97.7 

97.7 

CityPlace (a) 
 
 Woodbury, MN 

174,802 

95.1 

95.1 

Portfolio total 

7,168,022 

93.0 

93.5 

179,693 

3.79 

(a) Property is included in the pool of unencumbered properties under our Credit Facility. 

(b) Property is used as additional collateral on mortgage loan for Coastal North Town 

(c) Portfolio total is equal to the weighted average interest rate. 

Tenancy Highlights 
 The following table presents information regarding the top ten tenants in our portfolio based on annualized base rent for leases in-place as of December 31, 2022. 

Tenant Name 
 
 Number of Leases 

Annualized Base Rent 

Percent of Total Portfolio Annualized Base Rent 

Annualized Base Rent Per Square Foot 

Square Footage 

Percent of Total Portfolio Square Footage 

Kroger 

5 

4,735 

4.3 

15.99 

296,150 

4.1 

The TJX Companies, Inc. 

14 

3,748 

3.4 

10.59 

354,070 

4.9 

Albertsons/Jewel/Shaws 

2 

2,436 

2.2 

19.05 

127,892 

1.8 

Ulta Salon, Cosmetics Fragrance, Inc. 

11 

2,397 

2.2 

21.60 

110,958 

1.6 

Whole Foods 

3 

2,340 

2.1 

20.27 

115,410 

1.6 

Ross Dress for Less, Inc 

10 

2,340 

2.1 

8.93 

262,080 

3.7 

Sprouts Farmers Market 

4 

2,159 

2.0 

19.09 

113,092 

1.6 

Petsmart 

7 

2,032 

1.9 

14.67 

138,578 

1.9 

Dick's Sporting Goods 

4 

2,012 

1.8 

11.13 

180,766 

2.5 

LA Fitness (Fitness International) 

2 

1,966 

1.8 

21.94 

89,600 

1.3 

Top ten tenants 

62 

26,165 

23.8 

14.63 

1,788,596 

25.0 

36 

The following table sets forth a summary of our tenant diversity for our entire portfolio and is based on leases in-place at December 31, 2022. 

Tenant Type 
 
 Gross Leasable Area Square Footage 

Percent of Total Gross Leasable Area 

Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Discount and Department Stores 

1,423,624 

21.2 

10.6 

Grocery 

1,290,044 

19.2 

16.6 

Home Goods 

947,905 

14.1 

7.6 

Lifestyle, Health Clubs, Books Phones 

822,917 

12.3 

15.7 

Restaurant 

631,543 

9.4 

18.3 

Apparel Accessories 

431,896 

6.5 

8.5 

Consumer Services, Salons, Cleaners, Banks 

347,919 

5.2 

9.2 

Pet Supplies 

256,913 

3.8 

4.0 

Sporting Goods 

205,596 

3.2 

2.4 

Health, Doctors Health Foods 

210,883 

3.1 

5.4 

Other 

136,330 

2.0 

1.7 

Total 

6,705,570 

100.0 

100.0 

The following table sets forth a summary of our property type based on annualized base rent in-place for leases as of December 31, 2022. 

Property Type 
 
 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Grocery 

61 

Grocery Shadow-Anchored 

27 

Community Center 

7 

Power Center 

5 

Total 

100 

37 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary, as of December 31, 2022, of the percent of total annualized base rent and the weighted average lease expiration by size of tenant. 

Size of Tenant 
 
 Description - Square Footage 
 
 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

Weighted Average Lease Expiration Years 

Anchor 
 
 10,000 and over 

49 

5.5 

Junior Box 
 
 5,000-9,999 

14 

4.3 

Small Shop 
 
 Less than 5,000 

37 

3.6 

Total 

100 

4.7 

Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth a summary, as of December 31, 2022, of lease expirations scheduled to occur during each of the calendar years from 2023 to 2032 and thereafter, assuming no exercise of renewal options or early termination rights for leases commenced on or prior to December 31, 2022. Annualized base rent represents the rent in place for the applicable property at December 31, 2022. The table below includes ground leases. If ground leases are excluded, annualized base rent would equal 100,271, or 19.10 per square foot for total expiring leases. 

Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

Gross Leasable Area of Expiring Leases - Square Footage 

Percent of Total Gross Leasable Area of Expiring Leases 

Total Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases 

Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases 

Annualized Base Rent per Leased Square Foot 

2023 

131 

554,872 

8.3 

9,816 

8.9 

17.69 

2024 

127 

819,707 

12.2 

15,849 

14.4 

19.33 

2025 

139 

874,305 

13.0 

17,619 

16.0 

20.15 

2026 

107 

457,136 

6.8 

10,384 

9.4 

22.72 

2027 

122 

917,199 

13.7 

16,461 

15.0 

17.95 

2028 

72 

1,143,316 

17.1 

12,543 

11.4 

10.97 

2029 

25 

289,733 

4.3 

3,992 

3.6 

13.78 

2030 

24 

237,783 

3.5 

4,481 

4.1 

18.85 

2031 

19 

189,928 

2.8 

3,547 

3.2 

18.68 

2032 

30 

197,919 

3.0 

4,582 

4.2 

23.15 

Thereafter 

27 

1,023,672 

15.3 

10,824 

9.8 

10.57 

Leased Total 

823 

6,705,570 

100.0 

110,098 

100.0 

16.42 

Item 3.	Legal Proceedings 
 We are not a party to, and none of our properties are subject to, any material pending legal proceedings. 
 Item 4.	Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 38 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5.	Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 There is no established public trading market for our shares of common stock. Our board will determine when, and if, to apply to have our shares of common stock listed for trading on a national securities exchange, subject to satisfying existing listing requirements. Pursuant to our strategic plan, we plan to consider a future liquidity event, market conditions permitting, including possibly through a listing on a national securities exchange. However, there is no assurance that we will list our shares. Further, there is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell their shares at a time or price acceptable to them. We publish an estimated per share value of our common stock to assist broker dealers that sold our common stock in the Offering to comply with the rules published by FINRA. On March 2, 2023, our board established an Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 equal to 19.86 per share. The previously established estimated per share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2021 was equal to 20.20 per share. For additional information on the determination of our Estimated Per Share NAV, please see the disclosures under Item 8.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023 . 
 As of March 22, 2023, we had 16,395 stockholders of record. 
 Distributions 
 We currently pay distributions on a quarterly basis. However, the actual amount and timing of distributions, if any, is determined by our board of directors in its discretion, based on its analysis of our actual and expected cash flow, capital expenditures and investments, as well as general financial conditions. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared quarterly distributions in an amount equal to 0.135600 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we declared distributions for the second, third and fourth quarters in an amount equal to 0.135600 per share, which represents an annualized rate of 3 based on the estimated per share NAV as of December 31, 2020 of 18.08, payable in arrears the following quarter. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Board rescinded the second quarter distribution and suspended distributions until the second quarter of 2021. 
 The following table shows the sources for the payment of distributions to common stockholders for the periods indicated (Dollar amounts in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

of Distributions 

of Distributions 

Distributions: 

Distributions paid in cash 

12,296 

6,018 

Distributions reinvested through DRP 

7,287 

3,749 

Total distributions 

19,583 

9,767 

Source of distribution coverage: 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

19,583 

100 

9,767 

100 

Proceeds from DRP 

0 

0 

Total source of distribution coverage 

19,583 

100 

9,767 

100 

Cash flows provided by operating activities (GAAP basis) 

44,787 

48,150 

Net loss (in accordance with GAAP) 

(12,618) 

(2,503) 

39 
 
 The following table compares cumulative distributions paid to cumulative net loss (in accordance with GAAP) for the period from August 24, 2011 (date of inception) through December 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the Period from August 24, 2011 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2022 

Distributions paid: 

Common stockholders in cash 

148,387 

Common stockholders reinvested through DRP 

136,167 

Total distributions paid 

284,554 

Reconciliation of net loss: 

Revenues 

975,155 

Acquisition and transaction related expenses 

(19,669) 

Provision for asset impairment 

(12,950) 

Depreciation and amortization 

(437,546) 

Other operating expenses 

(406,674) 

Provision for impairment of investment in and note receivable from unconsolidated entities 

(15,405) 

Other non-operating expenses 

(191,658) 

Net loss (in accordance with GAAP) (1) 

(108,747) 

Funds from operations (2) 

353,786 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

337,464 

(1) Net loss, as defined by GAAP, includes the non-cash impact of depreciation and amortization expense as well as costs incurred relating to acquisitions and related transactions and provision for impairment related to our joint venture investment and asset impairment. 

(2) For information related to the calculation of funds from operations, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Item 7. 

Share Repurchase Program 
 We adopted the SRP effective October 18, 2012, under which we are authorized to purchase shares from stockholders who purchased their shares from us or received their shares through a non-cash transfer and who have held their shares for at least one year. Purchases are in our sole discretion. In the case of Exceptional Repurchases, the one year holding period does not apply. The SRP was amended and restated effective January 1, 2018 to change the processing of repurchase requests from a monthly to a quarterly basis to align with the move to quarterly distributions. On February 11, 2019, our board adopted a second amended and restated SRP, which became effective on March 21, 2019. On March 3, 2020, our board adopted the Third A R SRP, which became effective on April 10, 2020. 
 Under the Third A R SRP, we are authorized to make ordinary repurchases and Exceptional Repurchases at a price equal to 80.0 of the share price, which is defined in the Third A R SRP as an amount equal to the lesser of: (A) 25, as adjusted under certain circumstances, including, among other things, if the applicable shares were purchased from the Company at a discounted price; or (B) the most recently disclosed estimated value per share. Prior to the amendment, we were authorized to make Exceptional Repurchases at a price equal to 100 of the share price. Beginning with repurchases in April 2022, the share price would be equal to 20.20 per share until we announce a new Estimated Per Share NAV. Accordingly, ordinary repurchases and Exceptional Repurchases would be at 16.16 per share. 
 The Third A R SRP provides our board of directors with the discretion to reduce the funding limit for share repurchases. The Third A R SRP limits the dollar amount for any repurchases made by us each calendar quarter to an amount equal to a percentage determined in the sole discretion of our board on a quarterly basis that will not be less than 50 of the net proceeds from the DRP during the applicable quarter. As our board of directors has suspended the SRP, as discussed below, the current effective funding limit is irrelevant, and in any case there have been no net proceeds from the DRP, which has also been suspended. We continue to limit the number of shares repurchased during any calendar year to 5 of the number of shares outstanding on December 31st of the previous calendar year, as adjusted for any stock splits or other combinations. 
 40 
 
 Due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, in this environment, our board of directors suspended our SRP. The suspension of the SRP was effective on June 26, 2020. Also, on September 29, 2020, the Company entered into a first amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 1, 2018, which provided a waiver of the minimum tangible net worth requirement for three consecutive quarters beginning with the quarter ended September 30, 2020, but restricted the Company from making any share repurchases or distributions without lender approval during this waiver period. Any unfulfilled repurchase requests automatically rolled over for processing under the terms and conditions of the SRP when we restarted the plan, unless a stockholder withdrew the request for repurchase. 
 On June 29, 2021, the Company announced the reinstatement and lifting of the suspension of our SRP and its adoption of the fourth amendment and restatement of the program. The effective date of the SRP reinstatement and the Fourth Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program the Fourth SRP was August 12, 2021. 
 Pursuant to the Fourth SRP, any written request for treatment as an Exceptional Repurchase due to the death or qualifying disability of an owner that occurred between June 1, 2019 and May 31, 2020 (inclusive) was considered timely received by the Company if received by January 31, 2022, and any written request for treatment as an Exceptional Repurchase due to the death or qualifying disability of an owner that occurred between June 1, 2020 and July 31, 2021, (inclusive) will be timely received if received by the Company no later than July 31, 2022. 
 If either or both of the aforementioned repurchase limitations prevent us from repurchasing all of the shares offered for repurchase during a calendar quarter, we will repurchase shares, on a pro rata basis within each category below, in accordance with the repurchase limitations in the following order: (a) first, all Exceptional Repurchases and (b) second, all ordinary repurchases. For any quarter ended, unfulfilled repurchase requests will be included in the list of requests for the following quarter unless the request is withdrawn in accordance with the SRP. However, each stockholder who has submitted a repurchase request must submit an acknowledgment annually after we publish a new estimated value per share acknowledging, among other things, that the stockholder wishes to maintain the request. If we do not receive the acknowledgment prior to the repurchase date, we will deem the request to have been withdrawn. 
 The SRP will immediately terminate if our shares are listed on any national securities exchange. In addition, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend (in whole or in part), or terminate our SRP. In the event that we amend, suspend or terminate the SRP, however, we will send stockholders notice of the change at least thirty days prior to the change, and we will disclose the change in a report filed with the SEC on either Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as appropriate. Further, our board reserves the right in its sole discretion, at any time, and from time to time to reject any requests for repurchases. 
 41 
 
 The following table summarizes the repurchases of shares under the SRP during the year ended December 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share amounts): 

Period 
 
 Total Shares Requested to be Repurchased 

Total Number of Shares Repurchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Amount of Shares Repurchased 

Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

January 2022 

1,738,370 

63,922 

14.46 

924 

63,922 

1,738,124 

February 2022 

1,738,124 

March 2022 

1,738,124 

April 2022 

164,438 

56,368 

16.16 

911 

56,368 

1,681,756 

May 2022 

1,681,756 

June 2022 

1,681,756 

July 2022 

191,011 

56,155 

16.16 

907 

56,155 

1,625,601 

August 2022 

1,625,601 

September 2022 

1,625,601 

October 2022 

56,069 

55,828 

16.17 

903 

55,828 

1,569,773 

November 2022 

1,569,773 

December 2022 

1,569,773 

Total 

2,149,888 

232,273 

15.69 

3,645 

232,273 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan, reference is made to Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 6.	 Reserved 
 42 
 
 Item 7.	Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Certain statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Words such as may, could, should, expect, intend, plan, goal, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, variables, potential, continue, expand, maintain, create, strategies, likely, will, would and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but reflect the intent, belief or current expectations of our management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry, the economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we caution stockholders not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors listed and described under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , which include the risks described below: 
 Our strategic plan, which is discussed further below, may continue to evolve or change over time, and there is no assurance we will be able to successfully achieve our board s objectives under the strategic plan, including making strategic sales or purchases of properties, redeveloping properties or completing a liquidity event, within any timeframe we might expect or would prefer or at all; 

The use of the internet by consumers to shop may continue to expand, and this expansion has likely been accelerated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could result in a further downturn in the businesses of certain of our current tenants in their brick and mortar locations and could affect their ability to pay rent and their demand for space at our retail properties; 

We may pursue redevelopment activities, which are subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: expending resources to determine the feasibility of the project or projects that are then not pursued or completed; construction delays or cost overruns; failure to meet anticipated occupancy or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; exposure to fluctuations in the general economy due to the significant time lag between commencing and completing the project; and reduced rental income during the period of time we are redeveloping an asset or assets; 

Our Business Manager and its affiliates face conflicts of interest caused by, among other things, their compensation arrangements with us, and the simultaneous overlapping leadership roles our executive officers have at the Business Manager and its affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the long-term best interests of our stockholders; 

We are subject to risks associated with a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a contagious disease, such as the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, including negative impacts on our tenants and their respective businesses, and we agreed in 2020 and 2021 to defer a significant amount of rent owed to us, which tenants will be obligated to pay over time in addition to their regular rent. If there is a resurgence of COVID-19, we may agree again to defer rent owed to us, and our tenants may not be able or willing to pay the deferred amounts on top of their regular rent when the deferred amounts become due, particularly if their results of operations or future prospects have been materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or become so affected; 

Market disruptions resulting from the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted many aspects of our operating results and financial condition, and any future disruptions from the pandemic, the war in Ukraine, high inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain shortages that affect our tenants or other disruptions caused by events beyond our control may adversely impact our results and financial condition, including our ability to service our debt obligations, borrow additional monies or pay distributions; 

We have incurred net losses on a GAAP basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and future net losses could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operations, cash flow, and our ability to service our indebtedness or pay distributions to our stockholders; 

Our Sponsor may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our Business Manager and our Real Estate Manager; 

We do not have arm s-length agreements with our Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager or any other affiliates of our Sponsor; 

We pay fees, which may be significant, to our Business Manager, Real Estate Manager and other affiliates of our Sponsor; 

Our properties may compete with the properties owned by other programs sponsored by our Sponsor or IPCC for, among other things, tenants; 

43 
 
 Our Business Manager is under no obligation, and may not agree, to continue to forgo or defer its business management fee; 

If we fail to continue to qualify as a REIT, our operations and distributions to stockholders, if any, will be adversely affected; and 

We are subject to risks associated with any dislocations or liquidity disruptions that may exist or occur in credit markets of the United States from time to time, including disruptions and dislocations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Report and may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results except as required by applicable law. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis is based on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our stockholders should read the following discussion and analysis along with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. 
 
 Unless otherwise stated all amounts are stated in thousands, except share data. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We were formed as a Maryland corporation on August 24, 2011 and elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code, commencing with the year ended December 31, 2013. We have no employees. We are managed by our business manager, IREIT Business Manager Advisor, Inc. 
 We are primarily focused on acquiring and owning retail properties and intend to target a portfolio substantially all of which would be comprised of grocery-anchored properties as described below. We have invested in joint ventures and, to the extent we have available capital, may invest again in additional joint ventures or acquire other real estate assets such as office and medical office buildings, multi-family properties and industrial/distribution and warehouse facilities if management believes the expected returns from those investments exceed that of retail properties. We also may invest in real estate-related equity securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies, as well as commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.4 billion and owned 52 properties located in 24 states containing 7.2 million square feet. On May 17, 2022, we acquired eight retail shopping center properties (the IRPF Properties from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP. The IRPF Properties are located across seven states and aggregate approximately 686,851 square feet. We acquired the IRPF Properties for an aggregate purchase price of 278 million, excluding closing costs. A majority of our properties are multi-tenant, necessity-based retail shopping centers primarily located in major regional markets and growing secondary markets throughout the United States. At December 31, 2022, grocery-anchored or grocery shadow-anchored shopping center properties represented 88 of our annualized base rent. A grocery shadow-anchored shopping center is a shopping center which we own that is located near a grocery store that we do not own but that we believe generates traffic for the shopping center. The portfolio properties have a weighted average economic occupancy of 93.5 and staggered lease maturity dates. 
 
 We commenced the Offering on October 18, 2012, and concluded it on October 16, 2015. We sold 33,534,022 shares of common stock in the Offering generating gross proceeds of 834.4 million. On March 2, 2023, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 of 19.86. The previously estimated per share net asset value as of December 31, 2021 equal to 20.20 was established on March 4, 2022. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 We continue to monitor the impact of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and locations, including how a resurgence might impact our tenants and vendors. The Company s deferrals, modifications and rent abatements have proven effective helping our tenants endure the economic impacts of the pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, our deferred rent balance was less than 0.1 million, down from 0.4 million at December 31, 2021 and 4.5 million at December 31, 2020, due primarily to collections of such rent. Tenants with which we agreed to defer rent mostly paid both their regular rental obligations as well as the amounts of deferred rent. See Note 14 Leases for additional information. 
 44 
 
 However, we are unable to predict with certainty the future impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the effects of the emergence and potential and actual spreading of a new variant of the coronavirus in the U.S or any place from which our tenants may receive goods or services. 
 We rely on the Business Manager to manage our day-to-day operations. Though many people have been able to work remotely effectively, the business and operations of our Business Manager and its affiliates may also be adversely impacted by further coronavirus outbreaks, including illness or quarantine of members of its workforce, which may negatively impact its ability to provide us services to the same degree as it had prior to the outbreak. 
 For further information regarding the potential impact of COVID-19 on the Company, see Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. 
 Inflation and Interest Rates 
 Inflationary pressures and rising interest rates could result in reductions in consumer spending and retailer profitability that impacts the Company s ability to grow rents and tenant demand for new and existing store locations. Regardless of accelerating inflation levels, base rent under most of the Company s long-term anchor leases will remain constant (subject to tenants exercise of renewal options at pre-negotiated rent increases) until the expiration of their lease terms. While many of these leases require tenants to pay their share of shopping center operating expenses (including common area maintenance, real estate tax and insurance expenses), the Company s ability to collect the expense increases passed through to tenants is dependent on their ability to absorb and pay these increases. Inflation may also impact other aspects of the Company s operating costs, including fees paid to service providers, the cost to complete redevelopments and build-outs of recently leased vacancies and interest rate costs relating to variable rate loans and refinancing of lower fixed-rate indebtedness. While the Company has not been significantly impacted by any of these items to date, no assurances can be provided that these inflationary pressures will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business in the future. 
 Company Update Strategic Plan 
 The Company has a strategic plan that includes the goals of providing a future liquidity event to investors and creating long-term stockholder value. The strategic plan centers around owning a portfolio of grocery-anchored properties with lower exposure to big box retailers. As part of this strategy, our management team continually evaluates possibilities for the opportunistic sale of certain assets with the goal of redeploying capital into the acquisition of strategically located grocery-anchored centers. Of the Company s 951 leasable spaces, there are 123 non-grocery big box (anchor spaces of at least 10,000 square feet) in the portfolio, and of those seven are vacant, and one is dark (meaning that the tenant is still obligated by their lease to pay rent but has vacated the space and left it unused) as of February 28, 2023. As part of the strategic plan, we sold three properties in the first quarter of 2020. We used the proceeds to pay down the Revolving Credit Facility. We are not actively marketing any properties as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe increasing the size and profitability of the Company would enhance our ability to complete a successful liquidity event. On May 17, 2022, the Company acquired seven grocery-anchored retail shopping center properties and one additional retail shopping center, collectively referred to as the IRPF Properties, from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP, for approximately 278 million. Although we are not actively pursuing any new acquisitions as of the date of this Annual Report, we may seek and evaluate potential acquisitions and, if we have the requisite capital and financing available to us, opportunistically acquire retail properties that we believe complement our existing portfolio in terms of relevant characteristics such as tenant mix, demographics and geography and are consistent with our plan to own a portfolio substantially all of which is comprised of grocery-anchored or shadow-anchored properties. We may also consider other transactions, such as redeveloping certain of our properties or portions of certain of our properties, for example, big-box spaces, to repurpose them for alternative commercial or multifamily residential uses. We expect to consider liquidity events, such as listing our common stock on a national securities exchange, but given our intention to opportunistically grow the portfolio, execute redevelopment opportunities, and execute strategic sales and acquisitions in the context of (i) changes in retail market conditions resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other complex factors such as (ii) competition for our tenants from evolving internet businesses, (iii) the state of the commercial real estate market and financial markets, (iv) our ability to raise capital or borrow on terms that are acceptable to the Company in light of the use of the proceeds and (v) changes in general economic conditions such as persistent high inflation and high interest rates, among other factors, we do not know when we will complete a liquidity event. The timing of the completion of the strategic plan has already extended beyond our original expectations and cannot be predicted with certainty. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully implement its strategic plan, for example by making strategic sales or purchases of properties or listing the Company s common stock, within any timeframe we might prefer or at all. 
 45 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 General 
 Our primary uses and sources of cash are as follows: 

Uses 
 
 Sources 

Interest principal payments on mortgage loans and Credit Facility 

Cash receipts from our tenants 

Property operating expenses 

Sale of shares through the DRP 

General and administrative expenses 

Proceeds from new or refinanced mortgage loans 

Distributions to stockholders 

Borrowing on our Credit Facility 

Fees payable to our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager 

Proceeds from sales of real estate (if any) 

Repurchases of shares under the SRP 

Proceeds from issuance of securities (if any) other than through the DRP 

Capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions 

Acquisitions of real estate directly or through joint ventures 

Redevelopments of entire properties or certain spaces within our properties 

We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to sell properties or issue new securities to raise capital when we would like, for example, to increase the proportion of grocery-anchored or shadow-anchored properties or increase the size of our portfolio of properties, or under terms that would be acceptable to us considering factors such as the anticipated use of the proceeds. Because we are not listed, our ability to access the public or private market, particularly for equity capital, is limited. 
 During January 2020, we sold three properties generating net proceeds of 37.3 million. We are not currently actively marketing any properties and do not expect any strategic sales to occur until we believe the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on retail commercial real estate have subsided. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 102 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and 575 million outstanding under the Term Loan. At December 31, 2022 the interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan was 6.12 and 4.28 , respectively. On February 3, 2022, we extended the Revolving Credit Facility maturity date to February 3, 2026 plus a twelve month extension option. We also increased the Term Loan outstanding balance to 275 million which now matures on February 3, 2027. On May 17, 2022, we amended our Credit Agreement to increase the size of the Term Loan to 575 million and modify several covenants to fund our acquisition of a portfolio of eight retail shopping center properties from Inland Retail Property Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. As of March 22, 2023, we had 98 million available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to the terms and conditions, including compliance with the covenants, of the Credit Agreement that governs the Credit Facility. Although 98 million is the maximum available and all of it is available to pay off existing mortgages, covenant limitations affect what we can actually draw, and we expect to have substantially less than 98 million actually available to draw or otherwise undertake as additional debt as a result of, among other things, completing the aforementioned acquisition of the eight properties and increasing the amount of the Term Loan. By additional debt, we mean debt in addition to existing debt such as existing mortgages. The properties comprising the borrowing base for the Credit Facility are not available to be used as collateral for other debt unless removed from the borrowing base, which would shrink availability under the Credit Facility. Our leverage ratio generally cannot exceed 60 , provided however that two times during the term of our Revolving Credit Facility our leverage ratio may be 65 for two consecutive quarters. Our leverage ratio was 58.8 as of December 31, 2022, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility s agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding of 856.7 million, excluding mortgage premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs, which bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 4.40 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average years to maturity for our debt was 3.6 years. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our borrowings were 53 and 44 , respectively, of the purchase price of our investment properties. At December 31, 2022 our cash and cash equivalents balance was 4.9 million. 
 In the next twelve months, we have one mortgage loan maturing with an aggregate principal balance of 41.3 million, which we intend to refinance or repay by drawing on the Credit Facility, which was amended on February 3, 2022 and May 17, 2022 as noted above. 
 To preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, during the second quarter of 2020 our board of directors rescinded the distribution that was declared in the first quarter of 2020, and we did not declare another distribution until June 29, 2021. We also suspended our DRP and SRP. The suspension of the DRP was effective on June 6, 2020 and the suspension of 
 46 
 
 the SRP was effective on June 26, 2020. On June 29, 2021, we reinstated the DRP and the SRP and declared a distribution on our common stock in the amount of 0.135600 per share to stockholders of record as of June 30, 2021, that was paid on or about July 26, 2021. The effective date of the DRP reinstatement was July 22, 2021 and was available for this distribution. The first share repurchases following the reinstatement of the SRP were on August 16, 2021 and totaled 1.9 million. On or about October 7, 2021, we paid a distribution on our common stock in the amount of 0.135600 per share to stockholders of record as of September 30, 2021, and have continued to pay quarterly distributions in the amount of 0.135600 per share to stockholders of record as of each quarter end since then. See Share Repurchase Program under Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities above for the number of shares requested for repurchase and other information regarding our SRP. 
 We delayed making non-essential capital improvements and other non-essential capital expenditures at our properties at the onset of the pandemic in 2020 and into 2021, where possible, to preserve cash. As we have seen rent collections increase during 2021 and 2022, we have been increasing our funding of capital expenditures at our properties to levels similar to pre-pandemic periods, and we do not expect the prior delay in making these capital expenditures to have any material effect on our tenants or our ability to lease space. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 12.4 million on capital expenditures and tenant improvements, which is approximately 6.5 million more than we did in the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, we expect to materially increase spending on tenant improvements in connection with new or renewed leases and capital expenditures in 2023 but do not anticipate a material effect on our liquidity from this increase, assuming the businesses of our tenants, including those that were negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, remain steady or improve or they otherwise continue to pay their rent and fulfill their lease obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have paid all interest and principal amounts when due, and were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Facility, as amended. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

44,787 

48,150 

37,140 

(3,363) 

11,010 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

(290,505) 

(5,883) 

33,234 

(284,622) 

(39,117) 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

237,669 

(42,869) 

(61,922) 

280,538 

19,053 

Operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities decreased 3.4 million during 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 11 million during 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease from 2021 to 2022 was due to an increase in deferred costs and a decrease in collections in 2022 (due to pandemic-related deferrals from 2020 that were collected in 2021). The increase from 2020 to 2021 was due to increased collections from tenants during 2021 (due to pandemic-related deferrals from 2020 that were collected in 2021). 
 Investing activities 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Proceeds from the sale of investment properties 

37,255 

(37,255) 

Purchase of investment properties 

(277,880) 

(277,880) 

Capital expenditures 

(12,404) 

(5,883) 

(4,021) 

(6,521) 

(1,862) 

Other assets 

(221) 

(221) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(290,505) 

(5,883) 

33,234 

(284,622) 

(39,117) 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase in cash used by investing activities compared to 2021 primarily due to the acquisition of the IRPF Properties on May 17, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash was used in investing activities for capital expenditures. Cash was provided by investing activities in in 2020 primarily due to the sale of three investment properties during January 2020. 
 
 47 
 
 Financing activities 

For the year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Total net changes related to debt 

253,837 

(34,074) 

(53,223) 

287,911 

19,149 

Proceeds from DRP 

7,287 

3,749 

4,547 

3,538 

(798) 

Shares repurchased 

(3,645) 

(2,777) 

(2,405) 

(868) 

(372) 

Distributions paid 

(19,583) 

(9,767) 

(10,841) 

(9,816) 

1,074 

Early termination of interest rate swap agreements, net 

(227) 

(227) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

237,669 

(42,869) 

(61,922) 

280,538 

19,053 

During 2022, cash was drawn on debt to finance the acquisition of the IRPF properties for a purchase price of approximately 278 million, accounting for the majority of the flux from 2021. During 2021, cash expended on debt decreased 19.0 million from 2020, primarily due to lower net debt paydowns in 2021 compared to 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to the DRP of 7.3 million, 3.7 million and 4.5 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, share repurchases were 3.6 million, 2.8 million and 2.4 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid 19.6 million, 9.8 million and 10.8 million, respectively, in distributions. 
 
 Distributions 
 A summary of the distributions declared, distributions paid and cash flows provided by operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 follows (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, (1) 
 
 Distributions Declared 

Distributions Declared Per Share 

Distributions Rescinded 

Cash Distributions Paid 

Cash Distributions Reinvested via DRP 

Total Cash Distributions Paid 

Cash Flows From Operations 

2022 

19,602 

0.54 
 
 (2) 

12,296 

7,287 

19,583 

44,787 

2021 

14,655 

0.41 
 
 (3) 

6,018 

3,749 

9,767 

48,150 

2020 

8,173 

0.23 
 
 (4) 
 
 (8,173) 

6,294 

4,547 

10,841 

37,140 

(1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, distributions were funded by cash flows from operations. Note that some distributions may be declared in one year but will not be paid until the next year, so for any given year the total distributions declared often will not match the total distributions paid. 

(2) This amount represents a continuation of distributions at an annualized rate that was used during the year ended December 31, 2021 following when distributions resumed as noted below. 

(3) This amount represents an annualized rate of 3 based on the previously estimated per share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2020 equal to 18.08 which was established on March 5, 2021. The distributions declared during the year ended December 31, 2021 began with the second quarter distribution following the reinstatement of regular distributions. 

(4) This amount represents an annualized rate of 5 based on the previously estimated per share NAV of our common stock as of December 31, 2019 equal to 18.15 which was established on March 3, 2020. This distribution was rescinded during the second quarter of 2020, and distributions were suspended by our board. 

See Distributions under Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities above for the number of shares requested for repurchase and other information regarding our distributions to stockholders. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion is based on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 This section describes and compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We generate primarily all of our net operating income from property operations. In order to evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the net operating income of properties that we have owned and operated for the periods presented, in their entirety, referred to herein as same store properties. By evaluating the property net operating income of our same store properties, management is able to monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods to measure the performance of our current portfolio and determine the effects of any acquisitions or dispositions on net income. (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 48 
 
 Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 We consider property net operating income an important financial measure because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level, and when compared across periods, reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating expenses. Although property net operating income is a widely used measure among REITs, there can be no assurance that property net operating income presented by us is comparable to similarly titled metrics used by other REITs. 
 We calculate property net operating income using net income and excluding adjustments to straight-line income (expense) on operating leases, amortization of intangibles and lease incentives, general and administrative expenses, acquisition related costs, the business management fee, provisions for impairment, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, gains on sale of investment properties, gains on termination of interest rate swap agreements, losses on extinguishment of debt, and interest or other income. 
 A total of 44 investment properties that were acquired on or before January 1, 2021 and classified as held and used at December 31, 2021 represent our same store properties during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Non-same store, as reflected in the table below, consists of properties acquired after January 1, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, eight properties that were acquired on May 17, 2022 constituted non-same store properties. 
 The following table presents the property net operating income broken out between same store and non-same store, prior to straight-line income, net, amortization of intangibles, interest, and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, along with a reconciliation to net loss, calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

Total 

Same Store 

Non-Same Store 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Rental income 
 
 132,030 

117,846 

14,184 

117,492 

117,846 

(354) 

14,538 

14,538 

Other property income 
 
 214 

183 

31 

112 

183 

(71) 

102 

102 

Total income 
 
 132,244 

118,029 

14,215 

117,604 

118,029 

(425) 

14,640 

14,640 

Property operating expenses 
 
 24,332 

20,845 

3,487 

21,881 

20,845 

1,036 

2,451 

2,451 

Real estate tax expense 
 
 17,210 

14,388 

2,822 

14,307 

14,388 

(81) 

2,903 

2,903 

Total property operating expenses 
 
 41,542 

35,233 

6,309 

36,188 

35,233 

955 

5,354 

5,354 

Property net operating income 
 
 90,702 

82,796 

7,906 

81,416 

82,796 

(1,380) 

9,286 

9,286 

Straight-line income, net 
 
 (37) 

(362) 

325 

Amortization of intangibles and lease incentives 
 
 698 

669 

29 

General and administrative expenses 
 
 (5,400) 

(4,784) 

(616) 

Business management fee 
 
 (10,212) 

(8,950) 

(1,262) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 (55,319) 

(48,906) 

(6,413) 

Interest expense 
 
 (33,069) 

(23,240) 

(9,829) 

Interest and other income 
 
 19 

274 

(255) 

Net loss 
 
 (12,618) 

(2,503) 

(10,115) 

Net loss. Net loss was 12,618 and 2,503 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total property net operating income. On a same store basis, comparing the results of operations of investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2022 with the results of the same investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2021, property net operating income decreased 1,380, total property income decreased 425, and total property operating expenses including real estate tax expense increased 955. 
 
 The decrease in same store total property income is primarily due to a decrease in recovery income due to lower recovery percentage and an increase in property operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 14 Leases for additional information regarding the effects of deferred rent and bad debt on rental income. 
 
 Non-same store total property net operating income increased 9,286 during 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase is a result of acquiring eight properties on May 17, 2022. On a non-same store basis, total property income increased 14,640 and total property operating expenses increased 5,354 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Straight-line income, net. Straight-line rent income, net increased 325 in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase is primarily due to the acquisition of eight properties on May 17, 2022, partially offset by lower rent abatements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 49 
 
 Amortization of intangibles and lease incentives. Income from the amortization of intangibles and lease incentives increased 29 in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of the IRPF Properties. 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses increased 616 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher legal and professional fees. 
 Business management fee. Business management fees increased 1,262 in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of IRPF Properties. 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased 6,413 in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of eight properties on May 17, 2022, partially offset by fully amortized assets in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense increased 9,829 in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in average debt outstanding driven by the acquisition of IRPF Properties and an increase in average interest rates. 
 Interest and other income. Interest and other income decreased 255 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in non-operating income. 
 Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 A total of 44 investment properties that were acquired on or before January 1, 2020 and classified as held and used at December 31, 2021 represent our same store properties during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Non-same store, as reflected in the table below, consists of properties sold after January 1, 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, three properties constituted non-same store properties. 
 The following table presents the property net operating income broken out between same store and non-same store, prior to straight-line income, net, amortization of intangibles, interest, and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, along with a reconciliation to net loss, calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

Total 

Same Store 

Non-Same Store 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the year ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Change 

2021 

2020 

Change 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Rental income 
 
 117,846 

111,782 

6,064 

117,846 

111,599 

6,247 

183 

(183) 

Other property income 
 
 183 

162 

21 

183 

162 

21 

Total income 
 
 118,029 

111,944 

6,085 

118,029 

111,761 

6,268 

183 

(183) 

Property operating expenses 
 
 20,845 

18,613 

2,232 

20,845 

18,575 

2,270 

38 

(38) 

Real estate tax expense 
 
 14,388 

14,505 

(117) 

14,388 

14,467 

(79) 

38 

(38) 

Total property operating expenses 
 
 35,233 

33,118 

2,115 

35,233 

33,042 

2,191 

76 

(76) 

Property net operating income 
 
 82,796 

78,826 

3,970 

82,796 

78,719 

4,077 

107 

(107) 

Straight-line income, net 
 
 (362) 

965 

(1,327) 

Amortization of intangibles and lease incentives 
 
 669 

1,977 

(1,308) 

General and administrative expenses 
 
 (4,784) 

(5,206) 

422 

Business management fee 
 
 (8,950) 

(8,924) 

(26) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 (48,906) 

(52,834) 

3,928 

Interest expense 
 
 (23,240) 

(25,349) 

2,109 

Interest and other income 
 
 274 

157 

117 

Net loss 
 
 (2,503) 

(10,388) 

7,885 

Net loss. Net loss was 2,503 and 10,388 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Total property net operating income. On a same store basis, comparing the results of operations of investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2021 with the results of the same investment properties owned during the year ended December 31, 2020, property income increased 6,268, and total property operating expenses including real estate tax expense increased 2,191. 
 
 The increase in same store total property income is primarily due to lower bad debt in 2021. See Note 14 Leases for additional information regarding the effects of deferred rent and bad debt on rental income. 
 
 50 
 
 Non-same store total property net operating income decreased 107 during 2021 as compared to 2020. The decrease was due to three properties sold in the first quarter of 2020. On a non-same store basis, total property income decreased 183 and total property operating expenses decreased 76 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Straight-line income, net. Straight-line rent income decreased 1,327 in 2021 compared to 2020. This decrease is primarily due to scheduled rent increases and a decrease in rent abatements in 2021. 
 Intangible amortization. Intangible amortization income decreased 1,308 in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily attributable to lower below market lease intangible write-offs in 2021. 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased 422 in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to reduced legal costs. 
 Business management fee. Business management fees increased 26 in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization decreased 3,928 in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily due to fully amortized assets and properties sold in January 2020. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense decreased 2,109 in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily due to lower average interest rates and a decrease in average debt outstanding in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 Interest and other income. Interest and other income increased 117 in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Leasing Activity 
 The following table sets forth leasing activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. Leases with terms of less than 12 months have been excluded from the table. 

Number of Leases Signed 

Gross Leasable Area 

New Contractual Rent per Square Foot 

Prior Contractual Rent per Square Foot 

Change over Prior Annualized Base Rent 

Weighted Average Lease Term 

Tenant Improvements per Square Foot 

Comparable Renewal Leases 

102 

990,242 

12.80 

12.66 

1.1 

5.0 

0.43 

Comparable New Leases 

5 

7,637 

29.47 

24.73 

19.1 

6.1 

24.01 

Non-Comparable New and Renewal Leases (a) 

69 

332,786 

15.27 

N/A 

N/A 

8.2 

14.02 

Total 

176 

1,330,665 

(a) Includes leases signed on units that were vacant for over 12 months, leases signed without fixed rent amounts and leases signed where the previous and current lease do not have similar lease structures 

51 
 
 Non GAAP Financial Measures 
 Accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP assumes the value of real estate assets is reduced over time due primarily to non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. Because real estate values may rise and fall with market conditions, operating results from real estate companies that use GAAP accounting may not present a complete view of their performance. We use Funds from Operations, or FFO , a widely accepted metric to evaluate our performance. FFO provides a supplemental measure to compare our performance and operations to other REITs. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT , has promulgated a standard known as FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. On November 7, 2018, NAREIT s Executive Board approved the White Paper restatement, effective December 15, 2018. The purpose of the restatement was not to change the fundamental definition of FFO but to clarify existing guidance. The restated definition of FFO by NAREIT is net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of certain real estate assets, excluding impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate and excluding gains and losses from change in control. We have adopted the restated NAREIT definition for computing FFO. Previously presented periods were not impacted. 
 Under GAAP, acquisition related costs are treated differently if the acquisition is a business combination or an asset acquisition. An acquisition of a single property will likely be treated as an asset acquisition as opposed to a business combination and acquisition related costs will be capitalized rather than expensed when incurred. Publicly registered, non-listed REITs typically engage in a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early years of their operations, and thus incur significant acquisition related costs, during these initial years. Although other start up entities may engage in significant acquisition activity during their initial years, publicly registered, non-listed REITs are unique in that they typically have a limited timeframe during which they acquire a significant number of properties and thus incur significant acquisition related costs. Due to the above factors and other unique features of publicly registered, non-listed REITs, the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives, or IPA , an industry trade group, published a standardized measure known as Modified Funds from Operations, or MFFO , which the IPA has promulgated as a supplemental measure for publicly registered non-listed REITs and which may be another appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a non-listed REIT. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we believe that, when compared year-over-year, both before and after we have deployed all of our Offering proceeds and are no longer incurring a significant amount of acquisition fees or other related costs, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 
 MFFO excludes expensed costs associated with investing activities, some of which are acquisition related costs that affect our operations only in periods in which properties are acquired, and other non-operating items that are included in FFO, such as straight-lining of rents as required by GAAP. By excluding costs that we consider more reflective of acquisition activities and other non-operating items, the use of MFFO provides another measure of our operating performance once our portfolio is stabilized. Because MFFO may be a recognized measure of operating performance within the non-listed REIT industry, MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it may be useful in order to evaluate our performance against other non-listed REITs. Like FFO, MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP, as detailed in the table below, and MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we continue to acquire a significant amount of properties. MFFO should only be used as a measurement of our operating performance while we are acquiring a significant amount of properties because it excludes, among other things, acquisition costs incurred during the periods in which properties were acquired. 
 We believe our definition of MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, is consistent with the IPA's Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations, or the Practice Guideline, issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for the following items, as applicable, included in the determination of GAAP net income: acquisition fees and expenses; amounts relating to straight-line rents and amortization of above and below market lease assets and liabilities, accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments; mark-to-market adjustments included in net income; nonrecurring gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. 
 Our presentation of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. We believe that the use of FFO and MFFO provides a more complete understanding of our operating performance to stockholders and to management, and when compared year over year, reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs. Neither FFO nor MFFO is intended to be an alternative to net income or to cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. Management uses FFO and MFFO to compare our operating performance to that of other REITs and to assess our operating performance. 
 52 
 
 Our FFO and MFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are calculated as follows (Dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

(12,618) 

(2,503) 

(10,388) 

Add: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 

55,319 

48,906 

52,834 

Funds from operations (FFO) 

42,701 

46,403 

42,446 

Less: 
 
 Amortization of acquired market lease intangibles, net 

(818) 

(773) 

(2,073) 

Straight-line income, net 

37 

362 

(965) 

Modified funds from operations (MFFO) 

41,920 

45,992 

39,408 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies which is included in our December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15. We have identified Impairment of Investment Properties as a critical accounting policy. 
 We consider this policy to be critical because it requires our management to use judgment in the application of accounting policy, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Impairment of Investment Properties 
 We assess the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will be required to record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties will be a significant estimate that can change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about inherently uncertain factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information related to recently issued accounting pronouncements, reference is made to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies which is included in our December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 Item 7A.	Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including those caused by changes in interest rates and commodity prices. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and commodity prices. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in interest rates. The counterparties are, and are expected to continue to be, major financial institutions. 
 53 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to purchase properties or other real estate assets and to fund capital expenditures. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding debt of 856.7 million, excluding mortgage premium and unamortized debt issuance costs, bearing interest rates ranging from 3.17 to 6.12 per annum. The weighted average interest rate was 4.40 , which includes the effect of interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average years to maturity for our mortgages and credit facility payable was 3.6 years. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our fixed-rate debt consisted of secured mortgage financings with a carrying value of 112.3 million and a fair value of 102.5 million. Changes in interest rates do not affect interest expense incurred on our fixed-rate debt until their maturity or earlier repayment, but interest rates do affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt obligations. If market interest rates were to increase by 1 (100 basis points), the fair market value of our fixed-rate debt would decrease by 2.7 million at December 31, 2022. If market interest rates were to decrease by 1 (100 basis points), the fair market value of our fixed-rate debt would increase by 2.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 152.0 million of debt or 17.7 of our total debt, excluding mortgage premium and unamortized debt issuance costs, bearing interest at variable rates with a weighted average interest rate equal to 6.09 per annum. We had variable rate debt subject to swap agreements of 592.3 million, or 69.1 of our total debt, excluding mortgage premium and unamortized debt issuance costs, at December 31, 2022. 
 If interest rates on all debt which bears interest at variable rates as of December 31, 2022 increased by 1 (100 basis points), the increase in interest expense on all debt would decrease earnings and cash flows by 1.5 million annually. If interest rates on all debt which bears interest at variable rates as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 1 (100 basis points), interest expense would increase earnings and cash flows by the same amount. 
 With regard to variable rate financing, our Business Manager assesses our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. Our Business Manager maintains risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both of our outstanding or forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. 
 We use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions are determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge. We have used derivative financial instruments, specifically interest rate swap contracts, to hedge against interest rate fluctuations on variable rate debt, which exposes us to both credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us because the counterparty may not perform. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. We seek to manage the market risk associated with interest-rate contracts by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. There is no assurance we will be successful. 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, the authority which regulates LIBOR, announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative to LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. Subsequently, in November 2020, the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration Limited IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, announced that it would consult on its intention to cease the publication of the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings immediately following December 31, 2021 and the remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. While we expect the tenors of LIBOR that would be relevant to the Company to be available in substantially their current forms through June 30, 2023, it is possible that one or more of such LIBOR tenors will become unavailable prior to that time. 
 On February 3, 2022, we refinanced our Credit Facility, and the interest rate benchmark used in this agreement has changed from LIBOR to SOFR. On December 1, 2022, we amended our Credit Facility, and the interest rate benchmark used in this agreement has changed from LIBOR to SOFR. On the same date, we also amended the mortgage and associated interest swap agreements for one of the two 
 54 
 
 remaining mortgages that was indexed to LIBOR to now be indexed to SOFR. The last remaining mortgage still indexed to LIBOR matures on July 1, 2023, which is when LIBOR is expected to convert to SOFR. We expect to pay off that loan in advance of that date. 
 Derivatives 
 For information related to derivatives, reference is made to Note 7 Debt and Derivative Instruments which is included in our December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15. 
 Item 8.	Financial Stateme nts and Supplementary Data 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements are included under Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9.	Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A.	Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to permanent rules adopted by the SEC, permitting the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B.	Other Information 
 We entered into a Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement with our Business Manager on March 23, 2023, which will take effect on April 1, 2023. For a description of the Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence - Business Management Agreement below in this Annual Report. For a description of the material differences between our Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement and our Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement that will supersede it on April 1, 2023, please see Note 16 Subsequent Events - Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement that is included in our December 31, 2022, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. To see the Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement in its entirety, please see Exhibit 10.25 in the Exhibit Index to this Annual Report and the corresponding copy of the agreement included as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 
 Item 9C.	Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 55 
 
 Part III 
 Item 10.	Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance 
 Our directors and executive officers and their positions and ages are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Daniel L. Goodwin 
 
 79 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Lee A. Daniels 
 
 80 
 
 Lead Independent Director 

Stephen L. Davis 
 
 65 
 
 Independent Director 

Gwen Henry 
 
 82 
 
 Independent Director 

Bernard J. Michael 
 
 63 
 
 Independent Director 

Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 70 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Daniel Zatloukal 
 
 42 
 
 Senior Vice President 

Judith Fu 
 
 61 
 
 Vice President 

Cathleen M. Hrtanek 
 
 46 
 
 Secretary 

As of January 1, 2023 
 Daniel L. Goodwin, 79. Director and the chairman of our board since July 2012. Mr. Goodwin has also served as a director of the Business Manager since August 2011. Mr. Goodwin is the Chairman and CEO of Inland, headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois. Inland is comprised of separate real estate investment and financial companies with managed assets with a value of approximately 10.5 billion, doing business nationwide with a presence in 43 states, as of December 31, 2021. Inland owns and manages properties in all real estate sectors, including retail, office, industrial and apartments. Mr. Goodwin owns a majority of the equity interests in The Inland Group, LLC and is its controlling member and has served as its Chairman and CEO since its founding. The Inland Group, LLC is the indirect parent of IREIC and our business manager and real estate manager. Mr. Goodwin also serves as a director or officer of entities wholly owned or controlled by The Inland Group LLC. In addition, Mr. Goodwin has served as the chairman of the board of Inland Mortgage Investment Corporation since March 1990, chairman, director and chief executive officer of Inland Bancorp, Inc., a bank holding company, since January 2001 and chairman of the board of IREIC since January 2017. Mr. Goodwin also served as a director of Inland Real Estate Corporation (n/k/a IRC Retail Centers LLC) IRC from 2001 until its merger in March 2016, and served as its chairman of the board from 2004 to April 2008. Mr. Goodwin served as a director and the chairman of the board of Inland Residential Properties Trust, Inc. IRPT and as a director and the chairman of the board of the IRPT business manager, both from December 2013 until each company s liquidation and dissolution in October 2019. Mr. Goodwin has served as chairman of Inland InPoint Advisor, LLC since October 2016, as a director and chairman of the board of MH Ventures Fund II, Inc. and its business manager, since September 2020, and as a director of IPCC since 2004. He also served as the chairman of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Public Non-Listed REIT Council from January 2010 through December 2017, and as a past Vice Chairman of the Chicago Better Government Association. 
 Housing . Mr. Goodwin is a member of the National Association of Realtors President s Circle, the National Association of Realtors Hall of Fame, the Illinois Association of Realtors Hall of Fame and the Chicago Association of Realtors Hall of Fame. He is also the author of a nationally recognized real estate reference book for the management of residential properties. Mr. Goodwin served on the Board of the Illinois State Affordable Housing Trust Fund. He served as an advisor for the Office of Housing Coordination Services of the State of Illinois, and as a member of the Seniors Housing Committee of the National Multifamily Housing Council. He has served as Chairman of the DuPage County Affordable Housing Task Force. Mr. Goodwin also founded New Directions Housing Corporation, a not-for-profit entity that develops affordable housing for low income individuals. 
 Education . Mr. Goodwin obtained his bachelor s degree from Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago and his master s degree from Northern Illinois University in DeKalb. Following graduation, he taught for five years in the Chicago Public Schools. Mr. Goodwin has served as a member of the Board of Governors of Illinois State Colleges and Universities, vice chairman of the Board of Trustees of Benedictine University, vice chairman of the Board of Trustees of Springfield College, and chairman of the Board of Trustees of Northeastern Illinois University. 
 Our board believes that Mr. Goodwin s 50 years of experience in real estate investing, commercial real estate brokerage, real estate securities, land development, construction and mortgage banking and commercial lending, make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Lee A. Daniels, 80 . Independent director since February 2012 and Lead Independent Director since September 2017. Mr. Daniels served as Chairman of our board's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from 2015 until November 2022 and remains a member 
 56 
 
 of that committee as well as our board's Audit Committee. Mr. Daniels served on the Board of Trustees of Kite Realty Group Kite from 2014 to 2021 and was s a member of the Kite Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Mr. Daniels served on the board of directors of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. Inland Diversified from its inception in 2008 until its merger with Kite in 2014. 
 In February 2007, Mr. Daniels founded Lee Daniels Associates, LLC, a consulting firm for government and community relations. Prior to that, Mr. Daniels was an equity partner at the Chicago law firm of Bell Boyd Lloyd from 1992 to 2006, an equity partner at Katten, Muchin Zavis from 1982 to 1991, and an equity partner at Daniels Faris from 1967 to 1982. Mr. Daniels served as Special Assistant Attorney General for the State of Illinois from 1971 to 1974. He served as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1975 to 2007, was the Republican Leader from 1983 to 1995 and 1998 to 2003, and was Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1995 to 1997. 
 Mr. Daniels currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Haymarket Center, a nonprofit behavioral health treatment center located in Chicago, Illinois. He served as the Chairman of the Presidential Search Committee for the College of DuPage from 2015 to 2016. He previously served on the Elmhurst Memorial Healthcare Board of Trustees from 1981 to 2013, the Board of Governors from 1990 to 2013, and the Elmhurst Memorial Hospital Foundation Board from 1980 to 1984 and 2013. Other boards Mr. Daniels has served on include the Suburban Bank and Trust Company of Elmhurst Board of Directors from 1994 to 1996, the Elmhurst Federal Savings and Loan Association Board of Directors from 1991 to 1994, and the DuPage Easter Seals Board of Directors from 1970 to 1973. 
 Mr. Daniels received his bachelor s degree from the University of Iowa and his law degree from The John Marshall Law School in Chicago. He received a Distinguished Alumni Award from both The John Marshall Law School and the University of Iowa, and an Honorary Doctor of Laws from Elmhurst College. 
 Our board believes that Mr. Daniels depth of knowledge and experience, based on his 50 years of legal practice and experience in commercial real estate, make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Stephen L. Davis , 65. Independent director since February 2012. Mr. Davis serves as a member of the Audit Committee and has been the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since November 2022. Mr. Davis has served as a member of the board of directors of Heska Corporation (NASDAQ: HSKA) since August 2020 and as a member of that company s audit committee and as the chair of its corporate governance committee in each case since February 2021. Mr. Davis has over 30 years of experience in real estate development. Mr. Davis has been the president of The Will Group, Inc., a construction company, since founding the company in 1986. In his position with The Will Group, Mr. Davis was instrumental in the construction of Kennedy King College campus, located in Chicago, Illinois, and the coordination of the Plan For Transformation for Altgeld Gardens, a public housing development located in Chicago, Illinois. Since October 2003, Mr. Davis has also overseen property management operations for several properties owned by a family-owned real estate trust. 
 Since March 2004, Mr. Davis has served as commissioner of aviation (board chair) of the DuPage County Airport Authority, in DuPage County, Illinois, which oversees management of the DuPage County Airport, Prairie Landing Golf Course and the 500-acre DuPage County Business Park. From 2006 to 2016, Mr. Davis served as a director of Wheaton Bank Trust, where he was a member of the loan committee, which was responsible for reviewing and analyzing residential and commercial loan portfolios, developer credentials and viability, home builders and commercial and industrial loans. Mr. Davis obtained his bachelor degree from the University of Tennessee, located in Knoxville. 
 Our board believes that Mr. Davis prior real estate development experience and his leadership qualities make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Gwen Henry, 82 . Independent director since February 2012. Ms. Henry serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Ms. Henry currently serves as the Treasurer of DuPage County, Illinois, a position she has held since December 2006. In this position, Ms. Henry is responsible for the custody and distribution of DuPage County funds. In addition, from April 1981 to 2019, Ms. Henry was a partner at Dugan Lopatka, a regional accounting firm, and a member of the firm s controllership and consulting services practice, where she specialized in financial consulting and tax and business planning for privately-held companies. Since December 2009, Ms. Henry has also served as a member of the Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund, a 52 billion fund which has investments in excess of 1.2 billion allocated to real estate. She currently serves as chair of the investment committee, and is a member of the audit committee and the legislative committee of the fund. 
 Ms. Henry previously served as DuPage County Forest Preserve Commissioner (from December 2002 to November 2006) and as chair to the special committee responsible for the DuPage County Budget (from December 2002 to November 2004), and was a member of the DuPage County Finance Committee (from November 1996 to November 2002). Ms. Henry also has held a number of board and chair positions for organizations such as the Marianjoy Rehabilitation Hospital (as treasurer from June 2002 to May 2008), the Central DuPage Health System (as chairperson of the board from October 1995 to September 1999), and the Central DuPage Hospital 
 57 
 
 Foundation (as director from October 2002 to present). She was elected Mayor of the City of Wheaton, Illinois from March 1990 to December 2002. 
 Ms. Henry received her bachelor degree from the University of Kansas, located in Lawrence, Kansas. She is a certified public accountant, a designated certified public funds investment manager and a certified public finance administrator. 
 Our board believes that Ms. Henry s over 35 years of public accounting experience makes her well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Bernard J. Michael, 63. Independent director since September 2014. Mr. Michael serves as a member of the Audit Committee and, since September 2017, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Michael is a managing partner and founding member of AWH Partners, LLC, a privately held real estate investment, development and management firm. Since 2010, AWH has completed in excess of 1.4 billion of hotel investments, and is managing or has completed hotel redevelopment projects totaling more than 300 million. In early 2012, AWH acquired Lane Hospitality, which it rebranded as Spire Hospitality, a top-tier national hospitality platform formed in 1980. 
 Mr. Michael has over 25 years of experience as a real estate attorney working on sophisticated real estate transactions across all asset classes for some of the world's largest property owners, developers and lenders. Prior to founding AWH Partners, Mr. Michael was the founder and senior partner of Michael, Levitt Rubenstein, LLC, a law firm focusing on real estate sales, acquisitions, development, leasing and financing. Mr. Michael and his team worked on some of the largest transactions in New York City, including the development of Time Warner Center and the Hudson Yards projects for The Related Companies. In addition, Mr. Michael and his firm represented developers on major multi-family, retail, office and hospitality projects in China, Saudi Arabia, and in most major cities across the United States. 
 Prior to forming Michael Levitt, Mr. Michael was a partner in the Real Estate Group at Proskauer Rose, LLP. Prior to that, Mr. Michael was an attorney at Weil, Gotschal Manges and Shea Gould. Mr. Michael is a graduate of Brown University and New York University School of Law. 
 Our board believes that Mr. Michael s prior business experience and his leadership qualities make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon, 70. Director since September 2014, our chief executive officer since April 2014 and our president since December 2016. Mr. Sabshon has also served as a director and president of the Business Manager since October 2013 and December 2016, respectively. Mr. Sabshon is also currently the chief executive officer, president and a director of IREIC, positions he has held since August 2013, January 2014 and September 2013, respectively. He is a director, the president and chief executive officer of the IRPT business manager since December 2013 and was a director and the president and chief executive officer of IRPT from December 2013 until December 2019. Mr. Sabshon is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Inland Venture Partners, LLC, a position he has held since November 2018, Chief Executive Officer of Inland Ventures MHC Manager, LLC, a position he has held since December 2018, and Chief Executive Officer and director of MH Ventures Fund II, Inc. and its business manager, positions he has held since September 2020. Mr. Sabshon also serves as the chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of InPoint Commercial Real Estate Income, Inc. InPoint ), positions he has held since September 2016 and October 2016, respectively, and as the chief executive officer of the InPoint advisor since August 2016. Mr. Sabshon has served as a trustee on the board of trustees of Seritage Growth Properties (NYSE: SRG) since April 2022. Mr. Sabshon has also served as a director and chairman of the board of IPCC since September 2013 and January 2015, respectively, and a director of Inland Securities Corporation Inland Securities since January 2014. He has also served as chief executive officer of Inland Venture Partners, LLC since November 2018. 
 Prior to joining Inland, Mr. Sabshon served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Cole Real Estate Investments, where he oversaw the company's finance, leasing, property management and asset management operations. Prior to joining Cole, Mr. Sabshon held several senior executive positions at leading financial services firms. He spent almost 10 years at Goldman, Sachs Co. in various leadership roles including President and CEO of Goldman Sachs Commercial Mortgage Capital. He also served as a Senior Vice President in Lehman Brothers' real estate investment banking group. Prior to joining Lehman Brothers, Mr. Sabshon was an attorney in the corporate and real estate structured finance practice groups at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom in New York. Mr. Sabshon is also a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers, the Urban Land Institute, the National Association of Corporate Directors, a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Friends of Hebrew University - Midwest Region and the Board of Directors of Timeline Theatre Company. Mr. Sabshon is also a member of the New York State Bar, a former Chairman Emeritus of the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives and holds the Board Leadership Fellowship designation of the National Association of Corporate Directors. He also holds a real estate broker license in New York. He received his undergraduate degree from George Washington University and his law degree at Hofstra University School of Law. 
 58 
 
 Our board believes that Mr. Sabshon s extensive finance and real estate experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 Catherine L. Lynch, 64. Our chief financial officer since April 2014 and treasurer since April 2018, and a director of the Business Manager since August 2011, Ms. Lynch joined Inland in 1989 and has been a director of The Inland Group LLC since June 2012. She serves as the treasurer and secretary (since January 1995), the chief financial officer (since January 2011) and a director (since April 2011) of IREIC and as a director (since July 2000) and chief financial officer and secretary (since June 1995) of Inland Securities. She also served as the chief financial officer of IRPT and the IRPT business manager from December 2013 until October 2019. She also served as the treasurer of the IRPT business manager from December 2013 to October 2014. Ms. Lynch also serves as the chief financial officer and treasurer (since October 2016) of InPoint and as the chief financial officer and treasurer of the InPoint advisor (since August 2016). Ms. Lynch also has served as a director of IPCC since May 2012. Ms. Lynch served as the treasurer of Inland Capital Markets Group, Inc. from January 2008 until October 2010, as a director and treasurer of Inland Investment Advisors, LLC from June 1995 to December 2014 and as a director and treasurer of Inland Institutional Capital, LLC from May 2006 to December 2014. Ms. Lynch worked for KPMG Peat Marwick LLP from 1980 to 1989. Ms. Lynch received her bachelor degree in accounting from Illinois State University in Normal. Ms. Lynch is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois CPA Society. Ms. Lynch also is registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA as a financial operations principal. 
 Daniel Zatloukal, 42. Our senior vice president since December 2021, Mr. Zatloukal also serves as executive vice president and head of asset and portfolio management for all investment programs sponsored by our sponsor, Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation IREIC ), positions he has held since 2015. He also serves as senior vice president of IPCC, an affiliate of IREIC, a position he has held since 2014. IPC offers replacement properties for Section 1031 exchange transactions as well as multiple-owner real estate investment solutions and as of September 30, 2021, has sponsored 279 private placement programs and has more than 9 billion in assets under management. Mr. Zatloukal was president of Inland Investment Real Estate Services, Inc. from October 2015 through June 2017 and was responsible for overseeing all of IREIC s real estate services group, which includes property management, leasing and asset management for commercial and residential portfolios owned or managed by IREIC and its affiliates. Prior to rejoining Inland at IPC in 2013, Mr. Zatloukal served as vice president of capital markets at Jones Lang LaSalle in Atlanta. He received his bachelor s degree in finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 
 Judith Fu, 61. Our vice president since December 2021, and the vice president of the Business Manager since January 2022. Ms. Fu joined Inland in 2005 and currently also serves as a vice president of IREIC, a position she has held since August 2018. As chief of staff of IREIC, Ms. Fu provides organizational support to the executive management team of IREIC and its subsidiaries so that they are better able to achieve their respective missions, strategic initiatives and financial objectives. Ms. Fu also served as Chief Compliance Officer for the registered investment advisor subsidiaries of Inland Mortgage Corporation from August 2008 to August 2010. In 2010, Ms. Fu began working for IREIC as the executive assistant to its then CEO. While holding this position, she also acted as the chief compliance officer for Inland Institutional Capital Partners from March 2012 to September 2014. Ms. Fu holds FINRA Series 24, 63, 65 and 7 licenses and previously was a licensed managing real estate broker in the State of Illinois. Ms. Fu has a B.S. degree from Loyola University Chicago. 
 Cathleen M. Hrtanek , 46. Our corporate secretary, and the secretary of the Business Manager, since August 2011. Ms. Hrtanek joined Inland in 2005 and is currently assistant general counsel and vice president of The Inland Real Estate Group, LLC. In her capacity as assistant general counsel, Ms. Hrtanek represents many of the entities that are part of The Inland Real Estate Group of Companies on a variety of legal matters. Ms. Hrtanek also has served as secretary of MH Ventures Fund II, Inc. and its business manager since September 2020, the secretary of the InPoint advisor since August 2016, assistant secretary of InPoint since August 2019, secretary of IRPT and its business manager from December 2013 to October 2019, secretary of Inland Opportunity Business Manager Advisor, Inc. since April 2009, secretary of Inland Diversified from September 2008 through July 2014 and its business manager from September 2008 through March 2016, and secretary of IPCC from August 2009 through May 2017. Prior to joining Inland, Ms. Hrtanek was employed by Wildman Harrold Allen Dixon LLP in Chicago, Illinois from September 2001 until 2005. Ms. Hrtanek has been admitted to practice law in the State of Illinois. Ms. Hrtanek received her bachelor degree from the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana and her law degree from Loyola University Chicago School of Law. 
 Board of Directors 
 Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 
 We have separated the roles of the president and chairman of the board in recognition of the differences between the two roles. Mr. Sabshon, in his role as both our president and chief executive officer and the president and chief executive officer of the Business Manager, is responsible for setting the strategic direction for the Company and for providing the day-to-day leadership of the Company. Mr. Goodwin, as chairman of the board, organizes the work of the board and ensures that the board has access to sufficient information to carry out its functions. Mr. Goodwin presides over meetings of the board of directors and stockholders, establishes the agenda for each meeting and oversees the distribution of information to directors. 
 59 
 
 Lee A. Daniels currently serves as our Lead Independent Director. Although each board member is kept apprised of our business and developments impacting our business, our board determined to designate a Lead Independent Director to coordinate the activities of the independent directors and serve as the principal liaison between the independent directors and the chairman of the board. 
 The Lead Independent Director presides at meetings when the chairman of the board is absent; establishes board meeting agendas in collaboration with the chairman of the board and the various committee chairs and recommends matters for the board and committees to consider; advises the chairman of the board as to the quality, quantity and timeliness of the information submitted to the directors that is appropriate for the directors to effectively perform their duties and approves the information submitted to them; calls meetings of the independent directors or calls for executive sessions during board meetings; and presides at meetings of the independent directors or executive sessions of the board. The Lead Independent Director also performs such other responsibilities as the board may determine. 
 Our board believes that its Lead Independent Director structure, including the duties and responsibilities described above, provides the same independent leadership, oversight, and benefits for the Company and the board that would be provided by an independent chairman of the board. Our full board of directors, including our independent directors, is responsible for approving all material transactions, and each transaction between us and the Business Manager or its affiliates must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors, including a majority of our independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction. In addition, each board member is kept apprised of our business and developments impacting our business and has complete and open access to the members of our management team, the Business Manager and our real estate manager, Inland Commercial Real Estate Services LLC (our Real Estate Manager ). 
 Our board is actively involved in overseeing risk management for the Company. Our board of directors oversees risk through: (1) its review and discussion of regular periodic reports to the board of directors and its committees, including management reports and studies on existing market conditions, leasing activity and property operating data, as well as actual and projected financial results, and various other matters relating to our business; (2) the required approval by the board of directors of material transactions, including, among others, acquisitions and dispositions of properties, financings and our agreements with the Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager and the ancillary service providers; (3) the oversight of our business by the audit committee; and (4) its review and discussion of regular periodic reports from our independent registered public accounting firm and other outside consultants regarding various areas of potential risk, including, among others, those relating to the qualification of the Company as a REIT for tax purposes and our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Communicating with Directors 
 Stockholders wishing to communicate with our board and the individual directors may send communications by letter, e-mail or telephone, in care of our corporate secretary, who will review and forward all correspondence to the appropriate person or persons for a response. 
 Our non-retaliation policy, also known as our whistleblower policy, prohibits us from retaliating or taking any adverse action against our employees (if we ever have employees), or the employees of the Business Manager or its affiliates, for raising a concern, including concerns about accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. Employees may raise their concerns by contacting our compliance officer at (630) 218-8000. In addition, confidential complaints involving the Company s accounting, auditing, and internal auditing controls and disclosure practices may be raised anonymously via email or mail as described in our non-retaliation policy. A complete copy of our non-retaliation policy may be found on our website at www.inland-investments.com/inland-income-trust under the Corporate Governance tab. 
 Anti-Hedging Policy 
 The insider trading policy of IREIC and its affiliated entities, including our Business Manager and Real Estate Manager, prohibits officers, directors and employees of these entities, including our executive officers, from engaging, without the prior written consent of the applicable employer, in hedging or monetization transactions such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts that allow a person to lock in a portion of the value of his or her shares in any Inland entity or any entity sponsored by or advised by IREIC or by any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. This includes shares of our common stock. Because there is no established public trading market for our common stock and we do not have any employees, the Company itself has not separately adopted any specific practices or policies regarding the ability of our directors, officers or employees to purchase financial instruments or otherwise engage in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of our common stock or any other securities that we might issue. 
 Committees of our Board of Directors 
 Audit Committee. Our board has formed a separately-designated standing audit committee, comprised of Ms. Henry and Messrs. Daniels, Davis and Michael, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. Ms. Henry serves as the chairperson of this committee, and our board has determined that Ms. Henry qualifies as an audit committee 
 60 
 
 financial expert as defined by the SEC. The audit committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to, among other things: (1) the integrity of our financial statements; (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (3) the qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee . Our board has formed a nominating and corporate governance committee consisting of Ms. Henry and Messrs. Daniels, Davis and Michael, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. Mr. Davis serves as the chairman of this committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: (1) identifying individuals qualified to serve on the board and the nominating and corporate governance committee and recommending to the board a slate of director nominees for election by the stockholders at the annual meeting; (2) periodically reevaluating any corporate governance policies and principles adopted by the board, including recommending any amendments thereto if appropriate; and (3) overseeing an annual evaluation of the board. The nominating and corporate governance committee is also responsible for considering director nominees submitted by stockholders. 
 The committee considers all qualified candidates identified by members of the committee, by other members of the board of directors, by the Business Manager and by stockholders. In recommending candidates for director positions, the committee takes into account many factors and evaluates each director candidate in light of, among other things, the candidate s knowledge, experience, judgment and skills such as an understanding of the real estate industry or financial industry or accounting or financial management expertise. Other considerations include the candidate s independence from conflict with the Company, the Business Manager and the Sponsor and the ability of the candidate to devote an appropriate amount of effort to board duties. The committee also focuses on persons who are actively engaged in their occupations or professions or are otherwise regularly involved in the business, professional or academic community. The committee also considers diversity in its broadest sense, including persons diverse in geography, gender and ethnicity as well as representing diverse experiences, skills and backgrounds. The committee evaluates each individual candidate by considering all of these factors as a whole, favoring active deliberation rather than the use of rigid formulas to assign relative weights to these factors. 
 Other Committees. Our board does not have a compensation committee or charter that governs the compensation process. Instead, the full board of directors performs the functions of a compensation committee, including reviewing and approving all forms of compensation for our independent directors that have been reviewed and recommended by our nominating and corporate governance committee. In addition, our independent directors determine, at least annually, that the compensation that we contract to pay to the Business Manager is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed or to be performed, and is within the limits prescribed by our charter and applicable law. Our board does not believe that it requires a separate compensation committee at this time because we neither separately compensate our executive officers for their service as officers, nor do we reimburse either the Business Manager or our Real Estate Manager for any compensation paid to their employees who also serve as our executive officers. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our board has adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (if we ever have employees) which is available on our website at www.inland-investments.com/inland-income-trust under the Corporate Governance tab. In addition, printed copies of the code of ethics are available to any stockholder, without charge, by writing us at 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, Attention: Investor Services. 
 Any waivers of the provisions of the code of ethics for executive officers or directors may be granted only in exceptional circumstances by our board or a committee of our board. Any waivers will be promptly disclosed to the extent required by law. Any amendments to the code of ethics must also be approved by our board. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code of ethics to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions, we may, rather than filing a Current Report on Form 8-K, satisfy the disclosure requirement by posting such information on our website as necessary. 
 61 
 
 Item 11.	Executi ve Compensation 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 All of our executive officers are officers of IREIC or one or more of its affiliates and are compensated by those entities, in part, for services rendered to us. We neither compensate our executive officers nor reimburse either the Business Manager or Real Estate Manager for any compensation paid to individuals who also serve as our executive officers, or the executive officers of the Business Manager, our Real Estate Manager or their respective affiliates; provided that, for these purposes, a corporate secretary is not considered an executive officer. As a result, we do not have, and our board of directors has not considered, a compensation policy or program for our executive officers and has not included a Compensation Discussion and Analysis, a report from our board of directors with respect to executive compensation, a non-binding stockholder advisory vote on compensation of executives, a non-binding stockholder advisory vote on the frequency of the stockholder vote on executive compensation or the pay ratio between employees and our principal executive officer. The fees we pay to the Business Manager and Real Estate Manager under the business management agreement or the real estate management agreement, respectively, are described in more detail under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 In the future, our board may decide to pay annual compensation or bonuses or long-term compensation awards to one or more persons for services as officers. We also may, from time to time, grant restricted shares of our common stock to one or more of our officers. If we decide to pay our named executive officers in the future, the board of directors will review all forms of compensation and approve all stock option grants, warrants, stock appreciation rights and other current or deferred compensation payable to the executive officers with respect to the current or future value of our shares. In addition, the board will include the non-binding stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation and on the frequency of stockholder votes on executive compensation in the relevant proxy statement as required pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. 
 Independent Director Compensation 
 The following table summarizes compensation earned by the independent directors for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Dollar amounts in thousands): 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Stock Awards (1) 

Options Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All Other Compensation (2) 

Total Compensation 

Lee A. Daniels 

95 

24 

3 

122 

Stephen L. Davis 

82 

24 

3 

109 

Gwen Henry 

95 

24 

3 

122 

Bernard J. Michael 

82 

24 

3 

109 

(1) Represents 1,188 restricted shares granted on November 8, 2022 to each director. 

(2) Represents the value of distributions received during the year ended December 31, 2022 on all stock awards received through December 31, 2022. 

Cash Compensation 
 We pay our independent directors an annual fee of 44,000 plus 2,000 for each in-person meeting of the board and 750 for each meeting of the board attended by telephone; we also pay our independent directors 1,400 for each in-person meeting of each committee of the board and 550 for each meeting of each committee of the board attended by telephone. We pay the chairperson of the nominating and corporate governance committee of our board an annual fee of 8,500 and the chairperson of the audit committee of our board an annual fee of 13,200. We pay the Lead Independent Director an annual fee of 5,000. 
 We reimburse all of our directors for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in attending meetings. Each independent director may elect to receive payment of all or a portion of his or her fee in the form of unrestricted shares in lieu of cash pursuant to our employee and director restricted share plan (the RSP and may elect to defer the receipt of all or a portion of his or her fee pursuant to our director deferred compensation plan (the DDCP ). We do not compensate any director that also is an employee of the Business Manager or its affiliates. 
 Stock Compensation 
 62 
 
 On March 21, 2016 the board of directors approved the RSP, which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders at the annual stockholders meeting on June 16, 2016. The RSP provides us with the ability to grant awards of restricted shares and restricted share units to directors, officers and employees (if we ever have employees) of us, our affiliate or the Business Manager. Under the RSP, on the date of the annual stockholders meeting in 2022, each independent director received an award of restricted shares of common stock having a fair market value as of the date of grant equal to 24,000. Restricted shares and restricted share units issued to independent directors pursuant to these grants vest over a three-year period following the respective date of grant in increments of 33-1/3 per annum, subject to their continued service as directors until each vesting date, and become fully vested earlier upon a liquidity event or upon the termination of a director by reason of his or her death or disability. The total number of common shares granted under the RSP may not exceed 5.0 of our outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis at any time (as such number may be adjusted to reflect any increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares resulting from a stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split or similar change in our capitalization). 
 Other restricted share awards entitle the recipient to receive shares of common stock from us under terms that provide for vesting over a specified period of time or upon attainment of pre-established performance objectives. Such awards would typically be forfeited with respect to the unvested shares upon the termination of the recipient s employment or service as a director for any reason other than death or disability or, if applicable, the termination of the business management agreement with the Business Manager. Restricted shares may not, in general, be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are removed and the shares have vested. Holders of restricted shares have the right to vote such shares and may receive distributions prior to the time that the restrictions on the restricted shares have lapsed. As of December 31, 2022, there were 9,172 unvested restricted shares and no unvested restricted share units outstanding under the RSP. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Effective November 9, 2016, we adopted the DDCP approved by our board that provides a deferred compensation arrangement to our independent directors and their beneficiaries. Under the DDCP, independent directors may elect to defer the receipt of all or a portion of their cash and stock compensation. Eligible cash compensation that is deferred is credited to a book entry account established for each participant in an amount equal to the amount deferred, and restricted share units are issued under the RSP in lieu of all or a portion of stock compensation otherwise payable in restricted shares. A participant has a fully vested right to his cash deferral amounts, and the deferred share unit awards will vest on the same terms and schedule as the underlying eligible stock compensation would have otherwise been subject if granted in restricted shares. Unless otherwise determined by the board, while restricted share units are unvested, participants will be credited with dividend equivalents equal in value to those declared and paid on shares of Company common stock, on all restricted share units granted to them. These dividend equivalents will be regarded as having been reinvested in restricted share units, and will only be paid to the extent the underlying restricted share units vest. Payment of restricted share units will be made, to the extent vested, in shares of Company common stock, unless otherwise determined by the board. Except as otherwise determined by the board, account balances under the DDCP will not be credited with interest or any other credits, although the Company may permit an account to be credited with earnings with respect to restricted share units. 
 The DDCP provides our board with the discretion to amend, suspend or terminate the DDCP at any time, provided that any amendment, suspension or termination will not be made if it would substantially impair the rights of any participant under the DDCP. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 We have no employees and do not compensate our executive officers. See the discussion under Compensation of Executive Officers above for additional detail regarding compensation and the discussion under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions above for disclosures called for by Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 12.	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Stock Owned by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Based on a review of filings with the SEC, the following table reflects the amount of common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) by (1) persons that beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (2) our directors and each nominee for director; (3) our executive officers; and (4) our directors and executive officers as a group. All information is as of March 22, 2023. 
 63 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 

Percent of Class 

Daniel L. Goodwin, Director and Chairman of the Board (3) 

298,206 

Lee A. Daniels, Lead Independent Director (4) 

8,307 

Gwen Henry, Independent Director (5) 

6,700 

Stephen L. Davis, Independent Director (6) 

6,537 

Bernard J. Michael, Independent Director (7) 

6,226 

Mitchell A. Sabshon, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (8) 

2,654 

Catherine L. Lynch, Chief Financial Officer (9) 

931 

Judith Fu, Vice President (10) 

642 

Cathleen M. Hrtanek, Secretary (11) 

222 

Daniel Zatloukal, Senior Vice President 

All officers and directors as a group (10 persons) 

330,425 

____________ 

Less than 1 
 (1) The business address of each person listed in the table is c/o Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523. 

(2) All fractional ownership amounts have been rounded to the nearest whole number. 

(3) Mr. Goodwin shares voting and dispositive power with his wife over 5,556 shares. Mr. Goodwin s beneficial ownership includes 141,582 shares owned by the Goodwin 2012 Descendants Trust, 36,176 shares owned by a 2012 Gift Trust, 18,004 shares owned by another 2012 Gift Trust and 96,889 shares owned by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. Mr. Goodwin s wife, as trustee, has sole voting and investment power over the shares owned by the Goodwin 2012 Descendants Trust. Mr. Goodwin controls the voting and disposition decisions with respect to the shares owned by the two 2012 Gift Trusts and Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. 

(4) Includes 2,293 unvested restricted shares. Mr. Daniels has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares that he beneficially owns. 

(5) Includes 2,293 unvested restricted shares. Ms. Henry shares voting and dispositive power with her husband over all of the shares that they own. 

(6) Includes 2,293 unvested restricted shares. Mr. Davis has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares that he beneficially owns. 

(7) Includes 2,293 unvested restricted shares. Mr. Michael has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares that he beneficially owns. 

(8) Mr. Sabshon has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares that he beneficially owns. 

(9) Ms. Lynch shares voting and dispositive power with her husband over all of the shares that they own. 

(10) Ms. Fu has sole voting and investment power over all shares that she beneficially owns. 

(11) Ms. Hrtanek has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares that she beneficially owns. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under the RSP 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the RSP as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders 

1,786,570 

Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,786,570 

Item 13.	Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Set forth below is a summary of the material transactions between the Company and various affiliates of IREIC, including the Business Manager and Real Estate Manager, that have occurred since January 1, 2022, or are currently proposed. IREIC is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of The Inland Group LLC. Please see the biographical information of our directors and executive officers elsewhere in this Annual Report for information regarding their relationships to Inland, including IREIC and The Inland Group LLC. 
 64 
 
 Business Management Agreement 
 We entered into a Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement on October 15, 2021, with IREIT Business Manager Advisor Inc., which serves as the Business Manager with responsibility for overseeing and managing our day-to-day operations. This agreement is described in this section of the Annual Report and will be effective until April 1, 2023, whereupon a Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement entered into on March 23, 2023, will take effect. For details regarding certain differences between these two agreements, including changes to certain terms and conditions in the Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, please see Note 16 Subsequent Events - Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement that is included in our December 31, 2022, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Annual Report. To see the Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement in its entirety, please see Exhibit 10.25 in the Exhibit Index to this Annual Report and the corresponding copy of the agreement included as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 
 Subject to satisfying the criteria described below, we pay the Business Manager an annual business management fee equal to 0.65 of our average invested assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.1625 of our average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter; provided that the Business Manager may decide, in its sole discretion, to be paid an amount less than the total amount to which it is entitled in any particular quarter, and the excess amount that is not paid may, in the Business Manager s sole discretion, be waived permanently or deferred or accrued, without interest, to be paid at a later point in time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Business Manager was entitled to a business management fee of approximately 10.2 million, of which approximately 2.7 million remained unpaid as of December 31, 2022. 
 As used herein, average invested assets means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of our assets, including all intangibles and goodwill, invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in, and loans secured by, properties, as well as amounts invested in securities and consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures or other partnerships, before reserves for amortization and depreciation or bad debts, impairments or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the relevant calendar quarter. 
 If the business management agreement is terminated, including in connection with the internalization of the functions performed by the Business Manager, the obligation to pay this business management fee will terminate. 
 Upon a triggering event, we will pay the Business Manager a subordinated incentive fee equal to 10 of the amount by which (1) the liquidity amount (as defined below) exceeds (2) the aggregate invested capital, plus the total distributions required to be paid to our stockholders in order to pay them a 7 per annum cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded return on the aggregate invested capital, all measured as of the triggering event. If we have not satisfied this return threshold at the time of the applicable triggering event, the fee will be paid at the time of any future triggering event, provided that we have satisfied the return requirements. We did not experience a triggering event, and thus did not incur a subordinated incentive fee, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As used herein, a triggering event means any sale of assets (excluding the sale of marketable securities) in which the net sales proceeds are specifically identified and distributed to our stockholders, or any liquidity event, such as a listing or any merger, reorganization, business combination, share exchange or acquisition, in which our stockholders receive cash or the securities of another issuer that are listed on a national securities exchange. Aggregate invested capital means the aggregate original issue price paid for the shares of our common stock, before reduction for organization and offering expenses, reduced by any distribution of sale or financing proceeds. 
 For purposes of this subordinated incentive fee, the liquidity amount will be calculated as follows: 
 In the case of the sale of our assets, the net sales proceeds realized by us from the sale of assets since inception and distributed to stockholders, in the aggregate, plus the total amount of any other distributions paid by us from inception until the date that the liquidity amount is determined. 

In the case of a listing or any merger, reorganization, business combination, share exchange, acquisition or other similar transaction in which our stockholders receive cash or the securities of another issuer that are listed on a national securities exchange, as full or partial consideration for their shares, the market value of the shares, plus the total distributions paid by us from inception until the date that the liquidity amount is determined. Market value means the value determined as follows: (1) in the case of the listing of our shares, or the common stock of our subsidiary, on a national securities exchange, by taking the average closing price over the period of 30 consecutive trading days during which our shares, or the shares of the common stock of our subsidiary, as applicable, are eligible for trading, beginning on the 180th day after the applicable listing, multiplied by the number of our shares, or the shares of the common stock of our subsidiary, as applicable, outstanding on the date of measurement; or (2) in the case of the receipt by our stockholders of securities of another entity that are trading on a national securities exchange prior to, or that become listed concurrent with, the consummation of the liquidity event, as follows: (a) in the case of shares trading before consummation of the liquidity event, the value ascribed to the shares in the transaction giving rise to the liquidity event, multiplied by the number of those securities issued to our stockholders in respect of the transaction; and (b) in the case of shares which become listed concurrent 

65 
 
 with the closing of the transaction giving rise to the liquidity event, the average closing price over the period of 30 consecutive trading days during which the shares are eligible for trading, beginning on the 180th day after the applicable listing, multiplied by the number of those securities issued to our stockholders in respect of the transaction. In addition, any distribution of cash consideration received by our stockholders in connection with any liquidity event will be added to the market value determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2). 

If the business management agreement is terminated pursuant to an internalization in accordance with the transition process set forth in that agreement, the Business Manager, or its successor or designee, will continue to be entitled to receive the subordinated incentive fee, on a prorated basis based on the duration of the Business Manager s service to us. Specifically, in this case, the Business Manager, or its successor or designee, will be entitled to a fee equal to the product of: (1) the amount of the fee to which the Business Manager otherwise would have been entitled had the agreement not been terminated; and (2) the quotient of the number of days elapsed from the effective date of the agreement through the closing of the internalization, and the number of days elapsed from the effective date of the agreement through the date of the closing of the applicable triggering event. 
 Real Estate Management Agreement 
 We have entered into a real estate management agreement with our Real Estate Manager under which our Real Estate Manager and its affiliates manage or oversee each of our real properties. For each property that is managed directly by our Real Estate Manager or its affiliates, we pay the Real Estate Manager a monthly management fee of up to 1.9 of the gross income from any single-tenant, net-leased property, and up to 3.9 of the gross income from any other type of property. The Real Estate Manager determines, in its sole discretion, the amount of the management fee payable in connection with a particular property, subject to these limits. For each property that is managed directly by the Real Estate Manager or its affiliates, we pay the Real Estate Manager a separate leasing fee based upon prevailing market rates applicable to the geographic market of that property. If we engage our Real Estate Manager to provide construction management services for a property, we also pay a separate construction management fee based upon prevailing market rates applicable to the geographic market of that property. We also reimburse our Real Estate Manager and its affiliates for property-level expenses that they pay or incur on our behalf, including the salaries, bonuses and benefits of persons performing services for our Real Estate Manager and its affiliates (excluding the executive officers of our Real Estate Manager). For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred real estate management fees, construction management fees and leasing fees in an aggregate amount equal to approximately 7.1 million, of which approximately 0.2 million remained unpaid as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other Fees and Expense Reimbursements 
 We reimburse the Business Manager, Real Estate Manager and entities affiliated with each of them, such as Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, LLC IREA ), Inland Institutional Capital, LLC and their respective affiliates, as well as third parties, for any investment-related expenses they pay in connection with selecting, evaluating or acquiring any investment in real estate assets, regardless of whether we acquire a particular real estate asset. Examples of reimbursable expenses include but are not limited to legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, accounting fees and expenses, third-party broker or finder s fees, title insurance expenses, survey expenses, property inspection expenses and other closing costs. We do not reimburse acquisition expenses in connection with an investment in marketable securities, except that we may reimburse expenses incurred on our behalf and payable to a third party, such as third-party brokerage commissions. On May 17, 2022, we acquired eight retail shopping center properties and incurred less than 0.1 million of acquisition expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which were capitalized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 We reimburse IREIC, the Business Manager and their respective affiliates, including the service providers, for any expenses that they pay or incur on our behalf in providing services to us, including all expenses and the costs of salaries and benefits of persons performing services for these entities on our behalf (except for the salaries and benefits of persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Business Manager or its affiliates) and expenses ultimately paid to third parties. Expenses include, but are not limited to: expenses incurred in connection with any sale of assets or any contribution of assets to a joint venture; expenses incurred in connection with any liquidity event; taxes and assessments on income or real property and taxes; premiums and other associated fees for insurance policies including director and officer liability insurance; expenses associated with investor communications including the cost of preparing, printing and mailing annual reports, proxy statements and other reports required by governmental entities; administrative service expenses charged to, or for the benefit of, us by third parties; audit, accounting and legal fees charged to, or for the benefit of, us by third parties; transfer agent and registrar s fees and charges paid to third parties; and expenses relating to any offices or office facilities maintained solely for our benefit that are separate and distinct from our executive offices. During the year ended December 31, 2022, IREIC, the Business Manager and their respective affiliates incurred on our behalf approximately 1.7 million of these expenses, of which approximately 0.2 million had not been reimbursed by us as of December 31, 2022. 
 66 
 
 Acquisition of Retail Shopping Center Properties from Inland Retail Property Fund, LP 
 On May 17, 2022, we acquired eight properties (the IRPF Properties for an aggregate purchase price of 278,153,000, excluding closing costs, from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP (the Sellers pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement among the Company and the Sellers. The IRPF Properties are leased primarily to grocery, retail and restaurant tenants. More specifically, seven of the Properties are grocery-anchored. The IRPF Properties are located across seven states and aggregate approximately 686,851 square feet. Inland Retail Property Fund, LP, was a fund managed for third-party investors by an affiliate of IREIC that is also an affiliate of our business manager. This IREIC affiliate is the general partner of the fund and owns a very small equity interest in the fund and its assets that is immaterial to persons related to us. Neither this IREIC affiliate nor any other person related to us received any performance fee or other compensation resulting from the sale of the IRPF Properties to us. Because the acquisition of the IRPF Properties was a related party transaction subject to the First Amended and Restated Related Party Transactions Policy adopted by our board and described below, it was approved by all of our independent directors in accordance with that policy. 
 Policies and Procedures with Respect to Related Party Transactions 
 Our board has adopted a First Amended and Restated Related Party Transactions policy effective January 11, 2022, which prohibits us from engaging in the following types of transactions with IREIC-affiliated entities unless a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction, acting as a group, determines in accordance with Section 2-419 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor provision thereto, that the transaction is fair and reasonable to the Company: 
 purchasing real estate assets from, or selling real estate assets to, any IREIC-affiliated entities (excluding circumstances where an entity affiliated with IREIC, such as IREA, enters into a purchase agreement to acquire a property and then assigns the purchase agreement to us); 

making loans to, or borrowing money from, any IREIC-affiliated entities (excluding expense advancements under existing agreements and the deposit of monies in any banking institution affiliated with IREIC); and 

investing in joint ventures with any IREIC-affiliated entities. 

The current version of the policy does not impact agreements or relationships between us and IREIC and its affiliates that already existed when this version of the policy was adopted by our board in January 2022. 
 Director Independence 
 Our business is managed under the direction and oversight of our board. The members of our board are Lee A. Daniels, Stephen L. Davis, Daniel L. Goodwin, Gwen Henry, Bernard J. Michael and Mitchell A. Sabshon. 
 Although our shares are not listed for trading on any national securities exchange, our board has evaluated the independence of our board members according to the director independence standard of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). The NYSE standards provide that to qualify as an independent director, among other things, the board of directors must affirmatively determine that the director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). 
 After reviewing any relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, our management and our independent registered public accounting firm, and considering each director s direct and indirect association with IREIC, the Business Manager or any of their affiliates, the board has determined that Messrs. Daniels, Davis and Michael and Ms. Henry qualify as independent directors. 
 In making its independence determination with respect to Mr. Michael, the board considered the relationship between AWH Partners, LLC and Inland Private Capital Corporation (IPC), an affiliate of IREIC, and Mr. Michael s interest in AWH and its affiliated hotel management company. In December 2019, AWH and its affiliates completed a transaction pursuant to which an affiliate of AWH agreed to manage a DoubleTree Hotel in downtown Nashville, Tennessee, owned by third-party investors and controlled by an affiliate of IPC, and to provide disposition and construction management services in exchange for negotiated fees customary in the industry. An affiliate of AWH also made a minority equity investment in the hotel. Mr. Michael has only an indirect interest in this relationship through his minority ownership of AWH and its affiliated management company and is not expected to participate directly in the management of the hotel or AWH s investment in it. AWH and IPC had also considered a possible similar arrangement with respect to three secondary market select-service hotels, and AWH may enter into similar hotel transactions with affiliates of IPC in the future. Given the small size of the Nashville transaction relative to the size of AWH, the size of Mr. Michael s indirect financial interest and lack of a direct management role, and the fact that the nature and size of future transactions between AWH and IPC, if any, are uncertain and unknown, the board concluded that Mr. Michael has no material relationship with IPC or IREIC and continues to be an independent director of the Company. 
 67 
 
 Item 14.	Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by KPMG for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with fees for audit-related services and tax services rendered by KPMG for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively (Dollar amounts in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit fees (1) 

769 

634 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees (2) 

109 

116 

All other fees 

Total 

878 

750 

____________ 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

(2) Tax fees are comprised of tax compliance and tax consulting fees incurred and billed during the respective years. 

Approval of Services and Fees 
 Our audit committee has reviewed and approved all of the fees charged by KPMG, and actively monitors the relationship between audit and non-audit services provided by KPMG. The audit committee concluded that all services rendered by KPMG during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were consistent with maintaining KPMG s independence. Accordingly, the audit committee has approved all of the services provided by KPMG. As a matter of policy, the Company will not engage its primary independent registered public accounting firm for non-audit services other than audit-related services, as defined by the SEC, certain tax services and other permissible non-audit services except as specifically approved by the chairperson of the audit committee and presented to the full committee at its next regular meeting. The Company also follows limits on hiring partners of, and other professionals employed by, KPMG to ensure that the SEC s auditor independence rules are satisfied. 
 The audit committee must pre-approve any engagements to render services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the fees charged for these services including an annual review of audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees with specific dollar value limits for each category of service. During the year, the audit committee will periodically monitor the levels of fees charged by KPMG and compare these fees to the amounts previously approved. The audit committee also will consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. Any proposed engagement that does not fit within the definition of a pre-approved service may be presented to the chairperson of the audit committee for approval. 
 68 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15.	Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are contained herein on pages 77 102 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2022 is submitted herewith. 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III). 
 (3) Exhibits: 

The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 (b) Exhibits: 

The exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules: 

Refer to Index to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein on page 74 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 16.	Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 69 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

3.2 
 
 Articles Supplementary relating to the Company s election to be subject to Section 3-803 of the MGCL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

3.3 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2023 (file number 000-55146)) 

4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

4.2 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program effective August 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2021 (file number 000-55146)) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and between Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and IREIT Business Manager Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022 (file number 000-55146) 

10.2 
 
 Master Real Estate Management Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2012, by and between Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and Inland National Real Estate Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2012 (file number 333-176775)) 

10.3 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Master Management Agreement, effective January 1, 2016, by and between Inland National Real Estate Services, LLC and Inland Commercial Real Estate Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2016 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.4 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2012, by and between Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., IREIT Business Manager Advisor, Inc. and Inland Investment Advisors, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2012 (file number 333-176775)) 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement, by and between The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. and Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., effective as of August 24, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 2012 (file number 333-176775)) 

10.6 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 3, 2015, by and between IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 3, 2015, issued by IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.8 
 
 Open-End Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, effective December 3, 2015, by IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. for the benefit of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

70 

10.9 
 
 Assignment of Leases, effective December 3, 2015, by IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.10 
 
 Guaranty of Recourse Obligations, dated December 3, 2015, by Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.11 
 
 Unsecured Indemnity Agreement, dated December 3, 2015, by IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. and Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. in favor of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 2015 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.12 
 
 Employee and Director Restricted Share Plan of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2016 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2018 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2018 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.17 
 
 Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Deferred Compensation Election Eligible Cash Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Deferred Compensation Election Eligible Stock Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017 (file number 000-55146)) 

71 

10.20 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and among Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers, and other lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.21 
 
 Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of February 3, 2022, by certain subsidiaries of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. parties thereto for the benefit of KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent for itself and the lenders under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.22 
 
 Notes, dated February 3, 2022, by Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. for the benefit of Lenders under the Second Amended and Restate Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and among Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers, and other lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022 (file number 000-55146) 

10.23 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, by and between the Sellers identified therein and Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.24 
 
 First Amendment, dated as of May 17, 2022, to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, by and among Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as borrower, KeyBank National Association, individually and as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers, and other lender parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2022 (file number 000-55146)) 

10.25 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, effective April 1, 2023, by and between Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and IREIT Business Manager Advisor, Inc. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2013 (file number 000-55146)) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

104 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

72 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel L. Goodwin 
 
 Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Daniel L. Goodwin 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

By: 
 
 /s/ Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Catherine L. Lynch 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Lee A. Daniels 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Lee A. Daniels 

By: 
 
 /s/ Stephen Davis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Stephen Davis 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gwen Henry 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Gwen Henry 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bernard J. Michael 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 

Name: 
 
 Bernard J. Michael 

73 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 75 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 77 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 78 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 79 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 80 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 82 

Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 
 101 

Schedules not filed: 
 All schedules other than the one listed in the Index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 

74 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 	 Identification of impairment triggering events for its investment properties held and used 
 The Company assesses the carrying values of its respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, recoverability of the assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. In order to review its assets for recoverability, the Company considers current market conditions, as well as its intent with respect to the holding or disposing of the asset. Investment properties held and used, net as of December 31, 2022 was 1.240 billion, or 88 of total assets. 
 We identified the Company s identification of events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying value of investment properties held and used may not be recoverable as a critical audit matter. Subjective and challenging auditor judgment, as well as knowledge and experience in the industry, was required to evaluate the Company s identification of indicators of potential impairment. In particular, as part of its evaluation of indicators of potential impairment for investment properties held and used, judgments include 1) the likelihood that an asset will be sold before the end of its previously estimated holding period, and 2) changes in market conditions. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the Company s consideration of certain of the individual real estate properties for potential impairment indicators by: 
 Inquiring of Company officials and inspecting meeting minutes of the board of directors to evaluate the likelihood that a property will be sold before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 

75 
 
 Inquiring and obtaining representation from the Company regarding the status and evaluation of any potential disposal of properties. We corroborated that information with others in the organization who are responsible for, and 

have authority over, disposition activities. 
 Examining the Company s analysis of internal financial information for indications of a decrease in the fair value of the Company s properties resulting from continued decline in operating performance of the Company s properties. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 23, 2023 
 76 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Assets: 

Investment properties held and used: 

Land 

Building and other improvements 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Net investment properties held and used 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts and rent receivable 

Acquired lease intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Mortgages and credit facility payable, net 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Distributions payable 

Acquired intangible liabilities, net 

Due to related parties 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated distributions and net loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 77 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPE RATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income: 

Rental income 

Other property income 

Total income 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Real estate tax expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Business management fee 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest and other income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for amounts included in net loss 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 78 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Number of Shares 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Distributions and Net Loss 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Distributions declared per share) 

() 

() 

Rescission of Q1 2020 distribution (see Note 9) 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan 

Shares repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on derivatives 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for amounts included in net loss 

Equity based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Distributions declared per share) 

() 

() 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan 

Shares repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

Reclassification adjustment for amounts included in net loss 

Equity based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Distributions declared per share) 

() 

() 

Proceeds from distribution reinvestment plan 

Shares repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

Reclassification adjustment for amounts included in net loss 

Equity based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 79 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and mortgage premiums, net 

Amortization of acquired market leases, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of equity based compensation 

Reduction in the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset 

Straight-line income, net 

() 

() 

() 

Other non-cash adjustments 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts and rent receivable 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Due to related parties 

() 

Operating lease liability 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of investment properties 

() 

Proceeds from sale of investment properties 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of credit facility 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from credit facility 

Payment of mortgages payable 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan 

Shares repurchased 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Early termination of interest rate swap agreements, net 

() 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of the year 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 80 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

In conjunction with the purchase of investment property, the Company acquired assets and assumed liabilities as follows: 

Land 

Building and improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Acquired intangible liabilities 

() 

Assumed liabilities, net 

() 

Purchase of investment properties 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Accrued capital expenditures 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 properties in January 2020, as further described in Note 5 Dispositions, using the proceeds to pay down the Revolving Credit Facility. On May 17, 2022, the Company purchased a portfolio of properties from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP as described in Note 4 Acquisitions. of the eight properties are grocery-anchored. In connection with the strategic plan, the Company s share repurchase program (as amended, the SRP was amended and restated, effective March 21, 2019, and the Business Management Agreement with the Business Manager was amended and restated on February 11, 2019 to, among other things, eliminate all future acquisition and disposition fees. On March 3, 2020, the Company s SRP was amended and restated (the Third A R SRP ), which became effective on April 10, 2020, as further described below in Note 3 Equity . The Board considered the Company s strategic initiatives and believed that the change in the Third A R SRP that lowered the price paid for Exceptional Repurchases would permit the Company to preserve and deploy capital and help to position the Company to achieve its objective of maximizing stockholder value over the long term. The strategic plan may further evolve or change over time. Although the Company is not actively pursuing any new acquisitions as of the date of this annual report, if the Company were to have the requisite capital and financing available to it, it may opportunistically acquire retail properties that management believes complement its existing portfolio in terms of relevant characteristics such as tenant mix, demographics and geography and are consistent with the Company's plan to own a portfolio substantially all of which is comprised of grocery-anchored or shadow-anchored properties. Management may also consider other transactions, such as redeveloping certain properties or portions of certain properties, for example, big-box spaces, to repurpose them for alternative commercial or multifamily residential uses. The timing of the completion of the strategic plan has already extended beyond the management's original expectations and cannot be predicted with certainty. There is no assurance the Company will be able to successfully implement its strategic plan, for example by making strategic sales or purchases of properties or listing the Company s common stock, within any timeframe the Company might prefer or at all. On March 6, 2023, as reported in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the same date, the Company announced that the Company s board of directors unanimously approved: (i) an estimated per share net asset value (the Estimated Per Share NAV as of December 31, 2022; (ii) the same per share purchase price for shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (as amended, the DRP beginning with the first distribution payment to stockholders upon resumption of distributions and the DRP until the Company announces a new Estimated Per Share NAV, and (iii) that, in accordance with the SRP, beginning with repurchases in April 2023 and until the Company announces a new Estimated Per Share NAV, any shares accepted for ordinary repurchases and exceptional repurchases will be repurchased at of the Estimated Per Share NAV. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, such as debt payments, the Company s board of directors had suspended distributions, rescinded the first quarter distribution that was previously declared and suspended the Company s DRP and SRP until further notice. The suspension of the DRP was effective on and the suspension of the SRP was effective on . On , the Company announced the reinstatement, and lifting of the suspension, of its DRP. The effective date of the DRP reinstatement was . The Company also announced the reinstatement and lifting of the suspension of its SRP and its adoption of the fourth amendment and restatement of the SRP, with the first repurchase having occurred on . See Note 3 Equity for additional details. At December 31, 2022, the Company owned retail properties, totaling square feet. The properties are located in states. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio had a weighted average physical occupancy of and economic occupancy of . 

at December 31, 2022, which is significantly lower than the deferred rent balance of at December 31, 2021 due primarily to collections during the year ended December 31, 2022. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic further impacts the Company s operations and those of the Company's tenants will depend on future developments, including the impact of the Delta, Omicron or other variants of COVID-19 in the U.S. The impact cannot be predicted with confidence, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic s variants, the actions taken to contain the pandemic s variants or mitigate their impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic s variants and containment measures, among others. 
 
 between the fair value and the stated value is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining term using the effective interest method. Certain of the Company s properties included earnout components to the purchase price, meaning the Company did not pay a portion of the purchase price of the property at closing, although the Company owns the entire property. The Company is not obligated to settle the contingent portion of the purchase price unless space which was vacant at the time of acquisition is later leased by the seller within the time limits and parameters set forth in the related acquisition agreements. The Company s policy is to record earnout components when estimable and probable. At December 31, 2022, there is earnout liability outstanding. 
 t record any impairment charges. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

years 

Site improvements 
 
 - years 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 - years 

Tenant improvements 

Leasing fees 

Depreciation expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of leasing fees were , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

was not contemplated by the contract). Both lessees and lessors may make this election. The Company has elected to apply such relief and will avail itself of the election to avoid performing a lease by lease analysis. 

shares of common stock generating gross proceeds of from the Offering. On March 2, 2023, the Company s board of directors determined an estimated per share NAV of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. The previously estimated per share NAV of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2021 was established on March 4, 2022. The Company provides the following programs to facilitate additional investment in the Company s shares and to provide limited liquidity for stockholders. Distribution Reinvestment Plan On October 19, 2015, the Company registered shares of common stock to be issued under its distribution reinvestment plan DRP pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3D. The Company provides stockholders with the option to purchase additional shares from the Company by automatically reinvesting cash distributions through the DRP, subject to certain share ownership restrictions. The Company does not pay any selling commissions or a marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance in connection with the DRP. Pursuant to the DRP, the price per share for shares of common stock purchased under the DRP is equal to the estimated value of a share, as determined by the Company s board of directors and reported by the Company from time to time, until the shares become listed for trading, if a listing occurs, assuming that the DRP has not been terminated or suspended in connection with such listing. Distributions reinvested through the DRP were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The DRP was suspended during a majority of 2020 and the first half of 2021 as discussed in Note 1 Organization. Share Repurchase Program The Company adopted a share repurchase program (as amended, SRP effective October 18, 2012, under which the Company is authorized to purchase shares from stockholders who purchased their shares from the Company or received their shares through a non-cash transfer and who have held their shares for at least . Purchases are in the Company s sole discretion. In the case of repurchases made upon the death of a stockholder or qualifying disability Exceptional Repurchases ), as defined in the SRP, the one year holding period does not apply. The SRP was amended and restated effective January 1, 2018 to change the processing of repurchase requests from a monthly to a quarterly basis to align with the move to quarterly distributions. On February 11, 2019, the Company s board of directors adopted a second amended and restated SRP, effective March 21, 2019. On March 3, 2020 the Company s board of directors adopted the Third A R SRP. of the share price, which is defined in the Third A R SRP as an amount equal to the lesser of: (A) , as adjusted under certain circumstances, including, among other things, if the applicable shares were purchased from the Company at a discounted price; or (B) the most recently disclosed estimated value per share. Prior to the amendment, the Company was authorized to make Exceptional Repurchases at a price equal to of the share price. . The Company continues to limit the number of shares repurchased during any calendar year to of the number of shares outstanding on December 31st of the previous calendar year, as adjusted for any stock splits or other combinations. The Company s board of directors suspended the SRP effective June 26, 2020. 
 
 The SRP will immediately terminate if the Company s shares become listed for trading on a national securities exchange. In addition, the Company s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may, at any time, amend, suspend or terminate the SRP. For any quarter ended, unfulfilled repurchase requests will be included in the list of requests for the following quarter unless the request is withdrawn in accordance with the SRP. However, each stockholder who has submitted a repurchase request must submit an acknowledgment annually after the Company publishes a new estimated value per share acknowledging, among other things, that the stockholder wishes to maintain the request. If the Company does not receive the acknowledgment prior to the repurchase date, it will deem the request to have been withdrawn. Repurchases through the SRP were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the liability related to the SRP was . See Note 1 Organization for further discussion on the suspension during 2020 and resumption during 2021 of the SRP. 

properties (the IRPF Properties from certain subsidiaries of Inland Retail Property Fund, LP (the Seller ). The acquisition of the IRPF Properties is referred to herein as the Transaction. The IRPF Properties are leased primarily to grocery, retail and restaurant tenants. More specifically, of the IRPF Properties are grocery-anchored. The IRPF Properties are located across states and aggregate approximately square feet. The Seller is a fund managed by an affiliate of the Company s sponsor and business manager. Because the Transaction was a related party transaction, it was approved by all of the Company s independent directors. 
 
 IRPF Properties 

(a) Contractual purchase price excluding closing credits . 

The above acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred of total acquisition costs. All of the acquisition costs are capitalized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. These costs include third party due diligence costs such as appraisals, environmental studies, and legal fees as well as time and travel expense reimbursements to the Sponsor and its affiliates. For properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded total income of and property net income of . 

Building and improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Acquired intangible liabilities 

() 

Assumed liabilities, net 

() 

Total 

properties in January 2020, generating proceeds of net of selling costs. 

Acquired above market lease value 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Acquired lease intangibles, net 

Intangible liabilities: 

Acquired below market lease value 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Acquired below market lease intangibles, net 

The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease value and acquired below market lease value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease as an adjustment to rental income. For below market lease values, the amortization period includes any renewal periods with fixed rate renewals. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease value is amortized on a straight-line basis over the acquired leases weighted average remaining term. 

Amortization recorded as a (reduction) increase to rental income: 

Acquired above market leases 

() 

() 

() 

Acquired below market leases 

Net rental income increase 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Variable rate mortgages payable with swap agreements 

Variable rate mortgages payable 

Mortgages payable 

Credit facility payable 

Total debt before unamortized mortgage premiums and debt issuance costs including impact of interest rate swaps 

Add: Unamortized mortgage premiums 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total debt 

The Company s indebtedness bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of per annum at December 31, 2022, which includes the effects of interest rate swaps. The Company estimates the fair value of its total debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company s lenders using Level 3 inputs. The carrying value of the Company s debt excluding mortgage premium and unamortized debt issuance costs was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and its estimated fair value was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Credit Facility Payable On February 3, 2022, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association, individually and as administrative agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arrangers, and other lenders from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement (the Credit Facility ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the aggregate total commitments under the Credit Facility were increased from to . The Company s Credit Facility consists of the Revolving Credit Facility providing revolving credit commitments in an aggregate amount of and a term loan facility (the term loans funded under such commitments, the Term Loan providing term loan commitments in an aggregate amount of (increased from ). On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement Regarding Incremental Term Loans (the First Amendment ), amending the terms of the Credit Agreement primarily to draw an additional to fund the acquisition of investment properties during May 2022 discussed in Note 4 Acquisitions. The Credit Agreement provides the Company with the ability from time to time to increase the size of the Credit Facility up to a total of , subject to certain conditions. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and outstanding under the Term Loan. At December 31, 2022 the interest rates on the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan were and , respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on , and the Company has the option to extend the maturity date for one additional year subject to the payment of an extension fee and certain other conditions. The Term Loan matures on . As of December 31, 2022 the Company had a maximum amount of available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement that governs the Credit Facility, including compliance with the covenants which could further limit the amount available. Although all of the amount available under the Revolving Credit Facility is available to pay off existing mortgages, due to the covenant limitations, the Company expects to have substantially less than all available to draw or otherwise undertake as additional debt as a result of, among other things, completing the aforementioned Transaction and increasing the amount of the Term Loan. The Company s performance of the obligations under the Credit Facility, including the payment of any outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility, is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company, including each of the subsidiaries of the Company which owns or leases any of the properties included in the pool of unencumbered properties comprising the borrowing base. Additional properties will be added to and removed from the pool from time to time to support amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility so long as at any time there are at least unencumbered properties with an unencumbered pool value of or more. At December 31, 2022, there were properties included in the pool of unencumbered properties. The Credit Facility requires compliance with certain covenants, including a minimum tangible net worth requirement, a limitation on the use of leverage, a distribution limitation, restrictions on indebtedness and investment restrictions, as defined. It also contains customary default provisions including the failure to comply with the Company's covenants and the failure to pay when amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility become due. As of December 31, 2022, Mortgages Payable The mortgage loans require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, investment restrictions and distribution limitations. As of December 31, 2022, All of the Company s mortgage loans are secured by first mortgages on the respective real estate assets. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average years to maturity for the Company s mortgages payable was years. For mortgage loans maturing in the next twelve months, the Company intends to repay amounts due with cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand or proceeds available under the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest Rate Swap Agreements The Company entered into interest rate swaps to fix certain of its floating LIBOR and SOFR based debt under variable rate loans to a fixed rate to manage its risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The Company will generally match the maturity of the underlying variable rate debt with the maturity date on the interest swap. See Note 15 Fair Value Measurements for further information. 

(a) and the were and , respectively. 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for amounts included in net gain or loss (effective portion) 

The total amount of interest expense presented on the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The location of the net gain or loss reclassified into income from accumulated other comprehensive loss is reported in interest expense on the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. The amount that is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income in the next 12 months is . 

vesting period from the date of the grant, subject to the specific terms of the grant. On November 8, 2022, the Company issued restricted shares to its independent directors pursuant to the automatic grant provisions of the RSP, which become vested in equal installments of 33-1/3 on each of the first three anniversaries of November 8, 2022, subject to certain exceptions. In accordance with the RSP, restricted shares were issued to non-employee directors as compensation. Each restricted share and restricted share unit entitles the holder to receive common share when it vests. Restricted shares and restricted share units are included in common stock outstanding on the date of the vesting. The grant-date value of the restricted shares and restricted share units is amortized over the vesting period representing the requisite service period. Compensation expense associated with the restricted shares and restricted share units issued to the non-employee directors was , and in the aggregate, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested restricted shares and restricted share units, in the aggregate. The weighted average remaining period that compensation expense related to unvested restricted shares and restricted share units will be recognized is years. The total fair value at the vesting date for restricted shares and restricted share units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

Granted (at grant date fair value of per share) 

Vested 

() 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted (at grant date fair value of per share) 

Vested 

() 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted (at grant date fair value of per share) 

Vested 

() 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

of its REIT taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, to its stockholders. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s REIT taxable income (loss) was (unaudited), (unaudited) and (unaudited), respectively. The Company had uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company expects significant increases or decreases in uncertain tax positions due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2022. The Company had interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, returns for the calendar years 2019 , 2020, 2021 and 2022 remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state and local tax jurisdictions. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company recorded a impairment for the Mainstreet JV recorded on its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company s investment in Mainstreet JV was held through a taxable REIT subsidiary. Based on an effective tax rate of , which is calculated by combining a Federal tax rate and an IL tax rate of state rate net of the Federal benefit), the deferred tax benefit related to the impairment was approximately . Since the taxable REIT subsidiary did not conduct any activities outside the investment in Mainstreet JV, management concluded it was not more likely than not that the taxable REIT subsidiary would be able to utilize these losses in future tax periods and recorded a full valuation allowance of during the year ended December 31, 2018. The Mainstreet JV was liquidated for income tax purposes in 2019, resulting in a reduction in the deferred tax asset and valuation allowance. Since the taxable REIT subsidiary has no other activity, a valuation allowance has been maintained on the remaining deferred tax asset. income tax expense or benefit was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The taxable REIT subsidiary has of capital loss carryforwards that expire in . CARES Act and CAA On March 27, 2020 and December 27, 2020, the President of the United States signed and enacted into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (CAA). Among other provisions, the CARES Act and the CAA provide relief to U.S. federal corporate taxpayers through temporary adjustments to net operating loss rules, changes to limitations on interest expense deductibility, and the acceleration of available refunds for minimum tax credit carryforwards. The CARES Act and the CAA did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Distributions In 2020, due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to preserve cash for the payment of operating and other expenses, during the second quarter the Company s board of directors rescinded the first quarter distribution and suspended distributions until , when the Company declared a distribution to stockholders of record as of in the amount of per share, that was paid on or about . On or about , the Company paid a distribution to stockholders of record as of in the amount of per share. On or about , the Company paid a distribution to stockholders of record as of in the amount of per share. In 2022, the Company paid quarterly distributions in an amount equal to per share, which represented an annualized rate of based on the previously estimated per share NAV as of December 31, 2021, payable in arrears the following quarter. 

Distributions declared 

Distributions rescinded 

() 

For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary dividend income, qualified dividend income, non-taxable return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as either ordinary dividend income or, if so declared by the Company, qualified dividend income or capital gain dividends. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits (calculated for income tax purposes) constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather than ordinary dividend income or a capital gain dividend and reduce the recipient s tax basis in the shares to the extent thereof. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits that reduce a recipient s tax basis in the shares have the effect of deferring taxation of the amount of the distribution until the sale of the stockholder s shares. If the recipient's tax basis is reduced to zero, distributions in excess of the aforementioned earnings and profits (calculated for income tax purposes) constitute taxable gain. 

Capital gain 

Nontaxable return of capital 

shares, shares and shares, respectively, were excluded from the computations of diluted EPS, because they would have been antidilutive. 

95 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 reportable segment, retail real estate, as defined by GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Loan costs 
 
 (b) 

Acquisition related costs 
 
 (c) 

Real estate management fees 

Property operating expenses 

Construction management fees 

Leasing fees 

Total real estate management related costs 
 
 (d) 

Business management fees 
 
 (e) 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) related party acquisition costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 are capitalized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 4 Acquisitions for further information. 

 (d) of the gross income from any single-tenant, net-leased property, and up to of the gross income from any other property type. The Real Estate Manager determines, in its sole discretion, the amount of the fee with respect to a particular property, subject to the limitations. For each property that is managed directly by the Real Estate Manager or its affiliates, the Company pays the Real Estate Manager a separate leasing fee. Further, in the event that the Company engages its Real Estate Manager to provide construction management services for a property, the Company pays a separate construction management fee. Leasing fees are included in deferred costs, net and construction management fees are included in building and other improvements in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company also reimburses the Real Estate Manager and its affiliates for property-level expenses that they pay or incur on the Company s behalf, including the salaries, bonuses and benefits of persons performing services for the Real Estate Manager and its affiliates except for the salaries, bonuses and benefits of persons who also serve as an executive officer of the Real Estate Manager or the Company. Real estate management fees and reimbursable expenses are included in property operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 (e) of its average invested assets . The fee is payable quarterly in an amount equal to of its average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter. Average invested assets means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of the Company s assets, including all intangibles and goodwill, invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in, and loans secured by, properties, as well as amounts invested in securities and consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures or other partnerships, before reserves for amortization and depreciation or bad debts, impairments or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the relevant calendar quarter. Unpaid amounts are included in due to related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 (f) due to IRPF related to annual tenant reconciliations for the properties acquired during 2022. 

retail operating leases. The remaining lease terms for the Company s leases range from less than to . The Company considers the date on which it makes a leased space available to a lessee as the commencement date of the lease. At commencement, the Company determines the lease classification utilizing the classification tests under ASC 842. Options to extend a lease are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the tenant will exercise its option to extend. Termination penalties are included in income when there is a termination agreement, all the conditions of the agreement have been met and amounts due are considered collectable. Such termination fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term in rental income. If an operating lease is modified and the modification is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company accounts for the modification as if it were a termination of the existing lease and the creation of a new lease. The Company considers any prepaid or accrued rentals relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the modified lease. The Company includes options to modify the original lease term when it is reasonably certain that the tenant will exercise its option to extend. Lease Income Most of the revenue from the Company s properties consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Most leases require the tenant to pay fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and to reimburse the Company for the tenant s pro rata share of certain operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the Company and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases, the Company pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant s pro rata share of recoverable expenses paid. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed base rent as well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Under leases where all expenses are paid by the Company, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses. Reimbursements for common area maintenance are considered non-lease components that are permitted to be combined with rental income. The combined lease component and reimbursements for insurance and taxes are reported as rental income on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Rental income - variable payments (a) 

Amortization of acquired market leases, net 

Rental income 

(a) . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Lease Expense The Company is the lessee under ground lease. The ground lease, which commenced on July 1, 2007, was assumed as part of a property purchased in October 2015 and extends through June 30, 2037 with -year renewal options which the Company assumes will be exercised. When the Company acquired the lease, the Company considered the lease terms and lease classification. As reassessment was not required under practical expedients accorded in ASC 842, the Company has continued to account for the ground lease as an operating lease with an established lease term and payment schedule. The lease liability was based on the present value of the ground lease s future lease payments using an interest rate of which the Company considers reasonable and within the range of the Company s incremental borrowing rate. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total rent expense was , and , respectively, recorded in property operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

() 

Present value of lease liability 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s accounts and rent receivable, net balance was , which was net of an allowance for bad debts of and included of deferred rent receivable related to COVID-19 agreements negotiated with tenants. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s accounts and rent receivable, net balance is , which is net of an allowance for bad debts of and included of deferred rent receivable related to COVID-19 agreements negotiated with tenants. Such agreements generally allow tenants to defer the payment of a portion of rent with no substantive changes to the consideration in the original lease. Consistent with the guidance in the Lease Modification Q A issued by the FASB, such deferrals affect the timing, but not the amount, of the lease payments. The Company is accounting for these deferrals as if no changes to the lease were made. Under this accounting, the Company increases its rent receivable as tenant obligations accrue and continues to recognize rental income. 

 fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: 

Level 1 
 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. 

Level 2 
 
 Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3 
 
 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 The Company has estimated the fair value of its financial and non-financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies the Company believes to be appropriate for these purposes. Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

Interest rate swap agreements - Other liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Interest rate swap agreements - Other assets 

Interest rate swap agreements - Other liabilities 

The fair value of derivative instruments was estimated based on data observed in the forward yield curve which is widely observed in the marketplace. The Company also incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements which utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads. The Company has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivative interest rate swap agreements and therefore has classified these in Level 2 of the hierarchy. 

 of the Estimated Per Share NAV. Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement (Note: capitalized terms used below but not defined in this Annual Report have the definitions ascribed to them in the applicable business management agreement) On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a Third Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement (the Third Business Management Agreement with the Business Manager effective April 1, 2023, which amends and restates the existing Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement dated October 15, 2021 (the Second Business Management Agreement to make the following changes, among others: decrease the annual business management fee (the Business Management Fee payable to the Business Manager by the Company from of Average Invested Assets to of Average Invested Assets; 

 change the term of the agreement such that it ends on March 31, 2027, and remove the provisions regarding one-year renewal terms; 

 delete the provision, formerly included to conform to provisions in the Company s Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement, which has since been amended and restated, requiring the Business Manager to reimburse the Company, subject to certain exceptions, for any amount by which the Total Operating Expenses (including the Business Management Fee and other fees payable hereunder) of the Company for the Fiscal Year just ended exceeded the greater of (i) two percent of the total of the Average Invested Assets for the just ended Fiscal Year; or (ii) twenty-five percent of the Net Income for the just ended Fiscal Year; 

 amend the indemnification section to remove certain conditions to, and limitations on, the Company s ability to indemnify the Business Manager and the Business Manager s officers, directors, employees and agents, which conditions and limitations were formerly included to conform to provisions in the Company s Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement that has since been amended and restated, and to provide that indemnification will be provided to the full extent permitted by law; 

 add a definition for Cause Event that includes, for example, certain bad acts by, or the insolvency of, the Business Manager and provide that the Third Business Management Agreement may be terminated by the Company with the affirmative vote of a majority of its Independent Directors; 

 provide that if the Third Business Management Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14(b) (Termination by Company for a Cause Event), the Business Manager will not be entitled to compensation after the date of termination, provided that the Business Manager will be paid the Business Management Fee payable under Section 7(a) through the date of termination; and 

 provide that if the Third Business Management Agreement is terminated pursuant to any of Sections 14(c) (Termination by the Company for Convenience), 14(d) (Termination by the Business Manager) or 14(e) (Termination Pursuant to a Qualifying Internalization), the Business Manager will be entitled to payment of the Business Management Fee payable under Section 7(a) for the remainder of the Term using the calculations made for the quarter in which the agreement was terminated, which payment will be made within 30 days of the termination. 

 The above description is qualified by reference to the Third Business Management Agreement in its entirety, a copy of which is included with this Annual Report as exhibit 10.25. 

 100 

() 

- 

Turlock, CA 

Branson Hills Plaza 

() 

- 

Branson, MO 

CityPlace 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Woodbury, MN 

Coastal North Town Center 

() 

() 

- 

Myrtle Beach, SC 

Coastal North Town Center - Phase II 

- 

() 

- 

Myrtle Beach, SC 

Denton Village 

- 

() 

- 

Denton, TX 

Dixie Valley 

() 

- 

Louisville, KY 

Dogwood Festival 

() 

- 

Flowood, MO 

Eastside Junction 

() 

- 

Athens, AL 

Fairgrounds Crossing 

() 

- 

Hot Springs, AR 

Fox Point Plaza 

() 

- 

Neenah, WI 

Frisco Marketplace 

- 

() 

- 

Frisco, TX 

Green Tree Shopping Center 

() 

- 

Katy, TX 

Harris Plaza 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Layton, UT 

Harvest Square 

() 

- 

Harvest, AL 

Heritage Square 

() 

- 

Conyers, AL 

Kroger - Copps Grocery Store (D) 

- 

() 

- 

Stevens Point, WI 

Kroger - Pick n Save Center 

() 

- 

West Bend, WI 

Lakeside Crossing 

() 

- 

Lynchburg, VA 

Landing at Ocean Isle Beach 

() 

- 

Ocean Isle, NC 

Lower Makefield Shopping Center 

- 

() 
 
 / 

- 

Lower Makefield, PA 

Mansfield Pointe 

() 

- 

Mansfield, TX 

Marketplace at El Paseo 

() 

() 

- 

Fresno, CA 

Marketplace at Tech Center 

() 

- 

Newport News, VA 

- 

MidTowne Shopping Center 

() 
 
 / 

- 

Little Rock, AR 

Milford Marketplace 

- 

() 

- 

Milford, CT 

Newington Fair 

() 
 
 / 

- 

Newington, CT 

New Town Village 

- 

() 

15-30 

Owings Mills, MD 

North Hills Square 

() 

- 

Coral Springs, FL 

Northpark Village Square 

() 

- 

Santa Clarita, CA 

Northville Park Place 

() 

- 

Northville, MI 

Olde Ivy Village 

- 

() 

- 

Smyrna, GA 

Oquirrh Mountain Marketplace 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Jordan, UT 

Initial cost (A) 

Gross amount carried at end of period (B) 

Property Name 
 
 Encum- brance 

Land 

Buildings and Improve- ments 

Cost Capita-lized Subse- quent to Acquisi- tions (C) 

Land(D) 

Buildings and Improve- ments (D) 

Total (D) 

Accumu- lated Deprecia- tion (E) 

Date Con- structed 
 
 Date Acquired 

Depre-ciable Lives 

Oquirrh Mountain Marketplace Phase II 

() 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Jordan, UT 

Park Avenue Shopping Center 

() 

- 

Little Rock, AR 

Pentucket Shopping Center 

() 

- 

Plaistow, NH 

Plaza at Prairie Ridge 

- 

() 

- 

Pleasant Prairie, WI 

Prattville Town Center 

() 

- 

Prattville, AL 

Regal Court 

() 

- 

Shreveport, LA 

Rusty Leaf Plaza 

- 

() 

- 

Orange, CA 

Settlers Ridge 

() 

- 

Pittsburgh, PA 

Shoppes at Lake Park 

() 

- 

West Valley City. UT 

Shoppes at Market Pointe 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Papillion, NE 

Shoppes at Prairie Ridge 

() 

- 

Pleasant Prairie, WI 

The Shoppes at Branson Hills 

() 

- 

Branson, MO 

Shops at Hawk Ridge 

() 

- 

St. Louis, MO 

Village at Burlington Creek 

() 

- 

Kansas City, MO 

Walgreens Plaza 

() 

- 

Jacksonville, NC 

Wedgewood Commons 

() 
 
 - 

- 

Olive Branch, MS 

White City 

() 

- 

Shrewsbury, MA 

Wilson Marketplace 

() 

- 

Wilson, NC 

Yorkville Marketplace 

() 

- 

Yorkville, IL 

Total: 

() 

Notes: (a) 

 (b) . 

 (c) 

 (d) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at January 1, 

Acquisitions 

Improvements, net of master lease 

Balance at December 31, 

(e) 

Balance at January 1, 

Depreciation expense 

Balance at December 31, 

102 

<EX-4>
 2
 ireit-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 INLAND REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC., A MARYLAND CORPORATION 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 We are a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Maryland. Many of the rights of our stockholders are governed by Maryland law, including the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), and our charter and bylaws. The following summarizes certain terms of our common stock as described in our charter and bylaws, which are included as exhibits to our annual and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and to which you should refer for a full description. The following description does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the Company s complete charter and bylaws and the MGCL. 
 Authorized Stock 
 Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 1,460,000,000 shares of common stock and 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our charter contains a provision permitting the board, without any action by the stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into one or more classes or series by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any new class or series of shares of stock. In addition, our charter permits our board, without any action by the stockholders, to amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have the authority to issue. 
 Common Stock 
 A plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present is sufficient to elect a director. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the holder is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, duly called and at which a quorum is present, is sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the charter. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to cast one (1) vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Stockholders may remove any director, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 A quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of our stockholders will be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and as set forth in our charter and bylaws. Under our bylaws, at any meeting of stockholders the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast at least fifty percent (50 of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter constitutes a quorum; provided, however, that this section of our bylaws does not affect any requirement under the applicable law or under the charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter.. 
 Holders of our common stock have no conversion, sinking fund, redemption or exchange rights, have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities we may offer or issue in the future and have no appraisal rights unless our board of directors determines that appraisal rights apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of shares, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which stockholders would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. 
 1 

Preferred Stock 
 Subject to certain restrictions set forth in our charter, we may issue shares of our preferred stock in the future in one or more series as authorized by our board. Prior to issuing the shares of any series, our board is required by Maryland law and our charter to fix the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each series. Because our board has the power to establish the preferences, powers and rights of each series of preferred stock, it may, without any consideration or approval by our stockholders, provide the holders of any series of preferred stock with preferences, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, senior to the rights of holders of our common stock, in each case subject to certain transfer and ownership restrictions contained in our charter. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Distributions 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any class or series of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding in the future and to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on the ownership and transfer of shares of our common stock, which are summarized below, holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive distributions if authorized by our board and declared by us and to share ratably in our assets available for distribution to the stockholders in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. You should not assume that the company will pay distributions or pay them in any particular amount or on any particular date. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is DST Systems, Inc. 
 Book Entry System 
 Our charter provides that we may not issue certificates representing shares of our common stock unless expressly authorized by our board. As a result we anticipate that all shares of our common stock will be issued only in book entry form. This means that, except to the extent expressly authorized by our board, we will not issue actual stock certificates to any holder of our common stock. The use of book entry only registration protects stockholders against loss, theft or destruction of stock certificates and reduces offering costs. Once we accept a subscription to purchase shares of our common stock, we create an account in our book entry registration system and credit the principal amount of the subscription to the individual's account. We will send each stockholder a book entry receipt indicating acceptance of his or her subscription. All issuances of common stock through our distribution reinvestment plan also are made only in book entry form. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 Our charter, subject to some exceptions, prohibits any person from acquiring or holding, directly or indirectly, more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of (i) the outstanding shares of our common stock or (ii) the aggregate amount of all outstanding shares of our equity stock. This limit may be further reduced if our board of directors waives this limit for certain holders, including The Inland Group, LLC and its affiliates. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a person from these ownership limits, unless granting the exemption would result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise would result in us failing to qualify as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under the Code, including if the person seeking the exemptions owns, directly or indirectly, an interest in any of our tenants (or in a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by us) that would cause us to own, directly or 
 2 

indirectly, 10 or more of the interests in the tenant. Our board may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to our board of directors in its sole discretion, in order to determine or ensure our status as a REIT. 
 In addition, our charter prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock that would result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT. Our charter further provides that any transfer of our stock that would result in our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than one hundred persons will be void. Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership, or any person who would have owned shares of our stock that resulted in a transfer of shares to the trust, is required to give us notice immediately and to provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 If any transfer of shares of our stock is attempted that, if effective, would result in any person violating the transfer or ownership limitations described above, our charter provides that either the number of shares of our stock causing the person to violate the limitations will be automatically placed in a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries within the meaning of 501(c)(3) of the Code or, if placement of the shares in a trust would not effectively prevent the loss of our qualification as a REIT or the transfer would result in our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than one hundred persons, then the attempted transfer itself will be deemed null and void. The proposed transferee that exceeds the ownership limits will not acquire any rights in these shares. The automatic transfer is deemed effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the transfer violating these restrictions. Shares of stock held in the trust will continue to be treated as issued and outstanding. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and will not have any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of stock held in the trust. The voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares of stock have been transferred to the trustee will be paid by the recipient of the dividend or other distribution to the trustee upon demand, and any dividend or other distributions authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that such shares of stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will have the authority in its sole discretion: (1) to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust; and (2) to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within twenty days of receiving notice from us that shares have been transferred to the trust, the trustee must sell the shares to a person or group, designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows. The proposed transferee will receive the lesser of: (1) the price paid for the shares by the proposed transferee or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other such transaction), the market price, as defined in our charter, of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust; and (2) the price per share received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the trust. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the proposed transferee and are owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. Sale proceeds exceeding the amount 
 3 

payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that shares of stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then the shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust; and if to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares exceeding the amount that the proposed transferee was entitled to receive, the excess will be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 In addition, shares of our stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us or our designees, at a price per share equal to the lesser of: (1) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust, or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift; and (2) the market price on the date we, or our designate, accept such offer. We can accept this offer until the trustee has sold the shares held in the trust. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the proposed transferee and are owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be immediately paid to the charitable beneficiary. 
 Our charter requires all persons who own 5 or more, or any lower percentage required by the Code or the regulations thereunder, of our outstanding common and preferred stock, within thirty days after the end of each taxable year, to provide to us written notice stating their name and address, the number of shares of common and preferred stock they beneficially own directly or indirectly, and a description of how the shares are held. In addition, each beneficial owner must provide us with any additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of their beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT to ensure compliance with the 9.8 ownership limit. In addition, each stockholder will, upon demand, be required to provide us any information as we may request, in good faith, in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Corporate Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The following paragraphs summarize provisions of Maryland corporate law and some material terms of our charter and bylaws. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the MGCL and our complete charter and bylaws, each of which may be amended at any time, in many cases without prior notice to stockholders. 
 The Company reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except for (i) amendments to section 6.2 of the charter regarding the removal of directors, (ii) any amendment to the sentence in section 9.1 of the charter that sets forth the votes required to remove a director, and (iii) those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by specific provision in the charter, any amendment to the charter is valid only if declared advisable by the board and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Any amendment to section 6.2 of the charter or to the sentence in section 9.1 of the charter that sets forth the votes required to remove a director is valid only if declared advisable by the board and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Our board of directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 
 Business Combinations. Under the Maryland Business Combination Act, completion of a business combination (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the 
 4 

statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder is prohibited for five years following the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation's outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. A person is not an interested stockholder if, prior to the most recent time at which the person would otherwise have become an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the Maryland corporation approved the transaction which otherwise would have resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder. The board of directors may condition its approval on the person complying with terms and conditions determined by the board. Following the five-year period, any business combination with that interested stockholder must be recommended by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation's common stockholders receive consideration at least equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 

These provisions of Maryland law do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by our board prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. As permitted under Maryland law, business combinations involving us and The Inland Group, LLC or any of its affiliates, including our business manager, are exempt from the Maryland business combination statute. 
 Control Share Acquisition. The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the corporation's stockholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by: (1) the acquiring person; (2) the corporation's officers; and (3) employees of the corporation who are also directors. Control shares mean voting shares which, if aggregated with all other voting shares owned by an acquiring person, or which the acquiring person can exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would entitle the acquiring person to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power of shares of the corporation in electing directors (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy) within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; 

one-third or more but less than a majority of all voting power; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

5 

Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition occurs when, subject to some exceptions, a person directly or indirectly acquires ownership or the power to direct the exercise of voting power of issued and outstanding control shares. A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay expenses, may compel our board to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within fifty days after that person's demand upon the corporation to consider the voting rights to be accorded to the control shares. If no request for a meeting is made, we may present the question at any stockholders' meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to some statutory conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights and be entitled to receive in cash the fair value for their shares of stock. The fair value of the shares as determined for these purposes may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is party to the transaction or to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws exempt acquisitions of our stock by any person from the limits imposed by the Control Share Acquisition Act. 
 Subtitle 8. Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors, to any or all of five provisions: 
 a classified board; 

a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; 

a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 

Through provisions in our charter and bylaws, we vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships. 
 Classified Board. Pursuant to the Articles Supplementary we filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT electing to be subject to Section 3-803 under Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL and pursuant to resolutions unanimously approved by our board, our board has been divided into three classes with two different directors in each class. At each annual meeting of the stockholders, each successor to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting will be elected to hold office for a term continuing until the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election and until a successor to that director is duly elected and qualifies. The number of directorships in each class may be changed from time to time by the board to reflect matters such as an increase or decrease in the number of directors so that each class, to the extent possible, will have the same number of directors. 
 6 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 ireit-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.25 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of April 1, 2023, is entered into by and between Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc ., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and IREIT Business Manager Advisor Inc ., an Illinois corporation (the Business Manager ). 
 WITNESSETH: 
 WHEREAS, the Company is a Maryland corporation created in accordance with Maryland General Corporation Law and intends to continue to qualify as a REIT (as defined below); 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and facilities available to the Business Manager and to have the Business Manager undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board of Directors (as defined below), all as provided herein; 
 WHEREAS, the Business Manager is willing to undertake to render these services, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Business Manager previously entered into that certain Business Management Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2012, as amended by that certain Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2019, as amended by that certain Second Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2021 (collectively, the Original Agreement ); and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Business Manager desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Definitions . As used herein, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Acquisition Expenses means any and all expenses incurred by the Company, the Business Manager or any Affiliate of either in connection with selecting, evaluating or acquiring any investment in Real Estate Assets, including but not limited to legal fees and expenses, travel and communication, appraisals and surveys, nonrefundable option payments regardless of whether the Real Estate Asset is acquired, accounting fees and expenses, computer related expenses, architectural and engineering reports, environmental and asbestos audits and surveys, title insurance and escrow fees, and personal and miscellaneous expenses. 
 Affiliate or Affiliates means, with respect to any other Person: any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; any Person ten percent (10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; any Person directly or indirectly controlling, 
 8133397.1 
 
 controlled by or under common control with such other Person; any executive officer, director, trustee, general partner or manager of such other Person; and any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee, general partner or manager. 
 Average Invested Assets means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of the assets of the Company, including all intangibles and goodwill, invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in, and Loans secured by, Real Estate Assets, and all Real Estate-Related Securities and consolidated and unconsolidated Joint Ventures or other partnerships, before non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, impairments and bad debt reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the relevant calendar quarter. 
 Board of Directors means the persons holding the office of director of the Company as of any particular time under the Charter. 
 Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which national banks are required or are authorized to be closed in Chicago, Illinois. 
 Business Management Fee means the fee payable to the Business Manager under Section 7(a) hereof. 
 Cause Event means (i) a final judgment by any court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction not stayed or vacated within thirty (30) days that the Business Manager, any of its agents or any of its assignees has committed a felony or a material violation of applicable securities laws that has a material adverse effect on the business of the Company or the ability of the Business Manager to perform its duties under the terms of this Agreement, (ii) a decree or order for relief, or the consent by the Business Manager to the entry of an order for relief, in an involuntary bankruptcy case relating to the Business Manager or the authorization or filing of a voluntary bankruptcy petition by the Business Manager, (iii) the appointment of, or consent by the Business Manager to the appointment of or taking possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Business Manager or for any substantial part of the Business Manager s property, (iv) the making by the Business Manager of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors or failure of the Business Manager generally to pay its debts as they become due, (v) the dissolution of the Business Manager or order for the winding up or liquidation of the Business Manager s affairs that is not dismissed within ninety (90) days, or (vi) a determination that the Business Manager has committed fraud against the Company, misappropriated or embezzled funds of the Company, or acted, or failed to act, in a manner constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of its duties under this Agreement; provided , however , that if any of the actions or omissions described in this clause (vi) are caused by an employee and/or officer of the Business Manager or one of its Affiliates and the Business Manager takes all necessary action against such person and cures the damage caused by such actions or omissions within thirty (30) days of such determination, then such event shall not constitute a Cause Event. 
 Charter means the articles of incorporation of the Company, as amended or restated from time to time. 
 2 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder or corresponding provisions of subsequent revenue laws. 
 Equity Stock means all classes or series of capital stock of the Company authorized under the Charter, including, without limit, its common stock, .001 par value per share, and preferred stock, .001 par value per share. 
 Fiscal Year means the calendar year ending December 31. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time or any other accounting basis mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Gross Offering Proceeds means the total proceeds from the sale of up to 150,000,000 Shares in the Offering before deducting Issuer Costs. For purposes of calculating Gross Offering Proceeds, the selling price for all Shares, including those for which volume discounts apply, shall be deemed to be 10.00 per Share. Unless specifically included in a given calculation, Gross Offering Proceeds does not include any proceeds from the sale of Shares under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Independent Director means any director of the Company who is an Independent Director for purposes of the Charter. 
 Invested Capital means the aggregate original issue price paid for the Shares, before reduction for Organization and Offering Expenses, reduced by any distribution of Sale or financing proceeds. 
 Issuer Costs means all expenses, other than Selling Commissions and the Marketing Contribution, incurred by, and to be paid from, the assets of the Company in connection with and in preparing the Company for registration and offering its Shares to the public, including, but not limited to, expenses for printing, engraving and mailing, salaries of the employees of the Company, or the Sponsor and its Affiliates, while engaged in sales activity, charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow holders, depositaries and experts, expenses of qualifying the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees and expenses. 
 Joint Venture means a joint venture, limited liability company, corporation or partnership arrangement in which the Company, or any subsidiary thereof, is a co-venturer, member, stockholder or partner with one or more other Persons or an entity, which acquires, owns or manages Real Estate Assets. 
 Key Person means a natural person who, at the time of the determination: (1) serves as an executive officer of the Company; (2) serves as an executive officer of the Business Manager; or (3) performs services that are integral to the operation of the Company, as mutually agreed upon in writing by the Company and the Business Manager; provided , however , that for purposes of clauses (1) and (2), a Key Person shall not include any person that, as of the date on which the Company has mailed or otherwise delivered the Qualifying Internalization Notice, concurrently serves as a director or executive officer of any other REIT(s) sponsored by the 
 3 

Sponsor; provided , further , that for purposes of this definition, a secretary of an entity shall not be considered an executive officer. 
 Liquidity Amount means: (1) in the case of a Sale of Real Estate Assets, the Net Sales Proceeds realized by the Company from the Sale of Real Estate Assets since the Company s inception and distributed to Stockholders, in the aggregate, plus the total amount of any other distributions paid by the Company to Stockholders, in the aggregate, from the Company s inception until the date that the Liquidity Amount is determined, in the aggregate; and (2) in the case of a Liquidity Event, the Market Value, plus the total distributions paid by the Company to Stockholders from the Company s inception until the date that the Liquidity Amount is determined. 
 Liquidity Event means a Listing or any merger, reorganization, business combination, share exchange or acquisition by any Person or related group of Persons of beneficial ownership of all or substantially all of the Shares in one or more related transactions, or another similar transaction involving the Company, pursuant to which the Stockholders receive cash or the securities of another issuer that are listed on a national securities exchange, as full or partial consideration for their Shares. 
 Listing means, in the aggregate, the filing of a Form 8-A (or any successor form) with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register any or all Shares, or the shares of common stock of any of the Company s subsidiaries , on a national securities exchange, the approval of the original listing application related thereto by the applicable exchange and the commencement of trading in the Shares, or the shares of common stock of any of the Company s subsidiaries, on the exchange. Upon a Listing, the Shares, or the shares of common stock of the Company s subsidiaries, shall be deemed Listed. A Listing shall also be deemed to occur on the effective date of a merger in which the consideration received by the holders of the Shares is securities of another issuer that are listed on a national securities exchange; provided , however , that if the merger is effectuated through a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, a Listing will not occur until the consideration received by the Company shall be distributed to the holders of the Shares. 
 Loans means debt financing evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit and Mortgage Loans. 
 Market Value means the value of the Company measured in connection with an applicable Liquidity Event determined as follows: (1) in the case of a Listing of the Shares, or the shares of common stock of any of the Company s subsidiaries, by taking the average closing price over the period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days during which the Shares, or the shares of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary, as applicable, are eligible for trading, beginning on the 180th day after Listing of the Shares, or the shares of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary, as applicable , multiplied by the number of Shares, or the shares of the common stock of the Company s subsidiary, as applicable, outstanding on the date of measurement; or (2) in the case of the receipt by Stockholders of securities of another entity that are trading on a national securities exchange prior to, or that become listed on a national securities exchange concurrent with, the consummation of the Liquidity Event, as follows: (a) in the case of securities of another entity that are trading on a national securities exchange prior to the consummation of the Liquidity 
 4 

Event, the value ascribed to the securities in the transaction giving rise to the Liquidity Event, multiplied by the number of those securities issued to the holders of the Shares in respect of the transaction; and (b) in the case of securities of another entity that become listed on a national securities exchange concurrent with the consummation of the Liquidity Event, the average closing price over a period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days during which the securities are eligible for trading, beginning on the 180th day after the listing of the securities, multiplied by the number of those securities issued to the holders of the Shares in respect of the transaction. In addition, any distribution of cash consideration received by the Stockholders in connection with any Liquidity Event shall be added to the Market Value determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2). 
 Marketing Contribution means any and all compensation payable to underwriters, dealer managers or other broker-dealers in connection with marketing the sale of Shares, including, without limitation, compensation payable to Inland Securities Corporation, and which includes reimbursement for any out-of-pocket, itemized and detailed due diligence expenses incurred in connection with investigating the Company or any offering of Shares. 
 Mortgage Loans means notes or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations that are secured or collateralized, directly or indirectly, by Real Property or other interests in Real Property. 
 Net Sales Proceeds means the proceeds from any Sale of Real Estate Assets, less any costs incurred in selling the Real Estate Asset(s) including, but not limited to, legal fees and selling commissions and further reduced by the amount of any indebtedness encumbering the Real Estate Asset(s). 
 Offering means the initial public offering of Shares on a best efforts basis pursuant to the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses means the aggregate of all Issuer Costs, plus Selling Commissions and the Marketing Contribution. 
 Person means any individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, limited liability company, association, two or more persons having a joint or common interest or any other legal or commercial entity. 
 Priority Return means a seven percent (7.0 per annum cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded return on Invested Capital. 
 Property or Properties means interests in: (1) Real Property; (2) long-term ground leases; or (3) any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment, whether or not located on the Real Property, in each case owned or to be owned by the Company either directly or indirectly through one or more Affiliates, Joint Ventures, partnerships or other legal entities. 
 Property Improvements means any monies invested or otherwise funded by the Company, directly or indirectly to develop, construct, renovate, or otherwise physically improve a Real Estate Asset, including, but not limited to major tenant improvements, whether pursuant to allowances, concessions or rent abatements, all to the extent that the monies invested or funded 
 5 

for each of these purposes were approved by the Board of Directors as part of the initial plan for the Real Estate Asset. 
 Prospectus has the meaning set forth in Section 2(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), including a preliminary prospectus, an offering circular as described in Rule 253 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act, or, in the case of an intrastate offering, any document by whatever name known, utilized for the purpose of offering and selling the Shares to the public. 
 Real Estate Assets means any and all Properties and other direct or indirect investments in equity interests in, or Loans secured, directly or indirectly, by, or otherwise relating to, Property (other than investments in bank accounts, money market funds or other current assets), including any interest in a Joint Venture, owned by the Company, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates or Joint Ventures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Real Estate Assets shall not include any investments in Real Estate-Related Securities. 
 Real Estate Manager means Inland Commercial Real Estate Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any of its successors or assigns, or entities owned or controlled by the Sponsor and engaged by the Company to manage a Property or Properties. 
 Real Estate-Related Securities means investments in equity securities of both publicly traded and private companies, including REITs and pass-through entities, that own Real Estate Assets, including investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities, owned by the Company, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates or Joint Ventures, but excluding, for these purposes, ownership interests in a Joint Venture. 
 Real Property means land, rights or interests in land (including, but not limited to, leasehold interests), and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment located on, or used in connection with, land and rights or interest in land. 
 REIT means a real estate investment trust as defined in Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. 
 Sale means any transaction or series of transactions, regardless of whether Net Sales Proceeds are distributed to Stockholders as a result thereof, whereby: (1) the Company directly or indirectly, including through any Affiliate (except as described in other subsections of this definition), sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any Real Estate Asset or portion thereof, except for a contribution to a Joint Venture in which the Company, directly or indirectly, has, or will have, an ownership interest; (2) the Company directly or indirectly, including through any Affiliate (except as described in other subsections of this definition), sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of all or substantially all of the interest of the Company in any Joint Venture in which it is a co-venturer or partner; (3) any Joint Venture directly or indirectly (except as described in other subsections of this definition) sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any Real Estate Asset or portion thereof (excluding for these purposes any Loans or Mortgage Loans); (4) the Company or any Joint Venture directly or indirectly, including through any Affiliate (except as described in other subsections of this definition), sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of 
 6 

any Property or portion thereof, through any event which results in the Company or the Joint Venture, as applicable, receiving a insurance proceeds or condemnation awards; (5) the Company directly or indirectly, including through any Affiliate (except as described in other subsections of this definition), sells, grants, transfers, conveys, or relinquishes its ownership of any other Real Estate Asset not previously described in this definition or any portion thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the sale, grant, transfer or conveyance of any Real Estate-Related Security shall not be treated as a Sale hereunder. 
 Selling Commissions means any and all commissions, not to exceed seven percent (7.0 of the gross offering price of any Shares, payable to underwriters, dealer managers or other broker-dealers in connection with the sale of Shares. 
 Shares means the shares of common stock, par value .001 per share, of the Company, and Share means one of those Shares. 
 Sponsor means Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 Stockholders means holders of shares of the Company s common stock, .001 par value per share, or any other share of Equity Stock having the right to elect directors of the Company. 
 2. Duties of the Business Manager . The Business Manager shall consult with the Company and shall furnish advice and recommendations with respect to all aspects of the business and affairs of the Company. The Business Manager shall inform the Board of Directors of factors that come to the Business Manager s attention that may, in its opinion, influence the policies of the Company. Subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors and consistent with the provisions of the Charter, the Business Manager, directly or indirectly through Affiliates or third parties supervised by the Business Manager or its Affiliates, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: 

(a) identify potential investment opportunities in Real Estate Assets located in the United States, consistent with the Company s investment objectives and policies; including but not limited to: 

(i) locating, analyzing and selecting potential investments in Real Estate Assets; 

(ii) structuring and negotiating the terms and conditions of acquisition and disposition transactions; 

(iii) arranging financing and refinancing or other changes in the asset or capital structure of the Company and reinvesting the proceeds from the Sale of, or otherwise deal with the investments in, Real Estate Assets; and 

(iv) overseeing material leases and service contracts, related to the Real Estate Assets. 

(b) assist the Board of Directors in evaluating investment opportunities; 

7 

(c) provide the Board of Directors with research and other statistical data and analysis in connection with Real Estate Assets and the Company s operations and investment policies; 

(d) manage the Company s day-to-day operations, consistent with the investment objectives and policies established by the Board of Directors from time to time, including hiring and supervising Company employees, if any; 

(e) investigate and conduct relations with lenders, consultants, accountants, brokers, third party asset managers, attorneys, underwriters, appraisers, insurers, corporate fiduciaries, banks, builders and developers, sellers and buyers of investments and persons acting in any other capacity specified by the Company from time to time, and enter into contracts in the Company s name with, and retaining and supervising services performed by, such parties in connection with investments that have been or may be acquired or disposed of by the Company; 

(f) cooperate with the Real Estate Manager in connection with real estate management services and other activities relating to Real Estate Assets, subject to any requirement under the laws, rules and regulations affecting REITs that own Real Property that the Business Manager or the Real Estate Manager, as the case may be, qualifies as an independent contractor as that phrase is used in connection with applicable laws, rules and regulations affecting REITs; 

(g) upon request of the Company, act, or obtain the services of others to act, as attorney-in-fact or agent of the Company in making, acquiring and disposing of investments, disbursing and collecting funds in connection with any acquisition or disposition, paying the debts and fulfilling the obligations of the Company and handling, prosecuting and settling any claims of the Company, including foreclosing and otherwise enforcing mortgage and other liens and security interests securing investments; 

(h) assist in negotiations on behalf of the Company with investment banking firms and other institutions or investors for public or private sales of Equity Stock or for other financing on behalf of the Company, provided that in no event may the Business Manager act as a broker, dealer, underwriter or investment advisor of, or for, the Company; 

(i) maintain, with respect to any Real Property and to the extent available, title insurance or other assurance of title and customary fire, casualty and public liability insurance; 

(j) coordinate placement of casualty and public liability insurance and directors and officers insurance; 

(k) except as otherwise provided by the Company, provide office space, equipment and personnel as required for the performance of the foregoing services as Business Manager, subject to the reimbursement of costs associated therewith; 

(l) advise the Board of Directors, from time to time, of the Company s operating results and coordinate preparation, with the Real Estate Manager, of an operating budget 

8 

including one, three and five year projections of operating results and such other reports as may be appropriate for each Real Estate Asset; 

(m) prepare, on behalf of the Company, and supervise the filing of all reports required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation Current Reports on Form 8-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and all reports and returns required by the Internal Revenue Service, other state or federal governmental agencies or other Company vendors relating to the Company and its operations, including specifically its compliance with REIT rules; 

(n) prepare, on behalf of the Company, and supervise the distribution of reports to Stockholders, and act on behalf of the Company to communicate with Stockholders, brokers, dealers, financial advisors and custodians, whether by in person, written, electronic or telephonic means; 

(o) arrange for, and plan, the Company s annual meetings of Stockholders; 

(p) supervise communications with the Company s transfer agent; 

(q) maintain the Company s books and records including, but not limited to, appraisals and fairness opinions obtained in connection with acquiring or disposing Real Estate Assets; 

(r) assist the Board of Directors in evaluating Sales and Liquidity Events, including without limitation: (i) performing due diligence in connection with investigating potential Sales or Liquidity Events; (ii) selecting and conducting relations with experts, investment banking firms and potential acquirors of Real Estate Assets, among others; (iii) preparing investment and other strategic models regarding Liquidity Events for evaluation by the Board of Directors; and (iv) preparing written reports and making presentations regarding potential Sales and Liquidity Events to the Board of Directors; 

(s) administer the Company s bookkeeping and accounting functions, including without limitation: (i) establishing and implementing accounting and financial reporting procedures, processes and policies; (ii) maintaining the Company s general ledger and sub ledgers; (iii) recording investments in Real Estate Assets, investments in Joint Ventures and any funding of indebtedness; (iv) performing accounting research; (v) budgeting, forecasting and analyzing the Company s performance; (vi) assisting in selecting and implementing accounting and financial system software; (vii) overseeing platform accounting functions and practices; (viii) reporting to the Board of Directors and audit committee; (ix) monitoring the Company s compliance with The Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls; (x) monitoring and ensuring compliance with ratios and covenants set forth in the loan documents for any Loans; (xi) providing required monthly, quarterly and annual financial reporting to the Company s lenders; and (xii) ensuring proper accounting treatment for derivative instruments; 

9 

(t) enter into ancillary agreements with the Sponsor and its Affiliates to arrange for the services and licenses to be provided by the Business Manager hereunder, as summarized on Schedule 2(t) hereto (collectively, the Service Provider Agreements ); 

(u) undertake and perform all services or other activities necessary and proper to carry out the Company s investment objectives, including providing secretarial, clerical and administrative assistance for the Company and maintaining a web site that provides up-to-date Company information; and 

(v) undertake and perform all services necessary and proper to ensure the Company s compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to its business. 

3. No Partnership or Joint Venture . The Company and the Business Manager are not, and shall not be deemed to be, partners or Joint Venturers with each other. 

4. REIT Qualifications . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Business Manager shall refrain from taking any action that, in its reasonable judgment or in any judgment of the Board of Directors of which the Business Manager has written notice, would adversely affect the qualification of the Company as a REIT under the Code or that would violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company, its Equity Stock or its Real Estate Assets, or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Charter. If any such action is ordered by the Board of Directors, the Business Manager shall promptly notify the Board of Directors that, in the Business Manager s judgment, the action would adversely affect the Company s status as a REIT or violate any law, rule or regulation or the Charter, and that the Business Manager shall refrain from taking such action pending further clarification or instruction from the Board of Directors. 

5. Bank Accounts . At the direction of the Board of Directors or the officers of the Company, the Business Manager shall establish and maintain bank accounts in the name of the Company, and shall collect and deposit into and disburse from such accounts moneys on behalf of the Company, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may approve, provided that no funds in any such account shall be commingled with funds of the Business Manager. The Business Manager shall, from time to time, as the Board of Directors or the officers of the Company may require, render appropriate accountings of such collections, deposits and disbursements to the Board of Directors and to the Company s auditors. 

6. Fidelity Bond . The Business Manager shall not be required to obtain or maintain a fidelity bond in connection with performing its services hereunder. 

7. Compensation . Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 12 hereof, and in addition to any compensation for additional services that may be paid pursuant to Section 9 hereof, for services rendered hereunder the Company shall pay, in cash, to the Business Manager the following: 

(a) An annual business management fee (the Business Management Fee equal to 0.55 of Average Invested Assets, payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.1375 of Average Invested Assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding quarter; provided , that the Business Manager may decide, in its sole discretion, to be paid an amount less than 

10 

the total amount to which it is entitled in any particular quarter, and the excess amount that is not paid may, in the Business Manager s sole discretion, be waived permanently or deferred or accrued, without interest, to be paid at a later point in time. 

(b) Upon any (i) Sale of Real Estate Assets in which the Net Sales Proceeds resulting from the Sale are specifically identified and distributed to Stockholders or (ii) Liquidity Event (each, an Incentive Triggering Event ), an incentive fee equal to ten percent (10.0 of the amount by which: (1) the Liquidity Amount exceeds (2) Invested Capital, plus the total distributions required to be paid to Stockholders in order to pay them the Priority Return, measured as of the date of the applicable Incentive Triggering Event set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 7(b) ; provided , that if the Company has not satisfied the Priority Return at the time of any particular Incentive Triggering Event, this fee shall be paid on any future Incentive Triggering Event if, at the time, the Company has satisfied the return requirements set forth in clause (2) herein. 

8. Expenses. 

(a) In addition to the compensation paid to the Business Manager pursuant to Section 7 and Section 9 hereof, and subject to the limits herein, the Company shall reimburse the Business Manager, the Sponsor and their respective Affiliates for all expenses attributable to the Company paid or incurred by the Business Manager, the Sponsor or their respective Affiliates in providing certain services and licenses hereunder, including all expenses and the costs of salaries and benefits of persons employed by the Business Manager, the Sponsor and their respective Affiliates and performing services for the Company, except for the salaries and benefits of persons who also serve as one of the Company s executive officers or as an executive officer of the Business Manager or its Affiliates. For purposes of this Section 8(a) , a secretary of an entity shall not be considered an executive officer. 

(b) Expenses that the Company shall reimburse pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof include, but are not limited to all: 

(i) Issuer Costs, in an amount not to exceed one and one-half percent (1.5 of Gross Offering Proceeds; 

(ii) expenses, including Acquisition Expenses incurred in connection with selecting or acquiring Real Estate Assets or any Sale of Real Estate Assets or any contribution of Real Estate Assets to a Joint Venture; 

(iii) the actual cost of goods and services purchased for and used by the Company and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Business Manager; 

(iv) interest and other costs for money borrowed on behalf of the Company, including points and other similar fees; 

(v) taxes and assessments on income or attributed to Real Property; 

11 

(vi) premiums and other associated fees for insurance policies including director and officer liability insurance; 

(vii) expenses of managing and operating Real Estate Assets owned by the Company, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Company or a non-affiliated Person; 

(viii) fees and expenses paid to members of the Board of Directors and the fees and costs of any meetings of the Board of Directors or Stockholders; 

(ix) expenses associated with dividends or distributions paid or caused to be paid by the Company to Stockholders; 

(x) expenses of organizing the Company and filing, revising, amending, converting or modifying the Charter or the bylaws; 

(xi) expenses associated with Stockholder communications including the cost of preparing, printing and mailing annual reports, proxy statements and other reports required by governmental entities; 

(xii) administrative service expenses charged to, or for the benefit of, the Company by non-affiliated third parties; 

(xiii) audit, accounting and legal fees charged to, or for the benefit of, the Company by non-affiliated third parties; 

(xiv) transfer agent and registrar s fees and charges; 

(xv) expenses relating to any offices or office facilities maintained solely for the benefit of the Company that are separate and distinct from the Company s executive offices; 

(xvi) payments made by the Business Manager to Affiliates of the Sponsor for the services and licenses provided for the benefit of the Company, as summarized on Schedule 2(t) hereto; 

(xvii) expenses incurred in connection with any Liquidity Event or Qualifying Internalization (as defined in Section 10(a) ); and 

(xviii) expenses incurred in connection with any investment in Real Estate-Related Securities and charged to, or for the benefit of, the Company by non-affiliated third parties. 

(c) The Company shall also reimburse the Business Manager, the Sponsor and their respective Affiliates pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof for the salaries and benefits of persons employed by the Business Manager, the Sponsor or their respective Affiliates and performing services for the Company, subject to the following: 

12 

(i) In the case of employees of the Sponsor who also provide services for other entities sponsored by, or affiliated with, the Sponsor, the Company shall reimburse only a pro rata portion of the salary and benefits of these persons based on the amount of time spent by such persons on matters for the Company compared to the time spent by such persons on all other matters including the Company s matters. 

(ii) In the case of Affiliates of the Sponsor (excluding the Sponsor and Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services, Inc.), and unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company or the Business Manager, the Company shall be responsible for the payment of the charges billed by such Affiliates for work done for the benefit of the Company. Such charges shall be based upon: (A) such Affiliate s hourly billing rate of its employees, (B) fixed amounts or (C) a combination of the hourly billing rate and fixed amounts, all as set forth in the respective Service Provider Agreements between the Business Manager or the Company and the Affiliate. The hourly billing rate for employees of Affiliates of the Sponsor shall be based on the budgeted salaries, benefits, overhead and operating expenses of such Affiliates. In the event that an Affiliate of the Sponsor providing services for the benefit of the Company has revenues for any one Fiscal Year that exceed its expenses for that year, such Affiliate shall rebate the excess on a pro rata basis to its clients based on the revenues attributable to such client. 

In each case, the Company shall reimburse salaries and related salary expenses pursuant to this Section 8(c) irrespective of whether the services performed by the subject persons could have been performed directly for the Company by independent, non-affiliated third parties. 
 (d) The Business Manager shall prepare a statement documenting the expenses paid or incurred by the Business Manager, the Sponsor and their respective Affiliates for the Company on a monthly basis. The Company shall reimburse the Business Manager, the Sponsor and their respective Affiliates for any expenses reimbursable in accordance with this Section 8 within twenty (20) days after receipt of such statements. With respect to expenses incurred by Affiliates of the Sponsor related to services and licenses provided for the benefit of the Company, or payments made for these services and licenses, the Business Manager, in its sole discretion, may arrange for payment to be made directly from the Company to the Affiliates of the Sponsor. 

(e) The Business Manager shall cause the Sponsor and its Affiliates to direct their employees, who perform services for the Company, to keep time sheets or other appropriate billing records and receipts in connection with any reimbursement of expenses made by the Company pursuant to this Section 8 . All time sheets or other appropriate billing records or receipts shall be made available to the Company for review or inspection upon reasonable request to the Business Manager. 

13 

9. Compensation for Additional Services, Certain Limitations . The Company and the Business Manager will separately negotiate and agree on the fees for any additional services that the Company asks the Business Manager or its Affiliates to render in addition to those set forth in Section 2 hereof. Any additional fees or reimbursements to be paid by the Company in connection with the additional services must be fair and reasonable and shall be approved by a majority of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. 

10. Qualifying Internalization . 

(a) Qualifying Internalization Process . At any time following the one-year anniversary of the completion of the Offering, the Company may elect to internalize the functions performed by the Business Manager through an agreed-upon, one-year transition with the Business Manager on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 10 (a Qualifying Internalization ). Any decision to pursue a Qualifying Internalization must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors. If the Company elects to pursue a Qualifying Internalization, the Company shall provide written notice to the Business Manager, stating the Company s intention to pursue the Qualifying Internalization (the Qualifying Internalization Notice ). During the one-year period commencing upon the Business Manager s receipt of the Qualifying Internalization Notice and ending on the one-year anniversary thereof (the Transition Period ), the Company and the Business Manager shall transition the services provided by the Business Manager to the Company, as follows: 

(i) during the Transition Period (the Solicitation Period ), the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, may, without the Business Manager s consent, solicit and offer to hire each Key Person for employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; provided , however , that any Key Person solicited or hired by the Company or its subsidiaries during the Solicitation Period shall not commence his or her employment with the Company or its subsidiaries until the Completion Date (as hereinafter defined); provided , further , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the non-solicitation provisions of Section 19 of this Agreement shall not apply to the Key Persons during the Solicitation Period; and 

(ii) upon the written request of the Company, the Business Manager shall assign one or more of the Service Provider Agreements to the Company. 

The closing of the Qualifying Internalization shall occur on the last business day of the Transition Period or such other date that the Company and the Business Manager mutually agree (the Completion Date This Agreement shall terminate on the Completion Date. 
 (b) Compensation During the Transition Period . The Company shall not pay any internalization fee to acquire the Business Manager. The Company shall continue to compensate the Business Manager on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement throughout the Transition Period. In addition, Company, in its sole discretion, may agree to pay or reimburse the Business Manager for: (x) costs and expenses the Business 

14 

Manager has incurred on the Company s behalf in connection with the Qualifying Internalization; and (y) costs and expenses the Business Manager incurs directly in connection with the Qualifying Internalization. 

(c) Other Arrangements . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10(b) of this Agreement, the Company and the Business Manager may enter into separate arrangements for the purchase and sale of tangible assets or services in connection with the Qualifying Internalization, which are not addressed by paragraphs (i) and (ii) of Section 10(a) of this Agreement. These arrangements shall be subject to the negotiation and execution of definitive agreements acceptable to both parties. 

11. Statements . Within a reasonable period of time following the end of each fiscal or calendar quarter, the Business Manager or service entity shall furnish to the Company a statement or invoice computing any and all fees and expense reimbursements due hereunder. The Business Manager shall also furnish to the Company, within a reasonable period of time following the end of each Fiscal Year, a statement computing the fees payable to the Business Manager for the just completed Fiscal Year. 

12. Intentionally Omitted . 

13. Other Activities of the Business Manager . Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Business Manager or any Affiliate of the Business Manager (including the Sponsor) from engaging in any other business or activity including rendering services or advising on real estate investment opportunities to any other person or entity. 

14. Term; Termination of Agreement . 

(a) Term . The term of this Agreement commences on April 1, 2023 and ends on March 31, 2027 (the Term ). 

(b) Termination by the Company for a Cause Event . With the affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent Directors, the Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice from the Company to the Business Manager due to the occurrence of a Cause Event. The Business Manager agrees that if any of the events specified in clauses (ii) through (v) of the definition of Cause Event occurs, it will give written notice thereof to the Company within seven (7) days after the occurrence of such event. 

(c) Termination by the Company for Convenience . With the affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent Directors, the Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice from the Company to the Business Manager for convenience. 

(d) Termination by the Business Manager . The Business Manager may terminate this Agreement effective upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice of termination to the Company and the Independent Directors in the event that the Company shall default in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in this Agreement and such default shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days after written 

15 

notice thereof specifying such default and requesting that the same be remedied in such thirty (30) day period. 

(e) Termination Pursuant to a Qualifying Internalization . This Agreement shall terminate on the Completion Date, as described in Section 10 of this Agreement. 

(f) Effect of Termination . 

(i) If this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 14(b)(Termination by the Company for a Cause Event) , the Business Manager shall not be entitled to compensation after the date of termination, but shall be paid all compensation accruing or accrued to the date of termination, or which the Business Manager has deferred and then elects to be paid at the time of termination; provided , that with respect to any Business Management Fee payable under Section 7(a) of this Agreement for the calendar quarter in which the termination occurred, the Business Manager shall be paid on a pro rata basis through the date of termination, based on the number of days in such calendar quarter for which the Business Manager served as such under this Agreement. 

(ii) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14(c)(Termination by the Company for Convenience) , Section 14(d)(Termination by the Business Manager) or Section 14(e)(Termination Pursuant to a Qualifying Internalization) , the Business Manager shall be entitled to payment of the Business Management Fee payable under Section 7(a) for the remainder of the Term using the calculations made for the calendar quarter in which the Agreement was terminated and payable on or before thirty (30) days following the effective date of termination. In addition, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14(e)(Termination Pursuant to a Qualifying Internalization) , with respect to the incentive fee payable under Section 7(b) , the Business Manager, or its successor or designee, shall be entitled to an incentive fee equal to the product of: (x) the amount of the incentive fee to which the Business Manager would have been entitled under Section 7(b) had this Agreement not been terminated; and (y) the quotient of the number of days elapsed from the effective date of the Original Agreement through the Completion Date and the number of days elapsed from the date of the Original Agreement through the date of the closing of the applicable Incentive Triggering Event. 

(g) Obligations Following Termination . If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 14 , the parties shall have no liability or obligation to each other including any obligations imposed by Section 2(a) hereof, except as provided in this Section 14 and in Section 17 and Section 19 . Further, if this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 14(b) or Section 14(c) or by the Business Manager pursuant to Section 14(d) after the date on which the Company has mailed or otherwise delivered the Qualifying Internalization Notice, the parties shall immediately cease all actions undertaken in connection with the Qualifying Internalization and shall take no further actions in connection therewith. 

16 

15. Assignments . The Business Manager may not assign this Agreement except to a successor organization that acquires substantially all of its property and carries on the affairs of the Business Manager; provided that following the assignment, the persons who controlled the operations of the Business Manager immediately prior thereto (the Control Persons ), control the operations of the successor organization, including the performance of duties under this Agreement; provided , further , that if at any time subsequent to the assignment the Control Persons cease to control the operations of the successor organization, the Company may thereupon terminate this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company, by operation of law or otherwise, without the consent of the Business Manager. Any permitted assignment of this Agreement shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the assignor is bound hereunder. 

16. Intentionally Omitted . 

17. Action Upon Termination; Survival of Certain Provisions . Except as otherwise set forth herein, upon termination of this Agreement, including any termination pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, the parties shall have no further liability or obligation hereunder, provided that Sections 14, 17, 19 and 24 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

18. Actions Upon Termination . In connection with the termination of this Agreement, the Business Manager shall: 

(a) pay over to the Company all moneys collected and held for the account of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued or deferred compensation and reimbursement for expenses to which the Business Manager is entitled; 

(b) deliver to the Board of Directors a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by the Business Manager and a statement of all money held by the Business Manager, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board of Directors to the date of termination; 

(c) deliver to the Board of Directors all property and documents of the Company then in the custody of the Business Manager; and 

(d) cooperate with the Company and take all reasonable steps requested by the Company to assist the Board of Directors in making an orderly transition of the functions performed by the Business Manager. 

19. Non-Solicitation . Except as otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, during the period commencing on the date the Original Agreement was entered into and ending one year following the termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not, without the Business Manager s prior written consent, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, induce, or encourage any person, including any Key Person, to leave the employment or other service of the Business Manager or any of its Affiliates to become employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (ii) hire or offer to hire, on behalf of the Company or any other Person, firm, corporation or other business organization, any employee of the Business Manager or any of its Affiliates, including any Key Person. Further, except as otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, with respect to any person who left the employment of the Business Manager or any of its Affiliates (x) during the term of 

17 

this Agreement or (y) within six months immediately after the termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not, without the Business Manager s prior written consent, directly or indirectly hire or offer to hire on behalf of the Company or any other Person, firm, corporation or other business organization, that person during the six months immediately following his or her cessation of employment. 

20. Tradename and Marks . The Company has entered into a license agreement granting the Company the right, subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, to use the Inland name and marks. 

21. Amendments . This Agreement shall not be amended, changed, modified or terminated, or the obligations hereunder discharged, in whole or in part except by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto, or their respective successors or assigns, or otherwise provided in Section 10 of this Agreement. 

22. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall bind, any successors or assigns of the parties hereto. 

23. Governing Law . The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

24. Liability and Indemnification . 

(a) The Business Manager shall have no responsibility other than to render the services and take the actions described herein in good faith and with the exercise of due care and shall not be responsible for any action of the Board of Directors in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation of the Business Manager. The Business Manager (including its officers, directors, managers, employees and members) will not be liable for any act or omission by the Business Manager (or its officers, directors, managers, employees and members) performed in accordance with and pursuant to this Agreement, except by reason of acts constituting gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement. 

(b) The Company shall indemnify the Business Manager and its officers, directors, employees and agents (individually an Indemnitee, collectively the Indemnitees to the full extent lawful, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities of any nature whatsoever with respect to or arising from any acts or omission of the Business Manager (including ordinary negligence) in its capacity as such, except with respect to losses, claims, damages or liabilities with respect to or arising out of such Indemnitees gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement. 

(c) The Company shall not indemnify any Indemnitee seeking indemnification for losses, liabilities or expenses arising from, or out of, an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws Securities Claims unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 

18 

(i) there has been a successful adjudication for the Indemnitee on the merits of each count involving alleged material Securities Claims as to such Indemnitee; 

(ii) the Securities Claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to such Indemnitee; or 

(iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the Securities Claims and finds that indemnification for the costs of settlement and related costs should be made and the court considering the request has been advised of the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission and of the published opinions of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities of the Company were offered and sold as to indemnification for Securities Claims. 

(d) The Company shall advance amounts to Indemnitees entitled to indemnification hereunder for legal and other expenses and costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being sought only if all of the following conditions are satisfied: 

(i) the legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services by the Indemnitee for or on behalf of the Company; 

(ii) the Indemnitee receiving advances affirms its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company has been met and undertakes in writing to repay the advanced funds to the Company in cases in which the party is found not to be entitled to indemnification. 

25. Notices . All notices, requests or demands to be given under this Agreement from one party to the other (collectively, Notices and individually a Notice shall be in writing and shall be given by personal delivery, or by overnight courier service for next Business Day delivery at the other party s address set forth below, or by email at the other party s email address set forth below. Notices given by personal delivery i.e. , by the sending party or a messenger) shall be deemed given on the date of delivery. Notices given by overnight courier service shall be deemed given upon deposit with the overnight courier service and Notices given by email transmission shall be deemed given on the date of transmission provided such transmission is completed by 5:00 p.m. (sending party s local time) on a Business Day and no undelivered message is received, otherwise such delivery shall be deemed to occur on the next succeeding Business Day. If any party s address is a business, receipt, or the refusal to accept delivery, by a receptionist or by any Person in the employ of such party, shall be deemed actual receipt by the party of Notices. Notices may be issued by an attorney for a party and in such case such Notices shall be deemed given by such party. The parties addresses are as follows: 

If to the Company: 
 Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 2901 Butterfield Road Oak Brook, IL 60523 Attention: Mr. Mitchell A. Sabshon 

19 

Telephone:	(630) 218-8000 Email: msabshon@inland-investments.com 

If to the Business Manager: 
 IREIT Business Manager Advisor Inc. 2901 Butterfield Road Oak Brook, IL 60523 Attention: Mr. Daniel Zatloukal Telephone:	(630) 218-8000 Email: daniel.zatloukal@inlandgroup.com 

Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other party of a change of its address for the purpose of this Section 25 . 
 26. Conflicts of Interest and Fiduciary Relationship to the Company and to the Company s Stockholders . The Company and the Business Manager recognize that their relationship is subject to various conflicts of interest. The Business Manager, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, acknowledges that the Business Manager has a fiduciary relationship to the Company and to the Stockholders. The Business Manager, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, shall endeavor to balance the interests of the Company with the interests of the Business Manager and its Affiliates in making any determination where a conflict of interest exists between the Company and the Business Manager or its Affiliates. 

27. Headings . The section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 
 20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 BUSINESS MANAGER: 

Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 
 IREIT Business Manager Advisor Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Mitchell A . Sabshon 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Zatloukal 

Name: 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 
 
 Name: 
 Daniel Zatloukal 

Its: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Its: 
 Senior Vice President/Asset Management 

21 

Schedule 2(t) 
 The Business Manager has entered into the Service Provider Agreements with certain Affiliates of the Sponsor, as summarized below (as used in this Schedule 2(t), the Service Providers ), to arrange for the services and licenses to be provided by the Business Manager under this Agreement, as summarized below. 
 Insurance and Risk Management Services. Inland Risk and Insurance Management Services, Inc., or IRIM, will provide insurance and risk management services, including negotiating and obtaining insurance policies, managing and settling claims and reviewing and monitoring the Company s insurance policies. IRIM will receive a portion of commissions paid by insurance companies to third party brokers for placing insurance policies for the Company. So long as IRIM receives commissions in an amount sufficient to cover operating expenses, the Company will not pay any fees or reimbursements for the services provided by IRIM. 

Institutional Investor Relationship Services . Inland Institutional Capital Partners Corporation, or ICAP, will provide advice regarding the Company s current market position, secure institutional investor commitments, and form joint ventures with unaffiliated operating partners, each as requested by the Business Manager. The Business Manager will pay ICAP any fees or expenses related to the services it provides for the Company. The Company will not reimburse ICAP for any expenses incurred in providing these services. 

Investment Advisory Services . Inland Investment Advisors, Inc., or Inland Advisors, will provide investment advisory agreement services. This agreement will grant Inland Advisors full discretionary authority to invest or reinvest certain of the Company s assets in securities of publicly traded and privately held entities, and will give Inland Advisors the power to act as the Company s proxy and attorney-in-fact to vote, tender or direct the voting or tendering of these securities. The Business Manager will assign to Inland Advisors any portion of the annual business management fee that it earns on the Company s investments in securities. The Company will not reimburse Inland Advisors for any expenses incurred in providing these services. 

Mortgage Placement Services . Inland Mortgage Brokerage Corporation, or IMBC, and Inland Commercial Mortgage Corporation, or ICMC, will place mortgages for the Company, as requested by the Business Manager. 

Mortgage Servicing . Inland Mortgage Servicing Corporation, or IMSC, will service mortgages for the Company, as requested by the Business Manager. 

Software License . The IT Department of The Inland Real Estate Group, LLC TIREG IT will grant the Business Manager a non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use and copy software owned by TIREG IT and to use certain third party software according to the terms of the applicable third party licenses to TIREG IT, all in connection with the Business Manager s obligations under the 

22 

Agreement. TIREG IT will provide the Business Manager with all upgrades to the licensed software, as available. 

Master Services Agreement . The Inland Real Estate Group, LLC will provide services related to communications, technology, office services, personnel and property tax. 

23 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 ireit-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State of FORMATION 

IREIT Athens Eastside, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Branson Hills, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Branson Hills Plaza T, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Conyers Heritage, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Coral Springs North Hills, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Daleville DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Denton Village, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT DG SPE II Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT DG SPE Member, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT East Brewton DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Flowood Dogwood, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Fresno El Paseo, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Frisco Marketplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Frisco Marketplace Outlot, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Harvest Square, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Hot Springs Fairgrounds, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Jacksonville Richlands, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Kansas City Burlington Creek, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Katy Green Tree, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Lake St. Louis Hawk Ridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Layton Pointe, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Little Rock Midtowne, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Little Rock Park Avenue, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Louisville Dixie Valley, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Lynchburg Lakeside, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Mansfield Pointe, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Milford Marketplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Mobile Moffett DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT MS Mezz TRS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT MS TRS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Neenah Fox Point, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Newington Fair, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Newport News Tech Center, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT North Myrtle Beach Coastal North, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Northville Park Place, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

IREIT Ocean Isle Beach Landing, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Olive Branch Wedgewood, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Orange Rusty Leaf, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Owings Mills New Town, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Papillion Market Pointe, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Pittsburgh Settlers Ridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Plaistow Pentucket, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Pleasant Prairie Plaza, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Pleasant Prairie Ridge, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Pleasant Prairie Ridge Outlot, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Prattville Legends, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Robertsdale DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Shoppes at Branson Hills K, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Shreveport Regal Court, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Shrewsbury White City, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Smyrna Olde Ivy Village, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT South Jordan Oquirrh Mountain, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Stevens Point Pinecrest, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT TRS, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Turlock Blossom Valley, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Valencia Northpark, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Valley DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT West Bend Main, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT West Valley City Lake Park, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Wetumpka DG, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Wilson Marketplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Woodbury Cityplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Yardley Lower Makefield, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

IREIT Yorkville Marketplace, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ireit-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-207519) on Form S-3D of our report dated March 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule III of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 ireit-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Mitchell A. Sabshon, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 ireit-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Catherine L. Lynch, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Catherine L. Lynch 

Name: 
 
 Catherine L. Lynch 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 ireit-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Mitchell A. Sabshon, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Name: 
 
 Mitchell A. Sabshon 

Title: 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 ireit-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Catherine L. Lynch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Catherine L. Lynch 

Name: 
 
 Catherine L. Lynch 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ireit-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ireit-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ireit-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ireit-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ireit-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

