<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_763563_0000763563-23-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21919068</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>370534</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3361779</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9689859</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4225278</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3780713</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000763563-23-000037.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322150934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000763563-23-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000763563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				161237038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35741
		FILM NUMBER:		23752735

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CHEMUNG CANAL PLZ
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1522
		CITY:			ELMIRA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6077373711

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CHEMUNG CANAL PLZ
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1522
		CITY:			ELMIRA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000763563-23-000037.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 chmg-20221231.htm
 10-K

chmg-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 I f an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 Based upon the closing price of the registrant's Common Stock as of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Form 10-K Item Number: Page No. PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 68 
 PART III 
 69 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 69 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 PART IV 
 70 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 71 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Crowe LLP 
 F- 1 
 SIGNATURES 
 F- 59 

Some of the information contained in this report concerning the markets and industry in which we operate is derived from publicly available information and from industry sources. Although we believe that this publicly available information and information provided by these industry sources are reliable, we have not independently verified the accuracy of any of this information. 
 
 To assist the reader, the Corporation has provided the following list of commonly used abbreviations and terms included in Parts I through IV. 
 
 Abbreviations 
 ACL Allowance for Credit Losses AFS Available for sale securities ALCO Asset-Liability Committee AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Bank Chemung Canal Trust Company Basel III The Third Basel Accord of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 Board of Directors Board of Directors of Chemung Financial Corporation BOLI Bank Owned Life Insurance CAM Common area maintenance charges CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CAPM Capital Asset Pricing Model CBLR Community Bank Leverage Ratio CDARS Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDO Collateralized Debt Obligation CECL Current Expected Credit Loss CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFS CFS Group, Inc. Corporation Chemung Financial Corporation COVID-19 Coronavirus disease 2019 CRA Community Reinvestment Act CRM Chemung Risk Management, Inc. DIF Deposit Insurance Fund Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ECOA Equal Credit Opportunity Act EPS Earnings per share Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FACT Act Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCRA Fair Credit Reporting Act FDIA Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FFIEC Federal Financial Institution Examination Council FHLBNY Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FINRA Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FOFC Fort Orange Financial Corporation FRB Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRBNY Federal Reserve Bank of New York Freddie Mac Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 2 

FTC Federal Trade Commission GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GLB Act Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act HTM Held to maturity securities ICS Insured Cash Sweep Service IPS Investment Policy Statement LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations NAICS North American Industry Classification System N/M Not meaningful NYSDFS New York State Department of Financial Services OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OPEB Other postemployment benefits OREO Other real estate owned OTTI Other-than-temporary impairment PCI Purchased credit impaired PPP Paycheck Protection Program Regulatory Relief Act The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 RESPA Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act Riegle-Neal Act Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act ROA Return on average assets ROE Return on average equity RWA Risk-weighted assets SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SBA Small Business Administration SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Security Guidelines Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards Securities Act Securities Act of 1933 Sarbanes-Oxley Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TDRs Troubled debt restructurings USA PATRIOT Act Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 WMG Wealth Management Group 

Terms 
 Accumulated benefit obligation An approximate measure of the pension plan liability, which is based on the assumption that the pension plan is to be terminated immediately and does not consider any future salary increases. Allowance for Credit Losses Replaces the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses as the contra asset account valuating the lifetime amount the Corporation anticipates will be unrecoverable from assets with credit risk. The ACL conforms with CECL requirements as outlined in ASU 2016-13, and will be implemented by the Corporation January 1, 2023. Allowance for loan losses to total loans Represents period-end allowance for loan losses divided by retained loans. Assets under administration Represents assets that are beneficially owned by clients and all investment decisions pertaining to these assets are also made by clients. Assets under management Represents assets that are managed on behalf of clients. Basel III A comprehensive set of reform measures designed to improve the regulation, supervision, and risk management within the banking sector. The reforms require banks to maintain proper leverage ratios and meet certain capital requirements. 
 
 3 

Benefit obligation Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans. Capital Bank Division of Chemung Canal Trust Company located in the Capital Region of New York State and includes the counties of Albany, Saratoga, Schenectady. Captive insurance company A company that provides risk-mitigation services for its parent company. CDARS Product involving a network of financial institutions that exchange certificates of deposits among members in order to ensure FDIC insurance coverage on customer deposits above the single institution limit. Using a sophisticated matching system, funds are exchanged on a dollar-for-dollar basis, so that the equivalent of an original deposit comes back to the originating institution. Collateralized debt obligation A structured financial product that pools together cash flow-generating assets, such as mortgages, bonds, and loans. Collateralized mortgage obligations A type of mortgage-backed security with principal repayments organized according to their maturities and into different classes based on risk. The mortgages serve as collateral and are organized into classes based on their risk profile. Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted on July 21, 2010 and significantly changed the bank regulatory landscape and has impacted and will continue to impact the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new rules and regulations, and to prepare various studies and reports for Congress. Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act was signed on May, 24 2018 and repeals or modifies certain provisions to the Dodd-Frank Act and will ease certain regulations on all but the largest banks. Fully taxable equivalent basis Income from tax-exempt loans and investment securities that have been increased by an amount equivalent to the taxes that would have been paid if this income were taxable at statutory rates; the corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax expense. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Holding company Consists of the operations for Chemung Financial Corporation (parent only). ICS Product involving a network of financial institutions that exchange interest-bearing money market deposits among members in order to ensure FDIC insurance coverage on customer deposits above the single institution limit. Using a sophisticated matching system, funds are exchanged on a dollar-for-dollar basis, so that the equivalent of an original deposit comes back to the originating institution. Loans held for sale Residential real estate loans originated for sale on the secondary market with maturities from 15-30 years. Long term lease obligation An obligation extending beyond the current year, which is related to a long term capital lease that is considered to have the economic characteristics of asset ownership. Mortgage-backed securities A type of asset-backed security that is secured by a collection of mortgages. Municipal clients A political unit, such as a city, town, or village, incorporated for local self-government. N/A Data is not applicable or available for the period presented. N/M Data is not meaningful in the context presented. Non-GAAP A calculation not made according to GAAP. Obligations of state and political subdivisions An obligation that is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of a state or political subdivision that has the power to tax. Obligations of U.S. Government A federally guaranteed obligation backed by the full power of the U.S. government, including Treasury bills, Treasury notes and Treasury bonds. Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored enterprise obligations Obligations of agencies originally established or chartered by the U.S. government to serve public purposes as specified by the U.S. Congress; these obligations are not explicitly guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. OREO Represents real property owned by the Corporation, which is not directly related to its business and is most frequently the result of a foreclosure on real property. 
 4 

OTTI Impairment charge taken on a security whose fair value has fallen below the carrying value on the balance sheet and whose value is not expected to recover through the holding period of the security. Political subdivision A county, city, town, or other municipal corporation, a public authority, or a publicly-owned entity that is an instrumentality of a state or a municipal corporation. Pre-provision profit/(loss) Represents total net revenue less non-interest expense, before income tax expense (benefit). The Corporation believes that this financial measure is useful in assessing the ability of a bank to generate income in excess of its provision for credit losses. Projected benefit obligation An approximate measure of the pension plan liability, which is based on the assumption that the plan will not terminate in the near future and that employees will continue to work and receive future salary increases. Regulatory Relief Act The Regulatory Relief Act was signed on May, 24 2018 and repeals or modifies certain provisions to the Dodd-Frank Act and will ease certain regulations on all but the largest banks. RWA Risk-weighted assets, which is used to calculate regulatory capital ratios, consist of on- and off-balance sheet assets that are assigned to one of several broad risk categories and weighted by factors representing their risk and potential for default. On-balance sheet assets are risk-weighted based on the perceived credit risk associated with the obligor or counterparty, the nature of any collateral, and the guarantor, if any. Off-balance sheet assets such as lending-related commitments, guarantees, derivatives and other applicable off-balance sheet positions are risk-weighted by multiplying the contractual amount by the appropriate credit conversion factor to determine the on-balance sheet credit equivalent amount, which is then risk-weighted based on the same factors used for on-balance sheet assets. Risk-weighted assets also incorporate a measure for market risk related to applicable trading assets-debt and equity instruments. The resulting risk-weighted values for each of the risk categories are then aggregated to determine total risk-weighted assets. SBA loan pools Business loans partially guaranteed by the SBA. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Sale of securities together with an agreement for the seller to buy back the securities at a later date. Tax Act The Tax Act was enacted on December 22, 2017 and amended the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The legislation reduced the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, with some related business deductions and credits being either reduced or eliminated. TDR A TDR is deemed to occur when the Corporation modifies the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty. Trust preferred securities A hybrid security with characteristics of both subordinated debt and preferred stock which allows for early redemption by the issuer, makes fixed or variable payments, and matures at face value. Unaudited Financial statements and information that have not been subjected to auditing procedures sufficient to permit an independent certified public accountant to express an opinion. WMG Provides services as executor and trustee under wills and agreements, and guardian, custodian, trustee and agent for pension, profit-sharing and other employee benefit trusts, as well as various investment, financial planning, pension, estate planning and employee benefit administration services. 

5 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 The Corporation was incorporated on January 2, 1985 under the laws of the State of New York and is headquartered in Elmira, NY. The Corporation was organized for the purpose of acquiring the Bank. The Bank was established in 1833 under the name Chemung Canal Bank, and was subsequently granted a New York State bank charter in 1895. In 1902, the Bank was reorganized as a New York State trust company under the name Elmira Trust Company, and its name was changed to Chemung Canal Trust Company in 1903. 
 The Corporation became a financial holding company in June 2000. Financial holding company status provided the Corporation with the flexibility to offer an array of financial services, such as insurance products, mutual funds, and brokerage services, which provide additional sources of fee-based income and allow the Corporation to better serve its customers. The Corporation established a financial services subsidiary, CFS, in September 2001 which offers non-banking financial services such as mutual funds, annuities, brokerage services, insurance and tax preparation services. The Corporation established a captive insurance subsidiary, CRM, based in the State of Nevada in May 2016, which insures gaps in commercial coverage and uninsured exposures in the Corporation's current insurance coverages and allows the Corporation to strengthen its overall risk management program. 
 The Corporation s Board of Directors has concluded that the expansion of the franchise s geographic footprint, an increase in the Bank s interest earning assets, and the generation of new sources of non-interest income are important components of its strategic plan. Over the last 14 years, the Corporation and the Bank have completed the following transactions to grow the franchise: 
 
 On March 14, 2008, the Bank acquired three branches from Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company in Broome and Tioga counties in New York. At the time of the acquisition, the Bank assumed 64.4 million in deposits and acquired 12.6 million in loans. 
 
 On May 29, 2009, the Corporation acquired Canton Bancorp, Inc., the holding company of Bank of Canton based in Canton, Pennsylvania. At the time of the merger, Canton Bancorp, Inc. had 81.1 million in assets, 58.8 million in loans and 72.9 million in deposits. 
 On April 8, 2011, the Corporation acquired FOFC, the holding company of Capital Bank Trust Company based in Albany, New York. At the time of the merger, Capital Bank had 254.4 million in assets, 170.7 million in loans and 199.2 million in deposits. 
 On November 23, 2013, the Bank completed the acquisition of six branch offices from Bank of America located in Cayuga, Cortland, Seneca, and Tompkins counties in New York. As part of the transaction, the Corporation acquired 177.7 million in deposits and 1.2 million in loans. 
 As of April 2, 2021, the Corporation received all regulatory approvals to operate a branch office in a new market in the Buffalo Metropolitan Area. 
 As a result of these transactions and organic growth, the Corporation had 2.646 billion in consolidated assets, 1.829 billion in loans, 2.327 billion in deposits, and 166.4 million in shareholders equity at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Growth Strate g y 
 
 The Corporation s growth strategy is to leverage its branch and digital network in current or new markets to build client relationships and grow loans and deposits. Consistent with the Corporation s community-banking model, emphasis is placed on acquiring stable, low-cost deposits, such as checking account deposits and other low interest-bearing deposits to fund high-quality loans. The Corporation evaluates potential acquisition targets based on the economic viability of their markets, the degree to which they can be effectively integrated into the Corporation s current operations, and the degree to which they are accretive to capital and earnings. 
 
 6 

Description of Business 
 
 The Corporation, through the Bank and CFS, provides a wide range of financial services, including demand, savings and time deposits, commercial, residential and consumer loans, interest rate swaps, letters of credit, wealth management services, employee benefit plans, insurance products, mutual funds and brokerage services. The Bank derives its income primarily from interest and fees on loans, interest on investment securities, WMG fee income, and fees received in connection with deposit and other services. The Bank s operating expenses are interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings, salaries and employee benefit plans, and general operating expenses. 
 CRM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which was formed and began operations on May 31, 2016, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company which insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. CRM pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. CRM is subject to regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. 
 In order to compete with other financial services companies, the Corporation relies upon personal relationships established with clients by its officers, employees, and directors. The Corporation has maintained a strong community orientation by supporting the active participation of officers and employees in local charitable, civic, school, religious, and community development activities. The Corporation believes that its emphasis on local relationship banking together with a prudent approach to lending are important factors in its success and growth. 
 For additional information, including information concerning the results of operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7. There were no material changes in the manner of doing business by the Corporation or its subsidiaries during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 
 Lending Strategy 
 
 The Corporation s objective is to channel deposits gathered locally into high-quality, market-yielding loans without taking unacceptable credit and/or interest rate risk. The Corporation seeks to have a diversified loan portfolio consisting of commercial and agricultural loans, commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, home equity lines of credit and home equity term loans, direct consumer loans, and indirect automobile loans. The Bank operates with a traditional community bank model where the relationship manager possesses credit skills and has significant influence over credit decisions. This creates value since clients and prospects know they are dealing with a decision maker. 
 
 Lending Authority 
 
 The Board of Directors establishes the lending policies, underwriting standards, and loan approval limits of the Bank. In accordance with those policies, the Board of Directors has designated certain officers to consider and approve loans within their designated authority. These officers exercise substantial authority over credit and pricing decisions, subject to loan committee approval for larger credits. The Bank recognizes that exceptions to the lending policies may occasionally occur and has established procedures for approving exceptions to these policies. 
 In underwriting loans, primary emphasis is placed on the borrower s financial condition, including ability to generate cash flow to support the debt and other cash expenses. In addition, substantial consideration is given to collateral value and marketability as well as the borrower s character, reputation and other relevant factors. Interest rates charged by the Bank vary with degree of risk, type, size, complexity, repricing frequency, and other relevant factors associated with the loans. Competition from other financial services companies also impacts interest rates charged on loans. 
 The Corporation has also implemented reporting systems to monitor loan originations, loan quality, concentration of credit, loan delinquencies, non-performing loans, and potential problem loans. 
 
 7 

Lending Segments 
 
 The Bank segments its loan portfolio into the following major lending categories: (i) commercial and agricultural, (ii) commercial mortgages, (iii) residential mortgages, and (iv) consumer loans. 
 Commercial and agricultural loans primarily consist of loans to small to mid-sized businesses in the Bank's market area in a diverse range of industries. These loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business. Further, the collateral securing the loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise, and may fluctuate in value. The credit risk related to commercial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. 
 Commercial mortgage loans generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage loans, and they, therefore, pose higher potential losses on an individual customer basis. Loan repayment is often dependent on the successful operation and management of the properties and/or the businesses occupying the properties, as well as on the collateral securing the loan. Economic events or conditions in the real estate market could have an adverse impact on the cash flows generated by properties securing the Bank s commercial real estate loans and on the value of such properties. 
 The Bank offers interest rate swaps to certain larger commercial mortgage borrowers. These swaps allow the Bank to originate a mortgage based on short-term LIBOR rates and allow the borrower to swap into a longer term fixed rate. The Bank simultaneously sells an offsetting back-to-back swap to an investment grade national bank so that it does not retain this fixed-rate risk. The swap agreements are free-standing derivatives and are recorded at fair value in the Bank's consolidated balance sheets. In December 2020, the administrator of LIBOR announced its intention to (i) cease the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 31, 2021, and (ii) cease the publication of all other tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (one, three, six and 12 month LIBOR) after June 30, 2023. Guidance from the FRB and other regulatory agencies indicated that no new contracts should be entered into after December 31, 2021 that reference LIBOR. The Corporation has transitioned to the use of SOFR or other acceptable reference rates for new loans originated. Additionally, existing contracts that reference LIBOR are being systematically transitioned to SOFR or other acceptable reference rates in advance of the June 30, 2023 end date. 
 The Bank offers fixed-rate and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans to individuals with maturities of up to 30 years that are fully amortizing with monthly loan payments. Mortgages are generally underwritten according to U.S. government sponsored enterprise guidelines designated as "A" or "A-" and referred to as "conforming loans". The Bank also originates jumbo loans above conforming loan amounts which generally are consistent with secondary market guidelines for these loans; however, these are typically held for investment. The Bank does not offer a subprime mortgage lending program. The Bank's secondary market lending is sold on a servicing-retained basis. Residential mortgage loans are generally made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment and other income, and are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable. Credit risk for these types of loans is generally influenced by general economic conditions, the characteristics of individual borrowers, and the nature of the loan collateral. 
 The consumer loan segment includes home equity lines of credit and home equity loans, which exhibit many of the same risk characteristics as residential mortgages. Indirect and other consumer loans may entail greater credit risk than residential mortgage and home equity loans, particularly in the case of other consumer loans which are unsecured or, in the case of indirect consumer loans, secured by depreciable assets, such as automobiles, recreational vehicles, or boats. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. In addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances such as job loss, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 
 
 Funding Activities 
 
 Funding Strategy 
 
 The Corporation s deposit strategy is to fund the Bank with stable, low-cost deposits, primarily checking account deposits and low interest-bearing deposit accounts. A checking account is the driver of a banking relationship and consumers consider the bank where they have their checking account as their primary bank. These customers will typically turn to their primary bank first when in need of other financial services. The Corporation also considers brokered deposits to be an element of its deposit strategy and anticipates that it will continue using brokered deposits as a secondary source of funding to support growth. Borrowings may be used on a short-term basis for liquidity purposes or on a long-term basis to fund asset growth. 
 
 8 

Funding Sources 
 
 The Corporation s primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, borrowings and funds generated from operations of the Bank. The Bank also has access to advances from the FHLBNY, other financial institutions, and the FRBNY. Contractual loan payments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general market interest rates and economic conditions. 
 The Corporation considers core deposits, consisting of non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and insured money market accounts, to be a significant component of its deposits. The Corporation monitors the activity on these core deposits and, based on historical experience and pricing strategy, believes it will continue to retain a large portion of such accounts. The Bank is currently not limited with respect to the rates that it may offer on deposit products. The Bank believes it is competitive in the types of accounts and interest rates it has offered on its deposit products. The Bank regularly evaluates the internal cost of funds, surveys rates offered by competitors, reviews cash flow requirements for lending and liquidity, and executes rate changes when necessary as part of its asset/liability management, profitability and growth strategies. 
 The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in prevailing interest rates and competition. The Bank s deposits are obtained predominantly from the areas in which its retail offices are located. The Bank relies primarily on customer service, long-standing relationships and other banking services, including loans and wealth management services, to attract and retain these deposits. However, market interest rates and rates offered by competing financial institutions affect the Bank s ability to attract and retain deposits. The Bank utilizes a combination of traditional media, including print, television, and radio, as well as digital advertising, such as social media, display, OTT (over-the-top) streaming and eBlasts, when advertising its deposit products. 
 
 Investment Activities 
 
 The general objective of the Bank's investment portfolio is to provide liquidity when loan demand is high, and to absorb excess funds when demand is low. The securities portfolio also provides a medium for certain interest risk measures intended to maintain an appropriate balance between interest income from loans and total interest income. The Bank only invests in high-quality investment-grade securities such as mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions. Investment decisions are made in accordance with the Bank's investment policy and include consideration of risk, return, duration, and portfolio concentrations. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 The Bank offers interest rate swaps to commercial loan customers who wish to fix the interest rates on their loans, and the Bank matches these swaps using offsetting swaps with national bank counterparties. These swaps are considered free standing derivatives and are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet, with gains and losses recorded through other non-interest income. The swaps are not designated as hedging derivatives. Additionally, the Bank participates in risk participation agreements with dealer banks on commercial loans in which it participates. The Bank may receive an upfront fee for participating in the credit exposure of the interest rate swap associated with the commercial loan in which it is a participant and the fee received is recognized immediately in other non-interest income. The Bank is exposed to its share of the credit loss equal to the fair value of the interest rate swap in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty of the interest rate swap. 
 The Bank has a policy for managing its derivative financial instruments, and the policy and program activity are overseen by the ALCO. Under the policy, derivative financial instruments with counterparties, who are not customers, are limited to a national financial institution. Cash and/or certain qualified securities are required to serve as collateral when exposures exceed 100 thousand, with a minimum collateral coverage of 150 thousand. The credit worthiness of the customer is reviewed internally by the Bank's credit department. 
 
 Wealth Management Strategy 
 
 With 2.053 billion of assets under management or administration at December 31, 2022, including 346.5 million of assets held under management or administration for the Corporation, WMG is responsible for the largest component of the Corporation's non-interest income. Wealth management services provided by the Bank include services as executor and trustee under wills and agreements, and guardian, custodian, trustee, and agent for pension, profit-sharing and other employee benefit trusts, as well as various investment, pension, estate planning, and employee benefit administrative services. The Corporation s growth strategy also includes the acquisition of trust businesses to generate new sources of fee income. 
 
 9 

Market Area and Competition 
 
 The Bank operates 31 branch offices located in 13 counties in New York and Bradford County in Pennsylvania. Bank branch offices are located in the following New York counties: Chemung, where the Bank is headquartered, Broome, Cayuga, Cortland, Erie, Schuyler, Seneca, Steuben, Tioga and Tompkins. The Bank also operates under the name Capital Bank, a division of Chemung Canal Trust Company, with branch offices located in Albany, Saratoga, and Schenectady counties in New York. 
 Albany, Saratoga, and Schenectady counties rely heavily on business related to New York State government activities, the nanotechnology industry, and colleges located within these counties. Tompkins County is dominated by the presence of Cornell University and Ithaca College. The world headquarters of Corning Incorporated, the region s largest employer, is located in Steuben County. The remaining New York counties have a combination of service, small manufacturing and tourism-related businesses, with colleges located in Broome, Chemung, and Cortland counties. Bradford County's largest employers are a combination of service and small manufacturing businesses, along with the natural gas industry. 
 During 2021, the Corporation entered a new market in the Buffalo Metropolitan Area. After New York City, this region is the second largest population center in New York State. Erie County has a diverse mix of industrial, light manufacturing, high technology and service-oriented private sector companies. The region also has reliance on higher education with the University of Buffalo, Buffalo State College as well as several private colleges. The region's largest employers are affiliated with the healthcare industry, primarily located in the medical corridor. 
 Within all these market areas, the Bank encounters intense competition in the lending and deposit gathering aspects of its business from local, regional and national commercial banks and thrift institutions, credit unions, and other providers of financial services such as brokerage firms, investment companies, insurance companies, and Fintech, and internet banking entities. The Bank also competes with non-financial institutions, including retail stores and certain utilities that maintain their own credit programs, as well as governmental agencies that make loans to certain borrowers. Many of these competitors are not subject to regulation as extensive as that affecting the Bank and, as a result, may have a competitive advantage over the Bank in certain respects. This is particularly true of credit unions because their pricing structure is not encumbered by the payment of income taxes. 
 Similarly, the competition for the Bank's wealth management services is primarily from local offices of national brokerage firms, independent investment advisors, national and regional banks, as well as internet based brokerage and advisory firms. The Bank operates full-service wealth management centers in Chemung, Broome, and Albany counties in New York. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 In order to accomplish our mission to remain a strong financial-services organization and create value for shareholders, clients, employees and the communities we serve, we must attract and retain the highest quality talent in each of our markets. We offer an inclusive, safe and healthy work environment, maintain the highest standards of business ethics and provide opportunities for career development and advancement, along with a competitive benefits package. 
 
 Employee Profile 
 As of December 31, 2022 we employed 340 full time equivalent employees in 31 locations in New York and Pennsylvania. None of our employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit or is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe our relationship with our employees to be good. As of December 31, 2022 our workforce was 72 female and 28 male, and our average tenure was 8.1 years. Our Executive Management Team has an average tenure of 13.5 years. We continue to focus on diversity and inclusion among our workforce. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 We offer a competitive total rewards package for all employees, including competitive base pay, incentive plans for all employees, a 401(k) match, a non-discretionary company 401(k) contribution, health, dental, and vision insurance, life insurance, company contributions to a health savings account, paid time off, family leave, flexible work schedules, tuition reimbursement, and the opportunity to volunteer in the community during work hours. 
 
 10 

Health and Safety 
 The health, safety and well-being of our employees is paramount to the success of our business. In addition to our insurance offerings and leave programs, we offer an employee assistance program, along with welfare programs, fitness reimbursement, and an on-site flu-shot clinic. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic the Corporation made arrangements for many employees to work remotely, installed safety shields, provided on-going safety messaging, posted COVID-19 awareness literature in common areas, enhanced our cleaning protocol, set up screening stations in all locations, worked closely with the Department of Health, and followed all state, local and CDC guidelines. At this time of this filing, some pandemic-related modified business practices remain in place, such as remote work and flexible work schedules. 
 
 Talent 
 We believe investing in our employees not only helps with retention, but also keeps employees engaged and focused. We encourage all employees to join career circles, find a mentor, apply for our leadership program, job shadow, attend diversity, equity and inclusion, and supervisor discussions, and other trainings offered. The success of our company depends on the success of our employees. 

Available Information 
 
 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Corporation. In addition, the Corporation maintains a corporate website at www.chemungcanal.com. The Corporation makes available free of charge through the Bank's website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These items are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. The contents of the Bank's website are not a part of this report. These materials are also available free of charge by written request to: Kathleen S. McKillip, Corporate Secretary, Chemung Financial Corporation, One Chemung Canal Plaza, Elmira, NY 14901. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank are subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by regulatory authorities. Numerous statutes and regulations apply to the Corporation s and, to a greater extent, the Bank s operations, including required reserves, investments, loans, deposits, issuances of securities, payments of dividends, and establishment of branches. Set forth below is a brief description of some of these laws and regulations. The description does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 The Corporation 
 
 Bank Holding Company Act 
 
 The Corporation is a bank holding company registered with, and subject to regulation and examination by, the FRB pursuant to the BHCA, as amended. The FRB regulates and requires the filing of reports describing the activities of bank holding companies, and conducts periodic examinations to test compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. The FRB has enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, to issue cease and desist or removal orders, and to require a bank holding company to divest subsidiaries. 
 The Corporation generally may engage in the activities permissible for a bank holding company, which includes banking, managing or controlling banks, performing certain servicing activities for subsidiaries, and engaging in other activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto, as set forth in the FRB's Regulation Y. As the Corporation has elected financial holding company status, it may also engage in a broader range of activities that are determined by the FRB and the Secretary of the Treasury to be financial in nature or incidental to financial activities or, with the prior approval of the FRB, activities that are determined by the FRB to be complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. 
 The BHCA prohibits a bank holding company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank, or increasing such ownership or control of any bank, without the prior approval of the FRB. 
 
 11 

Interstate Banking and Branching 
 
 Under the Riegle-Neal Act, subject to certain concentration limits and other requirements, adequately capitalized bank holding companies, such as the Corporation, are permitted to acquire banks and bank holding companies located in any state. Any bank that is a subsidiary of a bank holding company is permitted to receive deposits, renew time deposits, close loans, service loans, and receive loan payments as an agent for any other bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. Subject to certain conditions, banks are permitted to acquire branch offices outside of their home states by merging with out-of-state banks, purchasing branches in other states, and establishing de novo branch offices in other states. 
 In April 2008, banking regulators in the states of New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the "Interstate MOU") to clarify their respective roles, as home and host state regulators, regarding interstate branching activity on a regional basis pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Amendments Act of 1997. The Interstate MOU established the regulatory responsibilities of the respective state banking regulators regarding bank regulatory examinations and is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on state-chartered banks branching within the region by elimination duplicative host state compliance exams. 
 Under the Interstate MOU, the activities of branches the Bank established in Pennsylvania would be governed by New York state law to the same extent that the Federal law governs the activities of the branch of an out-of-state national bank in such host states. Issues regarding whether a particular host state law is preempted are to be determined in the first instance by the NYSDFS. In the event that the NYSDFS and the applicable host state regulator disagree regarding whether a particular host state law is pre-empted, the NYSDFS and the applicable host state regulator would use their reasonable best efforts to consider all points of view to resolve the disagreement. 
 
 New York Law 
 
 The Corporation is organized under New York law and is subject to the New York Business Corporation Law, which governs the rights and obligations of directors and shareholders and other corporate matters. 
 The Corporation is also a bank holding company as defined in the New York Banking Law by virtue of its ownership and control of the Bank. Generally, this means that the NYSDFS must approve the Corporation s acquisition of control of other banking institutions and similar transactions. 
 
 Federal Securities Law 
 
 The Corporation is subject to the information, reporting, proxy solicitation, insider trading, and other rules contained in the Exchange Act, the disclosure requirements of the Securities Act and the regulations of the SEC thereunder. In addition, the Corporation must comply with the corporate governance and listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market to maintain the listing of its common stock on the exchange. These standards include rules relating to a listed company's board of directors, audit committees and independent director oversight of executive compensation, the director nomination process, a code of conduct and shareholder meetings. 
 The SEC has adopted certain proxy disclosure rules regarding executive compensation and corporate governance, with which the Corporation must comply. They include: (i) disclosure of total compensation of key officers of the Corporation, including disclosure of restricted and unrestricted stock awards compensation; (ii) disclosure regarding any potential conflict of interest of any compensation consultants of the Corporation; (iii) disclosure regarding audit and compensation committee independence and experience, qualifications, skills and diversity of its directors and any director nominees; (iv) say-on-pay disclosure; (v) pay vs. performance disclosure; and (vi) information relating to the leadership structure of the Corporation s Board of Directors and the Board of Directors' role in the risk management process. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley 
 
 The Corporation is also subject to Sarbanes-Oxley. Sarbanes-Oxley established laws affecting public companies corporate governance, accounting obligations, and corporate reporting by: (i) creating a federal accounting oversight body; (ii) revamping auditor independence rules; (iii) enacting corporate responsibility and governance measures; (iv) enhancing disclosures by public companies, their directors, and their executive officers; (v) strengthening the powers and resources of the SEC; and (vi) imposing criminal and civil penalties for securities fraud and related wrongful conduct. 
 12 

The SEC has adopted regulations under Sarbanes-Oxley, including: (i) executive compensation disclosure rules; (ii) standards of independence for directors who serve on the Corporation s audit committee; (iii) disclosure requirements as to whether at least one member of the Corporation s audit committee qualifies as a financial expert as defined in SEC regulations; (iv) whether the Corporation has adopted a code of ethics applicable to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or those persons performing similar functions; (v) and disclosure requirements regarding the operations of Board of Directors' nominating committees and the means, if any, by which security holders may communicate with directors. 
 
 Support of Subsidiary Banks 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, discussed in the section of this document entitled Additional Important Legislation and Regulation, codifies the FRB s long-standing policy of requiring bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. Accordingly, the Corporation is expected to commit resources to support its banking subsidiaries, including at times when it may not be advantageous for the Corporation to do so. 
 
 Capital Distributions 
 
 A bank holding company is generally required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The FRB may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. 
 The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding capital distributions, including dividends, by bank holding companies. In general, the FRB s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Under applicable laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. In addition, the FRB has issued guidance which requires consultation with the agency prior to a bank holding company s payment of dividends or repurchase or redemption of its stock under certain circumstances. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends, repurchase its stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 
 The Bank 
 
 General 
 
 The Bank is a commercial bank chartered under the laws of New York State and is supervised by the NYSDFS. The Bank also is a member bank of the FRB and, therefore, the FRB serves as its primary federal regulator. The FDIC insures the Bank s deposit accounts up to applicable limits. The Bank must file reports with the FFIEC, the FRB and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approval before commencing certain activities or engaging in transactions such as mergers and other business combinations or the establishment, closing, purchase or sale of branch offices. This regulatory structure gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in the enforcement of laws and regulations and the supervision of the Bank. 
 
 Loans to One Borrower 
 
 The Bank generally may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15 of its unimpaired capital and surplus. Up to an additional 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus can be lent if the additional amount is fully secured by certain readily marketable collateral. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s legal lending limit on loans to one borrower was 34.9 million for loans not fully secured by readily marketable collateral and 38.4 million for loans secured by readily marketable collateral. The Bank s internal limit on loans is set at 15.0 million. At December 31, 2022, the Bank did not have any loans or agreements to extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of its legal lending limit. 
 
 13 

Branching 
 
 Subject to the approval of the NYSDFS and FRB, New York-chartered member commercial banks may establish branch offices anywhere within New York State, except in communities having populations of less than 50,000 inhabitants in which another New York-chartered commercial bank or a national bank has its principal office. Additionally, under the Dodd-Frank Act, state-chartered banks may generally branch into other states to the same extent as commercial banks chartered under the laws of that state may branch. 
 
 Payment of Dividends 
 
 The Bank is subject to substantial regulatory restrictions affecting its ability to pay dividends to the Corporation. Under FRB and NYSDFS regulations, the Bank may not pay a dividend without prior approval of the FRB and the NYSDFS if the total amount of all dividends declared during such calendar year, including the proposed dividend, exceeds the sum of its retained net income to date during the calendar year and its retained net income over the preceding two calendar years. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 49.3 million was available for the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Corporation without prior approval. The Bank's ability to pay dividends also is subject to the Bank being in compliance with regulatory capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness 
 
 The FRB has adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards relating to capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings performance, liquidity and sensitivity to market risk. In evaluating these safety and soundness standards, the FRB considers internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, exposure to changes in interest rates, asset growth, compensation, fees, and benefits. In general, the guidelines require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. The FRB may order an institution that has been given notice that it is not satisfying these safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan, and if an institution fails to do so, the FRB must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other action. If an institution fails to comply with such an order, the FRB may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. 
 
 Real Estate Lending Standards 
 
 The FRB has adopted guidelines that generally require each FRB state member bank to establish and maintain written internal real estate lending standards that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices and appropriate to the size of the bank and the nature and scope of its real estate lending activities. The standards also must be consistent with accompanying FRB guidelines, which include loan-to-value ratios for the different types of real estate loans. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 The Federal Reserve Act governs transactions between the Bank and its affiliates, specifically the Corporation, CFS, and CRM. In general, an affiliate of the Bank is any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Bank. Generally, the Federal Reserve Act limits the extent to which the Bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to 10 of the Bank s capital stock and surplus, and contains an aggregate limit of 20 of capital stock and surplus for covered transactions with all affiliates. Covered transactions include loans, asset purchases, the issuance of guarantees, and similar transactions. Certain transactions must be collateralized according to the requirements of the statute. In addition, all covered transactions and other transactions between the Bank and its affiliates must be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same as, or at least as favorable to, the Bank. 
 Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing Regulation O restricts a bank's loans to its directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders ("Insiders"). Loans to Insiders (and their related entities) may not exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such persons and affiliated entities, the Bank's total capital and surplus. Loans to Insiders above specified amounts must receive the prior approval of the Bank's Board of Directors. The loans must be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features, except that such Insiders may receive preferential loans made under a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to the Bank's employees and does not give preference to the Insider over the employees. Loans to executive officers are subject to additional restrictions on the types and amounts of permissible loans. 
 
 14 

Deposit Insurance 
 
 The FDIC insures the deposits of the Bank up to regulatory limits and the deposits are subject to the deposit insurance premium assessments of the DIF. The FDIC currently maintains a risk-based assessment system under which assessment rates vary based on the level of risk posed by the institution to the DIF. Therefore, the assessment rate may change if any of these measurements change. 
 For institutions of the Bank s asset size, the FDIC operates a risk-based premium system that determines assessment rates from financial modeling designed to estimate the probability of the bank s failure over a three-year period. Assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size ranged from 1.5 to 30 basis points effective through December 31, 2022. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments and adopted a final rule in October 2022 to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. As a result, effective January 1, 2023, assessment rates for institutions of the Bank s size will range from 3.5 to 32 basis points. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed in writing. Management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition, or violation that may lead to termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 
 Federal regulations require banks to meet certain minimum capital standards. The minimum capital standards consist of a common equity Tier 1 CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets, a uniform leverage ratio of 4 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 6 of risk-weighted assets and a total capital ratio of at least 8 of risk-weighted assets. In order to be considered well-capitalized, the Bank must have a CET1 ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 ratio of 8 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 and a leverage ratio of 5 . The regulatory standards require unrealized gains and losses on certain available for sale securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. The Bank has exercised this one-time opt-out and therefore excluded unrealized gains and losses on certain available-for-sale securities holdings for purposes of calculating regulatory capital. Additional restraints are also imposed on the inclusion in regulatory capital of mortgage-servicing assets, deferred tax assets and minority interests. 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity, including retained earnings but excluding accumulated other comprehensive income. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as Common equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specific requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock, long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, subordinated debt and intermediate preferred stock. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions like the Bank that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Additionally, a bank that retains credit risk in connection with an asset sale may be required to maintain additional regulatory capital because of the recourse back to the bank. In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, the federal regulators take into consideration not only these numeric factors but also qualitative factors as well and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual associations where necessary. 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets, are multiplied by a risk-weight factor assigned by federal regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. The capital requirements assign a higher risk weight to asset categories believe to present a great risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one to four family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 and 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 
 The regulations limit a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to executives if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 15 

The Corporation is not subject to FRB consolidated capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies, which are similar to those applicable to the Bank, until it reaches 3.0 billion in assets. 
 In assessing a state member bank s capital adequacy, the FRB takes into consideration not only these numeric factors but also qualitative factors, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual banks where necessary. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. The Bank, in accordance with its internal prudential standards, targets as its goal the maintenance of capital ratios which exceed these minimum requirements and that are consistent with its risk profile. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded all regulatory capital ratios necessary to be considered well capitalized. 
 On October 29, 2019, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporations (collectively, the "Federal Agencies") adopted a final rule (the "Final Rule") to simplify the regulatory capital requirements for eligible community banks and holding companies that opt into the Community Bank Leverage Ratio ("CBLR") framework, as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018. 
 Under the Final Rule, a depository institution or holding company that satisfies certain qualifying criteria, including having less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio of greater than 9 , would be considered a "qualifying community banking organization" and may elect (but is not required) to use the CBLR framework. If this election is made, the qualifying community banking organization would be considered to have satisfied the Federal Agencies' generally applicable risk-weighted and leverage capital requirements (the "Basel III capital framework") and would be considered to be well-capitalized under the Federal Agencies' prompt corrective action ("PCA") rules. Under the CBLR framework, a qualifying community banking organization would satisfy the regulatory capital requirements by calculating and reporting a single leverage ratio, i.e., the CBLR, which would require significantly less data than needed to calculate the capital ratios, under the Basel III capital framework and eliminate the time consuming need to risk-weight assets. The Final Rule took effect on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking regulators issued final rules to set the community bank leverage ratio at 8 beginning in the second quarter of 2020 through the end of 2020. Beginning in 2021, the community bank leverage ratio increased to 8.5 for the calendar year. Community banks had until January 1, 2022, before the community bank leverage ratio requirement returned to 9 . The Bank has not elected to use the community bank leverage ratio. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The FDIA requires the federal banking agencies to resolve the problems of insured banks at the least possible loss to the DIF. The FRB has adopted prompt corrective action regulations to carry out this statutory mandate. The FRB s regulations authorize, and in some situations, require, the FRB to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized state member banks, including the imposition of restrictions on asset growth and other forms of expansion. The prompt corrective action regulations place state member banks in one of the following five categories based on the bank s capital: 
 well-capitalized (at least 5 leverage capital, 6.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital, 8 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 10 total risk-based capital); 
 adequately capitalized (at least 4 leverage capital, 4.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital and 8 total risk-based capital); 
 undercapitalized (less than 4 leverage capital, 4.5 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital or 8 total risk-based capital); 
 significantly undercapitalized (less than 3 leverage capital, 3 common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital, 4 Tier 1 risk-based capital or 6 total risk-based capital); and 
 critically undercapitalized (less than 2 tangible capital). 
 
 As an institution s capital decreases within the three undercapitalized categories listed above, the severity of the action that is authorized or required to be taken by the FRB for state member banks under the prompt corrective action regulations increases. All banks are prohibited from paying dividends or other capital distributions or paying management fees to any controlling person if, following such distribution, the bank would be undercapitalized. The FRB is required to monitor closely the condition of an undercapitalized institution and to restrict the growth of its assets. 
 16 

An undercapitalized state member bank is required to file a capital restoration plan with the FRB within 45 days (or other timeframe prescribed by the FRB) of the date the bank receives notice that it is within any of the three undercapitalized categories, and the plan must be guaranteed by its parent holding company, subject to a cap on the guarantee that is the lesser of: (i) an amount equal to 5.0 of the bank s total assets at the time it was notified that it became undercapitalized; and (ii) the amount that is necessary to restore the bank s capital ratios to the levels required to be classified as adequately classified, as those ratios and levels are defined as of the time the bank failed to comply with the plan. If the bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it were significantly undercapitalized. Banks that are significantly or critically undercapitalized are subject to a wider range of regulatory requirements and restrictions including, with respect to critically undercapitalized status, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within specified periods of time. 
 The NYSDFS possesses enforcement power over New York State-chartered banks pursuant to New York law. This includes authority to order a New York State bank to, among other things, cease an apparent violation of law, discontinue unauthorized or unsafe banking practices or maintain prescribed books and accounts. Such orders are enforceable by financial penalties. Upon a finding by the NYSDFS that a bank director or officer has violated any law or regulation or continued unauthorized or unsafe practices in conducting its business after having been notified by the NYSDFS to discontinue such violation or practices, such director or officer may be removed from office after notice and an opportunity to be heard. The NYSDFS also has authority to appoint a conservator or receiver (which may be the FDIC) for a bank under certain circumstances. 
 On June 24, 2021, the Bank and the NYSDFS agreed to the settlement provisions set forth in a Consent Order pertaining to alleged violations of New York s Fair Lending Law and the federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act relating to the Bank s indirect automobile lending program. The Bank agreed to pay restitution to impacted borrowers of 53,000 and a civil monetary penalty of 350,000 to NYSDFS. The Bank has been informed by the NYSDFS that the Bank has satisfied all of its obligations under the 2021 Consent Order with the NYSDFS related to the Bank s indirect automobile lending program. 
 Under federal law, the FRB possesses authority to bring enforcement actions against member banks and their institution-affiliated parties, including directors, officers, employees and, under certain circumstances, a stockholder, attorney, appraiser or accountant. Such enforcement action can occur for matters such as failure to comply with applicable law or regulations or engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices. Possible enforcement actions range from an informal measure, such as a memorandum of understanding, to formal actions, such as a written agreement, cease and desist order, civil money penalty, capital directive, removal of directors or officers or the appointment of a conservator or receiver. The FRB also possesses authority to bring enforcement actions against bank holding companies, their nonbanking subsidiaries and their institution-affiliated parties. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 The Bank is also a member of the FHLBNY, which provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions for home mortgage and neighborhood lending. The Bank is subject to the rules and requirements of the FHLBNY, including the requirement to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLBNY. The Bank was in compliance with the rules and requirements of the FHLBNY at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 Under the federal CRA, the Bank, consistent with its safe and sound operation, must help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The FRB periodically assesses the Bank's compliance with CRA requirements. The Bank received a satisfactory rating for CRA on its last performance evaluation conducted by the FRB as of October 7, 2019. 
 
 Fair Lending and Consumer Protection Laws 
 
 The Bank must also comply with the federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the New York Executive Law, which prohibit creditors from discrimination in their lending practices on bases specified in these statutes. In addition, the Bank is subject to a number of federal statutes and regulations implementing them, which are designed to protect the general public, borrowers, depositors, and other customers of depository institutions. These include the Bank Secrecy Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Electronic Funds Transfers Act, the FCRA, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Flood Disaster Protection Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Helping Families Save Their Homes Act, and the Consumer Protection for Depository Institutions Sales of Insurance regulation. The FRB and, in some instances, other regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, the FTC, the CFPB and state Attorneys General, may take enforcement action against institutions that fail to comply with these laws. 
 
 17 

Prohibitions against Tying Arrangements 
 
 Subject to some exceptions, regulations under the BHCA and the Federal Reserve Act prohibits banks from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the bank or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the bank. 
 
 Privacy Regulations 
 
 Regulations under the Federal Reserve Act generally require the Bank to disclose its privacy policy. The policy must identify with whom the Bank shares its customers nonpublic personal information, at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, the Bank must provide its customers with the ability to opt out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. The Bank s privacy policy complies with Federal Reserve Act regulations. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 The Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gives the federal government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act imposes affirmative obligations on financial institutions, including the Bank, to establish anti-money laundering programs which require: (i) the establishment of internal policies, procedures, and controls; (ii) the designation of an anti-money laundering compliance officer; (iii) ongoing employee training programs; (iv) an independent audit function to test the anti-money laundering program; and (v) due diligence of customers using a risk-based approach. The FRB must consider the Bank s effectiveness in combating money laundering when ruling on merger and other applications. 
 
 CFS 
 
 CFS is subject to supervision by other regulatory authorities as determined by the activities in which it is engaged. Insurance activities are supervised by the NYSDFS, and brokerage activities are subject to supervision by the SEC and FINRA. 
 
 CRM 
 
 CRM is subject to regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. 
 
 Additional Important Le g islation and Re g ulation 
 
 The Regulatory Relief Act 
 
 On May 24, 2018, the Regulatory Relief Act was enacted, which repeals or modifies certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eases regulations on all but the largest banks. The Regulatory Relief Act s provisions include, among other things: (i) exempting banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans held in portfolio; (ii) allows usage of Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP) compliant evaluations for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas instead of appraisals, providing specific criteria are met; (iii) exempting banks that originate fewer than 500 open-end and 500 closed-end mortgages from HMDA s expanded data disclosures; (iv) clarifying that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC s brokered-deposit regulations; (v) raising eligibility for the 18-month exam cycle from 1 billion to banks with 3 billion in assets; (vi) allowing qualifying federal savings banks to elect to operate with National Bank powers; and (vii) simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under 10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio at a percentage not less than 8 and not greater than 10 that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well-capitalized status. 
 18 

The Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, significantly changed the bank regulatory landscape and has impacted and will continue to impact the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act (i) created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as an independent bureau to assume responsibility for the implementation of the federal financial consumer protection and fair lending laws and regulations, a function previously assigned to prudential regulators; (although institutions of less than 10 billion in assets, continue to be examined for compliance with consumer protection and fair lending laws and regulations by, and be subject to the primary enforcement authority of their primary federal bank regulator rather than the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau); (ii) directed changes in the way that institutions are assessed for deposit insurance; (iii) as discussed under Regulatory Capital Requirements, mandated the revision of regulatory capital requirements; (iv) codified the FRB s long-standing policy that a bank holding company must serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks; (v) required regulations requiring originators of certain securitized loans to retain a percentage of the risk for the transferred loans; (vi) stipulated regulatory rate-setting for certain debit card interchange fees; (vii) repealed restrictions on the payment of interest on commercial demand deposits; (viii) enacted the so-called Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits banking organizations from engaging in proprietary trading and from investing in, sponsoring or having certain relationships with hedge funds; (ix) contained a number of reforms related to mortgage originations; and (x) as discussed under Federal Securities Law, enacted certain proxy disclosures regarding executive compensation and corporate governance. 
 
 NYSDFS Cybersecurity Rule 
 
 Effective March 1, 2017, the NYSDFS requires New York chartered banks to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect consumers and ensure the safety and soundness of the bank. NYSDFS requires regulated financial institutions to establish a cybersecurity program; designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of its Information Systems; implement and maintain a written policy or policies setting forth its policies and procedures for the protection of its systems and Nonpublic Information stored on those systems; designate a Chief Information Security Officer responsible for implementing, overseeing and enforcing its program and policy; and have policies and procedures designed to ensure the security of information systems and nonpublic information accessible to, or held by Third Party Service Providers. 
 On November 9, 2022, the NYSDFS released proposed amendments to its cybersecurity regulations that represent a significant update to the regulation of cybersecurity practices. The amendments generally fall within the following five categories: (i) increased mandatory controls associated with common attack vectors, (ii) enhanced requirements for privileged accounts, (iii) enhanced notification obligations, (iv) expansion of cyber governance practices, and (v) additional cybersecurity requirements for larger companies. The proposed amended regulations were subject to a 60-day public comment period which expired on January 9, 2023. Once final regulations are adopted, financial institutions regulated by the NYSDFS, including the Bank, will have 180 days from the effective date, except as otherwise specified, to comply with the new requirements. 
 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 
 Under the privacy and data security provisions of the Financial Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the GLB Act, and rules promulgated thereunder, all financial institutions, including the Corporation, the Bank and CFS are required to establish policies and procedures to restrict the sharing of nonpublic customer data with nonaffiliated parties at the customer's request and to protect customer data from unauthorized access. In addition, the FCRA, as amended by the FACT Act, includes many provisions affecting the Corporation, Bank, and/or CFS including provisions concerning obtaining consumer reports, furnishing information to consumer reporting agencies, maintaining a program to prevent identity theft, sharing of certain information among affiliated companies, and other provisions. For instance, the FCRA requires persons subject to the FCRA to notify their customers if they report negative information about them to a credit bureau or if they are granted credit on terms less favorable than those generally available. The FRB and the FTC have extensive rulemaking authority under the FACT Act, and the Corporation and the Bank are subject to the rules that have been promulgated by the FRB and FTC thereunder, including recent rules regarding limitations on affiliate marketing and implementation of programs to identify, detect and mitigate the risk of identity theft through red flags. The GLB Act and the FCRA also impose requirements regarding data security and the safeguarding of customer information. The Bank is subject to the Security Guidelines, which implement section 501(b) of the GLB Act and section 216 of the FACT Act. The Security Guidelines establish standards relating to administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity and the proper disposal of customer information. 
 The Corporation has developed policies and procedures for itself and its subsidiaries to maintain compliance with all privacy, information sharing and notification provisions of the GLB Act and the FCRA. 

19 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Corporation s business is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Although the Corporation seeks ways to manage these risks and develop programs to control those that management can control, the Corporation ultimately cannot predict the extent to which these risks and uncertainties could affect the Corporation's results. Actual results may differ materially from management's expectations. The following discussion sets forth what the Corporation currently believes could be the most significant factors of which it is currently aware that could affect the Corporation's business, results of operations or financial condition. You should consider all of the following risks together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Lending 
 
 Economic conditions may adversely affect the Corporation s financial performance. 
 The Corporation's businesses and results of operation are affected by the financial markets and general economic conditions in the United States, and particularly to adverse conditions in New York and Pennsylvania. Key economic factors affecting the Corporation include the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, liquidity of the financial markets, the availability and the cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment, confidence in the financial markets, and the sustainability of economic growth. The deterioration of any of these conditions could adversely affect the Corporation's consumer and commercial businesses, its securities and derivatives portfolios, its level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of the Corporation's deferred tax assets, its capital levels and liquidity, and the Corporation's results of operations. 
 A decline or prolonged weakness in business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which the Corporation does business could have one or more of the following adverse effects on the Corporation s business: 
 i. a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services; 
 ii. a decrease in the value of the Corporation s loans or other assets secured by consumer or commercial real estate; 
 iii. an impairment of certain of the Corporation s intangible assets, such as goodwill; and 
 iv. an increase in the number of borrowers and counter-parties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the Corporation. 
 Additionally, in light of economic conditions, the Corporation s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches that it uses to select, manage and underwrite loans become less predictive of future behaviors. Further, competition in the Corporation s industry may intensify as a result of consolidation of financial services companies in response to adverse market conditions and the Corporation may face increased regulatory scrutiny, which may increase its costs and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
 
 Imposition of limits by bank regulators on commercial real estate lending activities could curtail the Corporation s growth and adversely affect our earnings. 
 In 2006, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FDIC and the FRB (collectively, the Agencies issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial real estate lending exposure could receive increased supervisory scrutiny where total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate, and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more of an institution s total risk-based capital, and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months. Commercial real estate loans represent 382.9 of our risk-based capital at December 31, 2022 and the outstanding balance of our commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by greater than 50 during the 36 months preceding December 31, 2022. 
 In December 2015, the Agencies released a new statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending (the 2015 Statement ). In the 2015 Statement, the Agencies, among other things, indicate the intent to continue to pay special attention to commercial real estate lending activities and concentrations going forward. If the Bank s regulators were to impose restrictions on the amount of such loans it can hold in its portfolio or require it to implement additional compliance measures, for reasons noted above or otherwise, the Corporation s earnings would be adversely affected as would earnings per share. 
 
 20 

Commercial real estate and business loans increase the Corporation s exposure to credit risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation s portfolio of commercial real estate and business loans totaled 1.249 billion or 68.3 of total loans. The Corporation plans to continue to emphasize the origination of these types of loans, which generally expose the Corporation to a greater risk of nonpayment and loss than residential real estate or consumer loans because repayment of commercial real estate and business loans often depends on the successful operation and income stream of the borrower s business. Additionally, such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to residential real estate and consumer loans. Also, some of the Corporation s borrowers have more than one commercial loan outstanding. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose the Corporation to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to residential real estate and consumer loans. In some instances, the Corporation has originated unsecured commercial loans with certain high net worth individuals who have personally guaranteed such loans. This type of commercial loan has an increased risk of loss if the Corporation is unable to collect repayment through legal action due to personal bankruptcy or other financial limitations of the borrower. The Corporation targets its business lending and marketing strategy towards small to medium-sized businesses. These small to medium-sized businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If general economic conditions negatively impact these businesses, the Corporation s results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Loan participations may have a higher risk of loss than loans the Bank originates because the Bank is not the lead lender and has limited control over credit monitoring. 
 The Corporation occasionally purchases commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan participations secured by properties outside its market area in which the Bank is not the lead lender. The Corporation has purchased loan participations secured by various types of collateral such as real estate, equipment and other business assets located primarily in New York, and Pennsylvania. Loan participations may have a higher risk of loss than loans the Bank originates because we rely on the lead lender to monitor the performance of the loan. Moreover, our decisions regarding the classification of a loan participation and loan loss provisions associated with a loan participation are made in part based upon information provided by the lead lender. A lead lender also may not monitor a participation loan in the same manner as we would for loans that the Bank originates. At December 31, 2022, loan participation balances where the Bank is not the lead lender totaled 150.2 million, or 8.21 of our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loan participations outside our market area totaled 12.0 million, or 4.77 of the commercial and industrial loan portfolio and commercial real estate loan participations outside our market area totaled 0.2 million, or 0.02 of the commercial real estate loan portfolio. If the Bank s underwriting of these participation loans is not sufficient, our non-performing loans may increase and our earnings may decrease. 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous conditions or toxic substances are found on these properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected any particular property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on nonresidential real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The foreclosure process may adversely impact the Bank s recoveries on non-performing loans. 
 The Judicial foreclosure process is protracted, which delays our ability to resolve non-performing loans through the sale of the underlying collateral. The longer timelines were the result of the economic crisis, the COVID-19 pandemic, additional consumer protection initiatives related to the foreclosure process, increased documentary requirements and judicial scrutiny, and, both voluntary and mandatory programs under which lenders may consider loan modifications or other alternatives to foreclosure. These reasons, historical issues at the largest mortgage loan servicers, and the legal and regulatory responses have impacted the foreclosure process and completion time of foreclosures for residential mortgage lenders. This may result in a material adverse effect on collateral values and the Corporation s ability to minimize its losses. 
 
 21 

The Corporation's portfolio of indirect automobile lending exposes it to increased credit risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, 202.1 million, or 11.0 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of automobile loans, primarily originated through automobile dealers for the purchase of new or used automobiles. The Corporation serves customers that cover a range of creditworthiness and the required terms and rates are reflective of those risk profiles. Automobile loans are inherently risky as they are often secured by assets that may be difficult to locate and can depreciate rapidly. In some cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted automobile loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and the remaining deficiency may not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Automobile loan collections depend on the borrower's continuing financial stability, and therefore, are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Additional risk elements associated with indirect lending include the limited personal contact with the borrower as a result of indirect lending through non-bank channels, namely automobile dealers. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in the loan portfolio. 
 The Corporation s customers may not repay their loans according to the original terms, and the collateral securing the payment of those loans may be insufficient to pay any remaining loan balance. Hence, the Corporation may experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's operating results. Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of its loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of its borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, management relies on loan quality reviews, past loss experience, and an evaluation of economic conditions, among other factors. If these assumptions prove to be incorrect, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in the Corporation s loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the allowance. Material additions to the allowance would materially decrease net income. 
 The Corporation s emphasis on the origination of commercial loans is one of the more significant factors in evaluating its allowance for loan losses. As the Corporation continues to increase the amount of these loans, additional or increased provisions for loan losses may be necessary, which could result in a decrease in earnings. 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board has adopted a new accounting standard that will be effective for the Bank beginning on January 1, 2023. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses. This will change the current method of establishing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, and increase the data we would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of our allowance for loan losses. 
 Bank regulators periodically review the Corporation s allowance for loan losses and may require the Corporation to increase its provision for loan losses or loan charge-offs. Any increase in the allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's results of operations and/or financial condition. In addition, any future credit deterioration, could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses in the future. 
 
 The Corporation is subject to risks and losses resulting from fraudulent activities that could adversely impact its financial performance and results of operations. 
 As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation or damage to our reputation. We are subject to fraud and compliance risk, including but not limited to, in connection with the origination of loans, ACH transactions, wire transactions, ATM transactions, checking transactions, and debit cards that we have issued to our customers and through our online banking portals. We have experienced losses due to apparent fraud. 
 The Bank owns a participating interest totaling 4.2 million in an approximately 36.0 million commercial credit facility on which the borrower defaulted due to fraudulent activity. On April 23, 2020 the Corporation received payment of 461,309 from the lead bank related to its obligation under the participation agreements. The Bank continues to pursue recovery of the remaining 3.7 million and accumulated expenses as a result of purchasing the participation interest. While the Corporation believes this incident was an isolated occurrence, there can be no assurance that such losses will not occur again or that such acts will be detected in a timely manner. We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against such risks, including data processing system failures and errors, and customer fraud. If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect any such occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 22 

Risks Related to Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity needs could adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of operation. 
 The primary sources of funds of the Bank are customer deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, which could be exacerbated by potential climate change, natural disasters and international instability. 
 Market conditions may impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry. The rising interest rate environment and future actions the FRB may impact pricing and demand for deposits in the banking industry. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to customers on alternative investments, and general economic conditions. The withdrawal of more deposits than the Corporation anticipates could have an adverse impact on profitability as the Corporation may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances, sales of investment securities and loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits which could cause the Corporation s overall cost of funding to increase. While the Corporation believes that these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly if the Corporation continues to grow and experience increasing loan demand. The Corporation may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. 

Risks Related to Changes in Interest Rates 
 
 The Corporation is subject to interest rate risk, and fluctuations in market interest rates may affect its interest margin and income, demand for products, defaults on loans, loan prepayments and the fair value of its financial instruments. 
 The Corporation s earnings and cash flows depend largely upon its net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Corporation's control, including general economic conditions and policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the FRB. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence the interest the Corporation receives on loans and investments and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, which may affect net interest margin. Such changes could also affect (i) demand for products and services and price competition, in turn affecting our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair value of the Corporation s financial assets and liabilities; (iii) the average duration of its mortgage-backed securities portfolio and other interest-earning assets; (iv) levels of defaults on loans; and (v) loan prepayments. 
 During 2022, in response to accelerated inflation, the FRB implemented monetary tightening policies, resulting in significantly increased interest rates. The FRB has signaled that further tightening is anticipated. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. In addition, the Corporation s net interest margin may contract in a rising rate environment because its funding costs may increase faster than the yield earned on its interest-earning assets. In a rising rate environment, demand for loans may decrease and loans with adjustable interest rates are more likely to experience a higher rate of default. Additionally, changes in interest rates also affect the fair value of the securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. The combination of these events may adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. In addition, in a falling rate environment or the recent pandemic-related environment where the FRB held the federal reference rate near 0.00 , loans may be prepaid sooner than the Corporation expects, which could result in a delay between when the Corporation receives the prepayment and when it is able to redeploy the funds into new interest-earning assets and in a decrease in the amount of interest income the Corporation is able to earn on those assets. If the Corporation is unable to manage these risks effectively, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. Also, the Corporation s interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on its balance sheet. 
 
 23 

Risks Related to Competition 
 
 Strong competition within the Corporation's industry and market area could limit its growth and profitability. 
 The Corporation faces substantial competition in all phases of its operations from a variety of different competitors. Future growth and success will depend on the ability to compete effectively in this highly competitive environment. The Corporation competes for deposits, loans and other financial services with a variety of banks, thrifts, credit unions and other financial institutions as well as other entities, which provide financial services. Some of the financial institutions and financial services organizations with which the Corporation competes with are not subject to the same degree of regulation as the Corporation. Many competitors have been in business for many years, have established customer bases, are larger, and have substantially higher lending limits. The financial services industry is also likely to become more competitive as further technological advances enable more companies to provide financial services. These technological advances may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties. 
 
 The Corporation may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 The Corporation's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities in which the Corporation engages can be intense and it may not be able to hire people or to retain them. A key component of employee retention is providing a fair compensation base combined with the opportunity for additional compensation for above average performance. In this regard, the Corporation uses a stock-based compensation program that aligns the interest of the Corporation's executives and senior managers with the interests of the Corporation, and its shareholders. 
 The Corporation's compensation practices are designed to be competitive and comparable to those of its peers, however, the unexpected loss of services of one or more of the Corporation's key personnel could have a material adverse impact on the business because it would lose the employees skills, knowledge of the market, and years of industry experience and may have difficulty promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 
 Risks Related to Business Strategy 
 
 The Corporation s growth strategy may not prove to be successful and its market value and profitability may suffer. 
 As part of the Corporation's strategy for continued growth, it may open additional branches. In 2021, the Corporation opened a new full-service branch in Clarence, New York. New branches do not initially contribute to operating profits due to the impact of overhead expenses and the start-up phase of generating loans and deposits. To the extent that additional branches are opened, the Corporation may experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations, which may have an adverse effect on the Corporation's levels of net income, return on average equity and return on average assets. 
 In addition, the Corporation may acquire banks and related businesses that it believes provide a strategic fit with its business, such as the 2011 acquisition of FOFC and the 2013 acquisition of six branches from Bank of America. To the extent that the Corporation grows through acquisitions, it cannot provide assurance that such strategic decisions will be accretive to earnings. 
 
 The risks presented by acquisitions could adversely affect the Corporation's financial condition and results of operations. 
 The business strategy of the Corporation has included and may continue to include growth through acquisition from time to time. Any future acquisitions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions. These risks may include, among other things: its ability to realize anticipated cost savings, the difficulty of integrating operations and personnel, the loss of key employees, the potential disruption of its or the acquired company s ongoing business in such a way that could result in decreased revenues, the inability of its management to maximize its financial and strategic position, the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, and the impairment of relationships with the acquired company s employees and customers as a result of changes in ownership and management. 
 
 24 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 
 The Corporation operates in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. 
 Currently, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by regulatory authorities. For example, the FRB regulates the Corporation, the FRB, the FDIC and the NYSDFS regulate the Bank, and CRM is regulated by the Nevada Division of Insurance. Such regulators govern the activities in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries may engage. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a bank, the classification of assets by a bank, and the adequacy of a bank s allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, or legislation, could have a material impact on the Corporation and its operations. The Corporation believes that it is in substantial compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. As the Corporation's business is highly regulated, the laws, rules and applicable regulations are subject to regular modification and change. There can be no assurance that proposed laws, rules and regulations, or any other law, rule or regulation, will not be adopted in the future, which could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect the Corporation's business, financial condition or prospects. 
 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the FRB. An important function of the FRB is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the FRB to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. In 2022, the FRB increased the federal funds rate by 425 basis points, which increased market rates dramatically. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the FRB have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 
 Changes to LIBOR may adversely impact the interest rate paid on certain financial instruments . 
 The Corporation holds assets, liabilities, and derivatives that are indexed to the various tenors of LIBOR including but not limited to the one-month LIBOR, three-month LIBOR, one-year LIBOR, and the ten-year constant maturing swap rate. In 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates London Interbank Offered Rates LIBOR ), announced that the publication of LIBOR is not guaranteed beyond 2021. In December 2020, the administrator of LIBOR announced its intention to (i) cease the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 31, 2021, and (ii) cease the publication of all other tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (one, three, six and 12 month LIBOR) after June 30, 2023. 
 There are multiple alternative reference rates available as a viable replacement for LIBOR. The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or SOFR is considered the most likely alternative reference rate suitable for replacing LIBOR. SOFR has been published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) since March 2018, and it is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The FRBNY currently publishes SOFR daily on its website. Uncertainty remains as to the adoption or market acceptance or continued availability of SOFR or other alternative reference rates. The Company has adhered to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2021 Fallbacks Protocol for its interest rate swap agreements. At this time, it is not possible to predict what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR or the effect of any such changes on the interest rate received by the bank on its interest rate swap instruments. 
 
 25 

We are subject to the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and alleged failure to comply with fair lending laws has led to material penalties. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on expansion. On June 24, 2021, the Bank and the New York State Department of Financial Services agreed to the settlement provisions set forth in a Consent Order pertaining to alleged violations of New York s Fair Lending Law and the federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act relating to the Bank s indirect automobile lending program. The Bank agreed to pay restitution to impacted borrowers of 53,000 and a civil monetary penalty of 350,000 to the New York State Department of Financial Services. The Bank has been informed by the NYSDFS that the Bank has satisfied all of its obligations under the 2021 Consent Order related to the Bank's indirect automobile lending program. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 
 The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions. In recent years, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 
 
 The Corporation may be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or it may only be available on unacceptable terms, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Bank is required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support its operations. The Corporation may at some point need to raise additional capital to support the Bank s continued growth or be required by regulators to increase its capital resources. The Corporation s ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of its control, and on its financial performance. Accordingly, the Corporation may not be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to it. If the Corporation cannot raise additional capital when needed, its ability to further expand the Bank s operations and pursue its growth strategy could be materially impaired and its financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the Corporation is unable to raise additional capital when required by bank regulators, it may be subject to adverse regulatory action. 
 Changes in tax rates could adversely affect the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Corporation is subject to the income tax laws of the United States, its states, and municipalities. The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, the Corporation must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws to its business activities, as well as the timing of when certain items may affect taxable income. 
 The provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. Deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognized if, in the Corporation's judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. The Corporation performs regular reviews to ascertain the realizability of its deferred tax assets. These reviews include the Corporation's estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income, which incorporates various tax planning strategies. 
 
 26 

Risks Related to Operational Matters 
 
 The Corporation's controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, which may result in a material adverse effect on its business. 
 Management regularly reviews and updates its internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. 
 
 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for significant losses. 
 Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to identify, measure, monitor, report and control our exposure to risk, including strategic, market, liquidity, compliance and operational risks. While we use a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, these techniques are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. Recent economic conditions and heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of the financial services industry, among other developments, have increased our level of risk. Accordingly, we could suffer losses as a result of our failure to properly anticipate and manage these risks. 
 
 We face significant operational risks because the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions. 
 We operate in diverse markets and rely on the ability of our employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside our company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of our internal control systems and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. Insurance coverage may not be available for such losses, or where available, such losses may exceed insurance limits. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of operational deficiencies or as a result of non-compliance with applicable regulatory standards or customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. In the event of a breakdown in our internal control systems, improper operation of systems, or improper employee actions, we could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action, and/or suffer damage to our reputation. 
 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, may have a material effect on the Corporation's operations. 
 Recent events relating to the failures of certain banking entities in March 2023, i.e. Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, has caused general uncertainty and concern regarding the liquidity adequacy of the banking sector as a whole. Uncertainty may be compounded by the reach and depth of media attention, including social media, and its ability to disseminate concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, and have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. These failures underscore the importance of maintaining diversified sources of funding as key measures to ensure the safety and soundness of a financial institution. As a result, market conditions and other external factors may impact the competitive landscape for deposits in the banking industry in an unpredictable manner. The rising interest rate environment has increased competition for liquidity and the premium at which liquidity is available to meet funding needs. 
 
 The Corporation continually encounters technological change and the failure to understand and adapt to these changes could adversely affect its business. 
 The banking industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for "non-banks" to offer traditional bank products and services using innovative technological platforms such as Fintech and Blockchain. These "digital banks" may be able to achieve economies of scale and offer better pricing for banking products and services than the Corporation can. The Corporation's future success will depend, in part, on the ability to address the needs of customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in operations. Many competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. There can be no assurance that the Corporation will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation's business and, in turn, its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 27 

Systems failures or breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to protect our computer systems and network infrastructure against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with us. Although we, with the help of third-party service providers, intend to continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures designed to prevent such damage, our security measures may not be successful. In addition, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we and our third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data. A failure of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 It is possible that we could incur significant costs associated with a breach of our computer systems. While we have cyber liability insurance, there are limitations on coverage. Furthermore, cyber incidents carry a greater risk of injury to our reputation. Finally, depending on the type of incident, banking regulators can impose restrictions on our business and consumer laws may require reimbursement of customer losses. 
 
 Risks Related to Accounting Matters 
 
 The Corporation's accounting policies and estimates are critical to how the Corporation reports its financial condition and results of operations, and any changes to such accounting policies and estimates could materially affect how the Corporation reports its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability or reducing a liability. The Corporation has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure that these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, these policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the uncertainty surrounding its judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, actual outcomes may be materially different from amounts previously estimated. For example, because of the inherent uncertainty of estimates, management cannot provide any assurance that the Bank will not significantly increase its allowance for loan losses if actual losses are more than the amount reserved. Any increase in its allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Corporation cannot guarantee that it will not be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior financial statements. 
 Further, from time to time, the FASB and SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Corporation's financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Corporation records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Corporation could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in its restating prior period financial statements or otherwise adversely affecting its financial condition or results of operations. 
 Specifically, in June of 2016, FASB issued a new accounting standard, ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326 that will substantially change the accounting for credit losses under GAAP. Under GAAP's current standards, credit losses are not reflected in the Corporation's financial statements until it is probable that the credit losses has been incurred. This methodology has the effect of delaying the recognition of credit losses on loans. Under the new credit loss standard, the allowance for credit losses will be an estimate of the "expected" lifetime credit losses on loans existing in the portfolio as of the reporting period. The new credit loss standard may have a negative impact on the reporting of results of operations and financial condition of the Corporation. The amendments in this ASU became effective for the Corporation for the fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2023. 
 
 28 

The Corporation holds certain intangible assets that could be classified as impaired in the future. If these assets are considered to be either partially or fully impaired in the future, its earnings and the book values of these assets would decrease. 
 The Corporation is required to test its goodwill for impairment on a periodic basis. The impairment testing process considers a variety of factors, including the current market price of its common stock, the estimated net present value of its assets and liabilities, and information concerning the terminal valuation of similarly situated insured depository institutions. If an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, its earnings and the book value of goodwill would be reduced by the amount of the impairment. If an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of the Corporation's common shares or its regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly restrict the Bank from paying a dividend to the Corporation. 
 
 Financial counterparties expose the Corporation to risks. 
 The Corporation has increased its use of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps, which exposes it to financial and contractual risks with counterparty banks. The Corporation maintains correspondent bank relationships, manages certain loan participations, engages in securities transactions, and engages in other activities with financial counterparties that are customary to its industry. Financial risks are inherent in these counterparty relationships. 
 
 Risks Related to Wealth Management 
 
 Involvement in wealth management creates risks associated with the industry. 
 The Corporation s wealth management operations present special risks not borne by institutions that focus exclusively on other traditional retail and commercial banking products. For example, the investment advisory industry is subject to fluctuations in the stock market that may have a significant adverse effect on transaction fees, client activity and client investment portfolio gains and losses. Also, additional or modified regulations may adversely affect our wealth management operations. In addition, our wealth management operations are dependent on a small number of established financial advisors, whose departure could result in the loss of a significant number of client accounts. A significant decline in fees and commissions or trading losses suffered in the investment portfolio could adversely affect our income and potentially require the contribution of additional capital to support our operations. 
 
 There may be claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 From time to time as part of the Corporation s normal course of business, customers make claims and take legal action against the Corporation based on its actions or inactions related to the fiduciary responsibilities of the Wealth Management Group segment. If such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to the Corporation, they may result in financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of the Corporation and its products and services. This may also impact customer demand for the Corporation s products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Business Risk Factors 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant economic impact on the communities in which the Corporation operates, its borrowers and depositors, and the national economy generally. Although the domestic and global economies have significantly recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic as health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic remain and may persist for some time. Specifically, despite growth in economic activity and the demand for goods and services as COVID-19 restrictions were lifted, labor shortages and supply chain disruptions have contributed to an increase in inflation, and the risk of a recession. The ongoing and dynamic nature of COVID-19 makes it difficult to predict future developments. 
 The Corporation expects the impact of COVID-19 to continue to be present, and last for an undetermined amount of time. The expected impact of COVID-19 on the Corporation s business, results of operations, financial condition and capital levels, cannot be determined and is uncertain. 
 29 

Severe weather and other natural disasters can affect the Corporation s business. 
 The Corporation's main office and its branch offices can be affected by natural disasters such as severe storms and flooding. These kinds of events could interrupt the Corporation's operations, particularly its ability to deliver deposit and other retail banking services to its customers and as a result, the Corporation's business could suffer serious harm. While the Corporation maintains adequate insurance against property and casualty losses arising from most natural disasters, and it has successfully overcome the challenges caused by past flooding in Central New York, there can be no assurance that it will be as successful if and when disasters occur. 
 Additionally, global markets may be adversely affected by natural disasters, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyber-attacks or campaigns, military conflict such as the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. Global market disruptions may affect our business liquidity. Also, any sudden or prolonged market downturn in the U.S. or abroad, as a result of the above factors or otherwise could result in a decline in revenue and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. 
 
 Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
 The national economy continues to experience elevated levels of inflation. As of December 31, 2022, the year over year consumer price index CPI increase was 6.5 , primarily driven by increases in food and energy prices. As a result, the FRB raised interest rates by 425 basis points in 2022 to combat rising inflation. High inflation, if sustained, could have an adverse effect on our business. The recent increase in interest rates in response to elevated levels of inflation has decreased the fair value of our securities portfolio, resulting in an increase in unrealized losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. In addition, inflation-driven increases in our levels of non-interest expense could negatively impact our results of operations. High inflation and increasing interest rates could also cause increased volatility in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and borrowers ability to repay loans. 
 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The Corporation s common stock is not heavily traded, and the stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 The Corporation s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol CHMG. Certain brokers currently make a market in the common stock, but such transactions are infrequent and the volume of shares traded is relatively small. Management cannot predict whether these or other brokers will continue to make a market in our common stock. Prices on stock that is not heavily traded, such as our common stock, can be more volatile than heavily traded stock. Factors such as our financial results, the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, publicity regarding the banking industry, and various other factors affecting the banking industry may have a significant impact on the market price of the shares of the common stock. Management also cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Accordingly, shareholders may not be able to sell their shares of our common stock at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire. 
 
 The Corporation is a holding company and depends on its subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. 
 The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and other subsidiaries. Its principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends to its shareholders, is dividends from the Bank. There are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Corporation, as well as by the Corporation to its shareholders. FRB regulations affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends and other distributions and to make loans to the Corporation. If the Bank is unable to make dividend payments to the Corporation and sufficient capital is not otherwise available, the Corporation may not be able to make dividend payments to its common shareholders. 
 
 30 

Provisions of the Corporation's certificate of incorporation, bylaws, as well as New York law and certain banking laws, could delay or prevent a takeover of the Corporation by a third party. 
 Provisions of the Corporation s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, New York law, and state and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could delay, defer or prevent a third party from acquiring the Corporation, despite the possible benefit to the Corporation s shareholders, or otherwise adversely affect the market price of the Corporation s common stock. These provisions include: a two-thirds affirmative vote of all outstanding shares of Corporation stock for certain business combinations; a supermajority shareholder vote of 75 of outstanding stock for business combinations involving 10 shareholders; the election of directors to staggered terms of three years; and advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Corporation s Board of Directors and for proposing matters that shareholders may act on at a shareholder meeting. In addition, the Corporation is subject to New York law, which among other things prohibits the Corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested shareholder for a period of five years from the date the person became an interested shareholder unless certain conditions are met. These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discouraging bids for the Corporation s common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of the Corporation s common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors other than candidates nominated by the Board of Directors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 All properties owned or leased by the Bank are considered to be in good condition. For additional information about the Corporation s facilities, including rental expenses, see "Note 5 Premises and Equipment" in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this report. The Corporation holds no real estate in its own name. 
 
 31 

Corporate Headquarters Executive and Administrative Offices One Chemung Canal Plaza, Elmira, NY 14901 Wealth Management Group Regional Offices 305 E. Water Street, Elmira, NY 14901 127 Court Street, Binghamton, NY 13901 132-136 State Street, Albany, NY 12207 Full-Service Branches - New York Albany County Saratoga County 132-136 State St., Albany, NY 12207 25 Park Ave., Clifton Park, NY 12065 65 Wolf Rd., Albany, NY 12205 3057 Route 50, Saratoga Springs, NY 12866 581 Loudon Rd., Latham, NY 12110 1365 New Scotland Rd., Slingerlands, NY 12159 Schenectady County 2 Rush St., Schenectady, NY 12305 Broome County 127 Court St., Binghamton, NY 13901 Schuyler County 100 Rano Blvd., Vestal, NY 13850 318 N. Franklin St., Watkins Glen, NY 14891 303 W. Main St., Montour Falls, NY 14865 Cayuga County 110 Genesee St., Auburn, NY 13021 Seneca County 185 Grant Ave., Auburn, NY 13021 54 Fall St., Seneca Falls, NY 13148 Chemung County Steuben County One Chemung Canal Plaza, Elmira, NY 14901 201 Bath and Hammondsport RR, Bath, NY 14810 628 W. Church St., Elmira, NY 14905 149 West Market St., Corning, NY 14830 951 Pennsylvania Ave., Elmira, NY 14904 100 W. McCann's Blvd., Elmira Heights, NY 14903 Tioga County 29 Arnot Rd., Horseheads, NY 14845 203 Main St., Owego, NY 13827 602 S. Main St., Horseheads, NY 14845 405 Chemung St., Waverly, NY 14892 Cortland County Tompkins County 
 1094 State Rte. 222, Cortland, NY 13045 806 W. Buffalo St., Ithaca, NY 14850 304 Elmira Rd., Ithaca, NY 14850 Erie County 909 Hanshaw Rd., Ithaca, NY 14850 9159 Main Street, Clarence, NY 14031 Full-Service Branches - Pennsylvania (Bradford County) 5 West Main St., Canton, PA 17724 159 Canton St., Troy, PA 16947 CFS Group One Chemung Canal Plaza, Elmira, NY 14901 Available by appointment at all bank locations Leased facilities and/or property 
 
 32 

Leased Off-Site ATM Locations Albany Capital Center Albany, NY E-Z Food Mart Elmira, NY Ithaca College Ithaca, NY 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In the normal course of business, there are various outstanding claims and legal proceedings involving the Corporation or its subsidiaries. On February 4, 2020, the Corporation filed a lawsuit against Pioneer Bank, Albany, New York, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York in the County of Albany. As disclosed in the Corporation's September 12, 2019 Current Report on Form 8-K, the Bank owns a participating interest totaling 4.2 million in an approximately 36.0 million commercial credit facility on which the borrower defaulted due to fraudulent activity. The Corporation's complaint alleges that Pioneer Bank, as lead bank, breached the participation agreement and engaged in fraud and negligent misrepresentation. The Corporation received a recovery of 0.5 million in April 2020, and continues to pursue recovery of the remaining 3.7 million and accumulated expenses as a result of purchasing the participation interest. 
 
 Other than as noted above, the Corporation believes that it is not a party to any pending legal, arbitration, or regulatory proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on its financial results or liquidity as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 
 33 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Corporation's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "CHMG." 
 
 The table below shows the price ranges for the Corporation s common stock during each of the indicated quarters. The information is based upon the high and low closing sales prices reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 
 Common Stock Market Prices and Dividends Paid 
 During the Past Two Years 
 December 31, 2022 High Low Dividends 4th Quarter 47.99 41.21 0.31 3rd Quarter 48.38 41.80 0.31 2nd Quarter 47.48 40.88 0.31 1st Quarter 47.14 45.25 0.31 December 31, 2021 High Low Dividends 4th Quarter 48.33 44.29 0.31 3rd Quarter 48.30 42.81 0.31 2nd Quarter 46.60 42.09 0.31 1st Quarter 44.73 33.46 0.26 
 
 Under New York law, the Corporation may pay dividends on its common stock either: (i) out of surplus, so that the Corporation s net assets remaining after such payment equal the amount of its stated capital, or (ii) if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. The payment of dividends on the Corporation's common stock is dependent, in large part, upon receipt of dividends from the Bank, which is subject to certain restrictions which may limit its ability to pay the Corporation dividends. See Item 1, Business Supervision and Regulation-The Bank-Payment of Dividends for an explanation of legal limitations on the Bank s ability to pay dividends. 
 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were 454 registered holders of record of the Corporation's stock. 
 
 The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by the Corporation of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 10/01/22 - 10/31/22 200,816 11/01/22 - 11/30/22 200,816 12/01/22 - 12/31/22 200,816 Quarter ended 12/31/2022 200,816 

On January 8, 2021 the Corporation announced that the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program whereby the Corporation may repurchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5 of its outstanding shares. Purchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in private negotiated transactions and will be at the discretion of management. As of March 10, 2023, a total of 49,184 shares were repurchased at an average cost of 40.42 per share. 

34 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 
 The following graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative total shareholder return on the Corporation s common stock against the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, KBW NASDAQ Bank Index, and S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index for the period of five years commencing December 31, 2017. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Chemung Financial Corporation 100.00 87.92 92.56 76.72 107.84 109.53 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.36 116.69 
 
 The cumulative total return includes (1) dividends paid and (2) changes in the share price of the Corporation s common stock and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. The above graph assumes that the value of the investment in Chemung Financial Corporation and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017. 
 
 The Total Returns Index for NASDAQ Composite, KBW NASDAQ Bank Index, and S P SmallCap Bank Indices were obtained from S P Global Market Intelligence, New York, NY. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 35 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Overview 
 
 The following is the MD A of the Corporation in this Form 10-K at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. The purpose of this discussion is to focus on information about the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. Reference should be made to the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes for an understanding of the following discussion and analysis. See the list of commonly used abbreviations and terms on pages 2-5. 
 The MD A included in this Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of the Corporation's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of those risks and uncertainties and the factors that could cause the Corporation s actual results to differ materially from those risks and uncertainties, see Forward-looking Statements below. 
 The Corporation has been a financial holding company since 2000, and the Bank was established in 1833, CFS in 2001, and CRM in 2016. Through the Bank and CFS, the Corporation provides a wide range of financial services, including demand, savings and time deposits, commercial, residential and consumer loans, interest rate swaps, letters of credit, wealth management services, employee benefit plans, insurance products, mutual funds and brokerage services. The Bank relies substantially on a foundation of locally generated deposits. The Corporation, on a stand-alone basis, has minimal results of operations. The Bank derives its income primarily from interest and fees on loans, interest on investment securities, WMG fee income, and fees received in connection with deposit and other services. The Bank s operating expenses are interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings, salaries and employee benefit plans, and general operating expenses. 
 CRM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which was formed and began operations on May 31, 2016, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company that insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. CRM pools resources with several other similar insurance company subsidiaries of financial institutions to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. CRM is subject to regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. 

Forward-looking Statements 
 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Corporation intends its forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in these sections. All statements regarding the Corporation's expected financial position and operating results, the Corporation's business strategy, the Corporation's financial plans, forecasted demographic and economic trends relating to the Corporation's industry and similar matters are forward-looking statements. These statements can sometimes be identified by the Corporation's use of forward-looking words such as "may," "will," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," or "intend." The Corporation cannot guarantee that its expectations in such forward-looking statements will turn out to be correct. The Corporation's actual results could be materially different from expectations because of various factors, including changes in economic conditions or interest rates, credit risk, difficulties in managing the Corporation s growth, competition, changes in law or the regulatory environment, and changes in general business and economic trends. Information concerning these and other factors can be found in the Corporation s periodic filings with the SEC, including the discussion under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K. The Corporation's quarterly filings are available publicly on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov, on the Corporation's website at http://www.chemungcanal.com or by written request to: Kathleen S. McKillip, Corporate Secretary, Chemung Financial Corporation, One Chemung Canal Plaza, Elmira, NY 14901. Except as otherwise required by law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

36 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting estimates include the areas where the Corporation has made what it considers to be particularly difficult, subjective or complex judgments concerning estimates, and where these estimates can significantly affect the Corporation's financial results under different assumptions and conditions. The Corporation prepares its financial statements in conformity with GAAP. As a result, the Corporation is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes are reasonable based upon the information available at that time. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the years presented. Actual results could be different from these estimates. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Management considers the allowance for loan losses to be a critical accounting estimate given the uncertainty in evaluating the level of allowance required to cover probable incurred credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio, and the material effect that such judgments can have on the Corporation's results of operations. Determining the amount requires significant judgement on the part of management, is multi-faceted, and can be imprecise. Considerations include use of estimates related to the timing of expected cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogenous loans based on historical loss experience, implications of current economic trends and conditions, and other qualitative factors, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The allowance is established through a provision for loan losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income, and evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is performed by management on a quarterly basis. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Corporation's allowance for loan losses. 
 Actual loss experience is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present in each portfolio segment. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor may have, or input might affect, the overall allowance because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in estimating the allowance, and changes in those factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate or be consistent across all product types. Additionally, changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. Qualitative factors considered include lending practices oversight, an array of local and national economic considerations, and other factors pertinent to the credit quality of the portfolio. 
 In estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses, management considers the sensitivity of the model to the significant judgements and assumptions built in, and the material impact that these assumptions could have on the allowance. Given the concentration of ALLL allocation to the commercial portfolio, specifically in the area of commercial real estate, management has analyzed a series of economic scenarios to determine the hypothetical impact that changes in the underlying conditions of the commercial real estate portfolio may have on reserve requirements. Management determined that these scenarios could materially impact ALLL requirements, either positively or adversely. Real estate values in the Corporation s market area have not changed dramatically in recent years, primarily appreciating, and, as a result, any declines in real estate values have been modest. While management has concluded that the current evaluation of collateral values is reasonable under the circumstances, if collateral evaluations were significantly lowered, the Corporation's allowance for loan losses policy would require additional provisions for loan losses. This analysis helps guide management in making determinations relating to adjustments in the qualitative portion of the allowance. 
 If the assumptions underlying the determination of the ALLL prove to be incorrect, the allowance may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses and an increase in the allowance may be necessary to account for different assumptions or adverse developments. In addition, problems with one or more specific loans could require a significant increase to the ALLL. 
 Management s methodology and policy in determining the allowance for loan losses can be found in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The activity in the allowance for loan losses is depicted in supporting tables in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 37 

Consolidated Financial Highlights 
 As of or for the Years Ended December 31, December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Interest and dividend income 81,475 69,008 Interest expense 7,296 3,419 Net interest income 74,179 65,589 Provision for loan losses (554) 17 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 74,733 65,572 Non-interest income 21,436 23,870 Non-interest expenses 59,280 55,682 Income before income tax expense 36,889 33,760 Income tax expense 8,106 7,335 Net income 28,783 26,425 Basic and diluted earnings per share 6.13 5.64 Average basic and diluted shares outstanding 4,693 4,683 PERFORMANCE RATIOS Return on average assets 1.15 1.09 Return on average equity 15.93 12.94 Return on average tangible equity (a) 18.12 14.49 Efficiency ratio (unadjusted) (f) 62.00 62.24 Efficiency ratio (adjusted) (a) (b) 61.71 61.71 Non-interest expense to average assets 2.37 2.30 Loans to deposits 78.61 70.44 AVERAGE YIELDS / RATES - Fully Taxable Equivalent Yield on loans 4.14 3.82 Yield on investments 1.71 1.34 Yield on interest-earning assets 3.35 2.99 Cost of interest-bearing deposits 0.44 0.22 Cost of borrowings 2.76 3.05 Cost of interest-bearing liabilities 0.47 0.23 Interest rate spread 2.88 2.76 Net interest margin, fully taxable equivalent 3.05 2.84 CAPITAL Total equity to total assets at end of year 6.29 8.74 Tangible equity to tangible assets at end of year (a) 5.51 7.91 Book value per share 35.32 45.09 Tangible book value per share (a) 30.69 40.44 Year-end market value per share 45.87 46.45 Dividends declared per share 1.24 1.19 
 38 

As of or for the Years Ended December 31, December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 AVERAGE BALANCES Loans (c) 1,646,576 1,545,579 Interest-earning assets 2,444,287 2,324,498 Total assets 2,496,099 2,421,801 Deposits 2,255,326 2,179,128 Total equity 180,684 204,239 Tangible equity (a) 158,857 182,314 ASSET QUALITY Net charge-offs (recoveries) 812 (84) Non-performing loans (d) 8,178 8,114 Non-performing assets (e) 8,373 8,227 Allowance for loan losses 19,659 21,025 Annualized net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 0.05 (0.01) Non-performing loans to total loans 0.45 0.54 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.32 0.34 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 1.07 1.38 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 240.39 259.17 (a) See the GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations on pages 63-66. (b) Efficiency ratio (adjusted) is non-interest expense less amortization of intangible assets less legal accruals and settlements divided by the total of fully taxable equivalent net interest income plus non-interest income less net gains on securities transactions. (c) Loans include loans held for sale. Loans do not reflect the allowance for loan losses. (d) Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans only. (e) Non-performing assets include non-performing loans plus other real estate owned. (f) Efficiency ratio (unadjusted) is non-interest bearing expense divided by the total of net interest income plus non-interest income. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The following section of the MD A provides a comparative discussion of the Corporation s Consolidated Results of Operations on a reported basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates that affect the Consolidated Results of Operations, see page 37. 
 
 39 

Net Income 
 
 The following table presents selected financial information for the years indicated, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands, except per share and ratio data): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Percentage Change Net interest income 74,179 65,589 8,590 13.1 Non-interest income 21,436 23,870 (2,434) (10.2) Non-interest expenses 59,280 55,682 3,598 6.5 Pre-provision income 36,335 33,777 2,558 7.6 Provision for loan losses ) (571) N/M Income tax expense 771 10.5 Net income 28,783 26,425 2,358 8.9 Basic and diluted earnings per share 0.49 8.7 Selected financial ratios Return on average assets 1.15 1.09 Return on average equity 15.93 12.94 Net interest margin, fully taxable equivalent 3.05 2.84 Efficiency ratio (adjusted) (a) 61.71 61.71 Non-interest expense to average assets 2.37 2.30 
 (a) See the GAAP to Non-GAAP reconciliations on pages 63-66 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.8 million, or per share, compared with net income of 26.4 million, or per share, for the prior year. Return on average equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.93 , compared with 12.94 for the prior year. The increase in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, was driven by an increase in net interest income and a decrease in the provision for loan losses, offset by a decrease in non-interest income and increases in non-interest expenses and income tax expense. 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The following table presents net interest income for the years indicated, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Percentage Change Interest and dividend income 81,475 69,008 12,467 18.1 Interest expense 7,296 3,419 3,877 113.4 Net interest income 74,179 65,589 8,590 13.1 
 
 Net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities, and the interest expense accrued on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings, is the largest contributor to the Corporation s earnings. 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 74.2 million, an increase of 8.6 million, or 13.1 , compared with 65.6 million for the prior year. Fully taxable equivalent net interest margin was 3.05 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 2.84 for the prior year. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to increases of 9.2 million in interest income on loans, including fees, 3.2 million in interest and dividend income on taxable securities, and 0.1 million in interest income on interest-earning deposits, offset by increases of 3.4 million in interest expense on deposits, and 0.5 million in interest expense on borrowed funds. 
 40 

The increase in interest income on loans, including fees was due primarily to a 32 basis points increase in the average yield on loans, primarily related to the commercial and consumer loan portfolios due to an increase in interest rates, and a 101.0 million increase in average loan balances, representing increases across all loan categories. The increase in interest and dividend income on taxable securities was due primarily to a 28 basis points increase in the average yield, due to an increase in interest rates, and an increase in the average invested balances of 83.9 million. The increase in interest income on interest-earning deposits was due primarily to the increase in interest rates on overnight deposits with the average yield on interest-earning deposits increasing from 0.17 in 2021 to 1.24 in 2022. The increase in interest expense on deposits was due primarily to a 22 basis points increase in average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits which included higher costing one-way brokered deposits, and an organic deposit campaign in the fourth quarter of 2022, when compared to the prior year. The increase in interest expense on borrowed funds was due primarily to an increase in the average balances and interest rates of overnight FHLBNY borrowings, when compared to the prior year. 
 Average interest-earning assets increased 119.8 million in 2022 when compared to the prior year. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 70.0 million when compared to the prior year. The average yield on average interest-earning assets increased 36 basis points, and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 24 basis points, when compared to the prior year. 
 
 41 

Average Consolidated Balance Sheet and Interest Analysis 
 
 The following table presents certain information related to the Corporation s average consolidated balance sheets and its consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. It also reflects the average yield on interest-earning assets and average cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. For the purpose of the table below, non-accruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. Daily balances were used for average balance computations. Investment securities are stated at amortized cost. Tax equivalent adjustments have been made in calculating yields on obligations of states and political subdivisions, tax-free commercial loans and dividends on equity investments. Loan fee income was 1.2 million and 4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was comprised primarily of fees related to the Paycheck Protection Program. 
 
 AVERAGE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST INCOME ANALYSIS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets: Commercial loans 1,143,908 50,146 4.38 1,091,569 42,661 3.91 Mortgage loans 274,067 9,226 3.37 248,387 8,474 3.41 Consumer loans 228,601 8,857 3.87 205,623 7,850 3.82 Taxable securities 734,898 12,107 1.65 650,974 8,946 1.37 Tax-exempt securities 41,915 1,304 3.11 41,632 1,308 3.14 Interest-earning deposits 20,898 260 1.24 86,313 151 0.17 Total interest-earning assets 2,444,287 81,900 3.35 2,324,498 69,390 2.99 Non-interest earning assets: Cash and due from banks 24,497 26,150 Premises and equipment, net 16,978 19,107 Other assets 90,879 69,445 Allowance for loan losses (19,453) (21,093) AFS valuation allowance (61,089) 3,694 Total assets 2,496,099 2,421,801 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 278,946 412 0.15 287,340 235 0.08 Savings and insured money market deposits 949,597 2,241 0.24 932,940 930 0.10 Time deposits 297,662 4,002 1.34 254,718 2,119 0.83 Capital leases and other debt 23,208 641 2.76 4,420 135 3.05 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,549,413 7,296 0.47 1,479,418 3,419 0.23 Non-interest bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 729,121 704,130 Other liabilities 36,881 34,014 Total liabilities 2,315,415 2,217,562 Shareholders' equity 180,684 204,239 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,496,099 2,421,801 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income 74,604 65,971 Net interest rate spread (1) 2.88 2.76 Net interest margin, fully taxable equivalent (2) 3.05 2.84 Taxable equivalent adjustment (425) (382) Net interest income 74,179 65,589 
 (1) Net interest rate spread is the difference in the average yield on interest-earning assets less the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (2) Net interest margin is the ratio of fully taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 
 42 

Changes Due to Rate and Volume 
 Net interest income can be analyzed in terms of the impact of changes in rates and volumes. The table below illustrates the extent to which changes in interest rates and in the volume of average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected the Corporation s interest income and interest expense during the years indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate); (ii) changes attributable to changes in rates (changes in rates multiplied by prior volume); and (iii) the net changes. For purposes of this table, changes that are not due solely to volume or rate changes have been allocated to these categories based on the respective percentage changes in average volume and rate. Due to the numerous simultaneous volume and rate changes during the years analyzed, it is not possible to precisely allocate changes between volume and rates. In addition, average interest-earning assets include non-accrual loans and taxable equivalent adjustments were made. 
 
 RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST INCOME 2022 vs. 2021 Increase/(Decrease) (in thousands) Total Change Due to Volume Due to Rate Interest income Commercial loans 7,485 2,134 5,351 Mortgage loans 752 854 (102) Consumer loans 1,007 901 106 Taxable securities 3,161 1,223 1,938 Tax-exempt securities (4) 9 (13) Interest-earning deposits 109 (187) 296 Total interest income 12,510 4,934 7,576 
 Interest expense Interest-bearing demand deposits 177 (7) 184 Savings and insured money market deposits 1,311 17 1,294 Time deposits 1,883 405 1,478 Long-term advances and other debt 506 520 (14) Total interest expense 3,877 935 2,942 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income 8,633 3,999 4,634 

Provision for loan losses 
 
 Management performs an ongoing assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses based upon a number of factors including an analysis of historical loss factors, collateral evaluations, recent charge-off experience, credit quality of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and loan growth. Management continued to evaluate the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as it relates to the loan portfolio in 2022. As part of this analysis, the Corporation released the remaining 2.4 million of the pandemic related portion of the allowance in 2022. In total, the Corporation released 4.3 million and utilized 0.5 million of the pandemic related allowance established in 2020. The Corporation no longer holds a pandemic related reserve as part of the allowance for loan losses. 
 The provision for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was credit of a 0.6 million and a provision of 17.0 thousand, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the 2.4 million release of the pandemic related portion of the allowance, the 1.5 million release of a specific reserve related to the sale of a large commercial real estate credit, positive impacts of 0.8 million related to the upgrade of two large commercial credits, and a 1.0 million decrease in the historical loss factor due to the roll-off of a commercial real estate owner occupied property previously charged off in 2020. These decreases in the provision were offset by additional provision of 4.2 million related to increased loan growth, along with additional provisioning for loan concentrations and deteriorating national economic conditions. Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 0.8 million. Net recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 0.1 million. 

43 

Non-interest income 
 
 The following table presents non-interest income for the years indicated, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Percentage Change WMG fee income 10,280 11,072 (792) (7.2) Service charges on deposit accounts 3,788 3,214 574 17.9 Interchange revenue from debit card transactions 4,603 4,844 (241) (5.0) Change in fair value of equity investments (349) 246 (595) (241.9) Net gains on sales of loans held for sale 107 1,073 (966) (90.0) Net gains (losses) on sales of other real estate owned 60 (16) 76 475.0 Income from bank owned life insurance 46 52 (6) (11.5) CFS fee and commission income 1,079 1,044 35 3.4 Other 1,822 2,341 (519) (22.2) Total non-interest income 21,436 23,870 (2,434) (10.2) 
 
 Non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 21.4 million compared with 23.9 million for the prior year, a decrease of 2.4 million, or 10.2 . The decrease was due primarily to decreases of 1.0 million in net gains on sales of loans held for sale, 0.8 million in wealth management group fee income, 0.6 million in the change in fair value of equity investments, 0.5 million in other non-interest income, and 0.2 million in interchange revenue from debit card transactions, offset by an increase of 0.6 million in service charges on deposit accounts. 
 
 Net Gains on Sales of Loans Held for Sale 
 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale decreased primarily due to a decrease in net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans sold into the secondary market when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Wealth Management Group Fee Income 
 The decrease in wealth management group fee income was primarily attributed to a decrease in the market value of total assets under management or administration. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Equity Investments 
 Change in fair value of equity investments decreased in 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in the assets held and the market value thereon. 
 
 Other non-interest income 
 Other non-interest income decreased compared to the prior year primarily due to the receipt of real estate and sales tax refunds received in the prior year. 
 
 Interchange Revenue from Debit Card Transactions 
 The decrease in interchange revenue from debit card transactions was primarily attributable to a decrease in consumer debit card usage when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts 
 The increase in service charges on deposit accounts was primarily due to an increase in non-sufficient fund and overdraft fees when compared to the prior year. 

44 

Non-interest expenses 
 
 The following table presents non-interest expenses for the years indicated, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Percentage Change Compensation expenses: Salaries and wages 25,054 24,413 641 2.6 Pension and other employee benefits 7,668 6,086 1,582 26.0 Other components of net periodic pension cost (benefits) (1,648) (1,583) (65) (4.1) Total compensation expenses 31,074 28,916 2,158 7.5 Non-compensation expenses: Net occupancy 5,539 5,873 (334) (5.7) Furniture and equipment 1,906 1,669 237 14.2 Data processing 8,919 8,519 400 4.7 Professional services 2,171 1,932 239 12.4 Amortization of intangible assets 15 243 (228) (93.8) Marketing and advertising 941 792 149 18.8 Other real estate owned expense (5) 40 (45) (112.5) FDIC insurance 1,356 1,408 (52) (3.7) Loan expense 1,001 1,037 (36) (3.5) Other 6,363 5,253 1,110 21.1 Total non-compensation expenses 28,206 26,766 1,440 5.4 Total non-interest expenses 59,280 55,682 3,598 6.5 
 
 Non-interest expense increased 3.6 million, or 6.5 in 2022. The increase was due primarily to increases of 2.2 million in total compensation expenses and 1.4 million in total non-compensation expenses. 
 
 Compensation expenses 
 Compensation expenses increased 2.2 million, or 7.5 when compared to the prior year, primarily due to increases of 1.6 million in pension and other employee benefit expense and 0.6 million in salaries and wages, partially offset by a 0.1 million increase in the credit related to the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits. Pension and other employee benefits increased primarily due to an increase in healthcare costs when compared to the prior year. The increase in salaries and wages was primarily due to annual merit increases, increases in salary costs to fill open positions due to competitive market conditions, and a decrease in deferred salary costs related to PPP, offset by a decline in the market value of the Corporation's deferred compensation plan, when compared to the prior year. The increase in the credit related to the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits was primarily due to a change in factors used to prepare annual actuarial estimates. 
 
 45 

Non-compensation expenses 
 Non-compensation expenses increased 1.4 million, or 5.4 , primarily due to increases of 1.1 million in other non-interest expense, 0.4 million in data processing expense, 0.2 million in professional services, and 0.2 million in furniture and equipment expenditures, offset by decreases of 0.3 million in net occupancy expense and 0.2 million in amortization of intangible assets. 
 
 The increase in other non-interest expense was due primarily to the 0.3 million recognition of directors' stock compensation expense due to the implementation of the Corporation's 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, a 0.1 million increase in CDARS fee expense, 0.1 million of additional restitution regarding previously disclosed consumer compliance matters, and a 0.2 million related reserve which was initially released in 2021. The increase in data processing expense was primarily attributable to investment in the Corporation's Tap-to-Pay debit cards supporting contactless transactions, increased software maintenance expenses, and a credit received in the prior year. Professional services increased primarily due to additional consulting services in the current year. Furniture and equipment expenditures increased primarily due to a an increase in building security enhancements and ATM maintenance expenses when compared to the prior year. The decrease in net occupancy expense was primarily attributable to decreases in depreciation expense related to the sale of properties, when compared to the prior year. The decrease in amortization of intangible assets was primarily attributable to an intangible asset reaching its fully amortized value. 

Income tax expense 
 The following table presents income tax expense and the effective tax rate for the years indicated, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Percentage Change Income before income tax expense 36,889 33,760 3,129 9.3 Income tax expense 8,106 7,335 771 10.5 Effective tax rate 22.0 21.7 
 
 The effective tax rate increased to 22.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 21.7 for the prior year. The increase in income tax expense can be attributed to an increase in pre-tax income. 
 
 46 

Financial Condition 
 
 The following table presents selected financial information at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the dollar and percent change (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Percentage Change Assets Total cash and cash equivalents 55,869 26,981 28,888 107.1 Total investment securities, FHLB, and FRB stock 646,040 802,998 (156,958) (19.5) Loans, net of deferred loan fees 1,829,448 1,518,249 311,199 20.5 Allowance for loan losses (19,659) (21,025) (1,366) (6.5) Loans, net 1,809,789 1,497,224 312,565 20.9 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 21,824 21,839 (15) (0.1) Other assets 112,031 69,433 42,598 61.4 Total assets 2,645,553 2,418,475 227,078 9.4 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Total deposits 2,327,227 2,155,433 171,794 8.0 Capital lease obligations and FHLBNY advances 99,137 18,164 80,973 445.8 Other liabilities 52,801 33,423 19,378 58.0 Total liabilities 2,479,165 2,207,020 272,145 12.3 Total shareholders equity 166,388 211,455 (45,067) (21.3) Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,645,553 2,418,475 227,078 9.4 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 The increase in cash and cash equivalents can be mostly attributed to changes in securities, loans, deposits, and borrowings, offset by net income. 
 
 Investment securities 
 The decrease was primarily due to 86.2 million in paydowns and a decrease in the fair value of the portfolio of 93.2 million due to increases in interest rates, offset by purchases of 23.7 million of the securities available for sale portfolio. 
 
 Loans, net 
 The increase in total loans, net, can be mostly attributed to increases of 189.4 million in commercial loans, 95.5 million in consumer loans, and 26.3 million in residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The decrease in the allowance for loan losses can mostly be attributed to the release of the aforementioned 2.4 million pandemic related portion of the allowance, the 1.5 million release of a specific reserve related to the sale of a large commercial real estate credit, positive impacts of 0.8 million related to upgrades of two large commercial credits, and a 1.0 million decrease in the historical loss factor due to the roll-off of a commercial real estate owner occupied property previously charged off in the second quarter of 2020. These decreases in the allowance were offset by additional provision of 4.2 million related to increased loan growth, along with additional provision for loan concentrations and deteriorating national economic conditions. The allowance for loan losses was 240.39 of non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 259.17 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.07 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.38 at December 31, 2021. Please refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for discussion on transition to Current Expected Credit Losses. 
 
 47 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
 The decrease in goodwill and other intangible assets, net, can be attributed to amortization of other intangible assets. There were no impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Assets 
 The increase in other assets can be mostly attributed to increases of 16.9 million in deferred tax asset related to the market value adjustment on the available for sale securities portfolio, and 17.9 million in interest rate swap assets, primarily due to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Deposits 
 The growth in deposits was attributable to an increase of 206.0 million in time deposits, 73.5 million of which were one-way brokered deposits, offset by decreases of 13.7 million in insured money market accounts, 13.1 million in interest-bearing demand deposits, 6.3 million in non-interest bearing demand deposits, and 1.2 million in savings deposits. 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations and FHLBNY Advances 
 The increase in capital lease obligations and FHLBNY advances can be mostly attributed to 81.2 million in FHLBNY overnight advances. 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 The increase in other liabilities can be mostly attributed to a 17.7 million increase in interest rate swap liabilities, primarily due to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Shareholders equity 
 The decrease in shareholders' equity was due primarily to a 68.7 million decrease in accumulated other income (loss), offset by an increase of 23.0 million in retained earnings. The decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) can mostly be attributed to a decrease in the fair value of the securities portfolio. The increase in retained earnings was primarily due to net income of 28.8 million, offset by 5.8 million in dividends declared during the current year. Treasury stock increased 0.2 million primarily due to the Corporation's common stock repurchase program, offset by the impact of the issuance of shares related to the Corporation's employee benefit plans. During 2022, a total of 14,263 shares of common stock at a total cost of 0.6 million were repurchased by the Corporation under its share repurchase program. The weighted average cost was 45.00 per share repurchased. Remaining buyback authority under the share repurchase program was 200,816 shares at December 31, 2022. As of March 10, 2023, 49,184 shares have been repurchased, at an average cost of 40.42 per share. 
 
 Assets under management or administration 
 The market value of total assets under management or administration in WMG was 2.053 billion, including 346.5 million of assets held under management or administration for the Corporation, at December 31, 2022 compared with 2.325 billion, including 344.2 million of assets held under management or administration for the Corporation, at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 271.9 million, or 11.7 . The decrease in total assets under management or administration for the Corporation can be mostly attributed to a general decline in the market value of the assets under management. 

48 

Balance Sheet Comparisons 
 
 The table below contains selected year-end and average balance sheet information at and for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions): 
 SELECTED BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION YEAR-END BALANCE SHEET AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET Change Change 2021 to 2021 to 2022 2021 2022 2022 2021 2022 Total assets 2,645.6 2,418.5 9.4 2,496.1 2,421.8 3.1 Interest-earning assets (1) 2,502.0 2,331.3 7.3 2,444.3 2,324.5 5.2 Loans (2) 1,829.4 1,518.6 20.5 1,646.6 1,545.6 6.5 Investments (3) 672.6 812.6 (17.2) 797.7 778.9 2.4 Deposits 2,327.2 2,155.4 8.0 2,255.3 2,179.1 3.5 Borrowings (4) 99.1 18.2 444.5 23.2 4.4 427.3 Allowance for loan losses 19.7 21.0 (6.2) 19.5 21.1 (7.6) Shareholders equity 166.4 211.5 (21.3) 180.7 204.2 (11.5) 
 
 (1) Average interest-earning assets include securities available for sale at estimated fair value and securities held to maturity based on amortized cost, loans and loans held for sale net of deferred loan fees, interest-earning deposits, FHLBNY stock, FRBNY stock, equity investments, and federal funds sold. 
 (2) Average loans and loans held for sale, net of deferred loan fees. 
 (3) Average balances for investments include securities available for sale at estimated fair value and securities held to maturity, based on amortized cost, equity investments, FHLBNY stock, FRBNY stock, federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits. 
 (4) Average borrowings include overnight advances, and capitalized lease obligations. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents increased 28.9 million when compared to December 31, 2021, due to increases of 16.9 million in interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions, and 11.9 million in cash and due from financial institutions. 

Securities 
 
 The Corporation s Funds Management Policy includes an investment policy that in general, requires debt securities purchased for the bond portfolio to carry a minimum agency rating of "Baa." After an independent credit analysis is performed, the policy also allows the Corporation to purchase local municipal obligations that are not rated. The Corporation intends to maintain a reasonable level of securities to provide adequate liquidity and in order to have securities available to pledge to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements and other types of transactions. Fluctuations in the fair value of the Corporation s securities relate primarily to changes in interest rates. 
 Marketable securities are classified as Available for Sale, while investments in local municipal obligations are generally classified as Held to Maturity. The available for sale segment of the securities portfolio totaled 632.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 159.4 million, or 20.1 , from 792.0 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to 86.2 million in paydowns and a decrease in the fair value of the portfolio of 93.2 million due to increases in interest rates, offset by purchases of 23.7 million. The held to maturity segment of the securities portfolio consists of obligations of political subdivisions in the Corporation s market areas. These securities totaled 2.4 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.4 million or 36.0 , from 3.8 million at December 31, 2021, due primarily to maturities. 
 Non-marketable equity securities at December 31, 2022 include shares of FRBNY stock and FHLBNY stock, carried at their cost of 1.8 million and 6.4 million, respectively. The fair value of these securities is assumed to approximate their cost. The investment in these stocks is regulated by regulatory policies of the respective institutions. 
 49 

The table below sets forth the carrying amounts and maturities of held to maturity debt securities at December 31, 2022 and the weighted average yields of such securities (all yields are calculated on the basis of the amortized cost and weighted for the scheduled maturity of each security, except mortgage-backed securities which are based on the average life at the projected prepayment speed of each security) (in thousands): 
 MATURITIES AND YIELDS OF HELD TO MATURITY SECURITIES Within One Year After One, But Within Five Years After Five, But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Obligations of states and political subdivisions 759 3.95 193 3.79 N/A N/A Time deposits with other institutions 737 1.86 735 3.35 N/A N/A Total 1,496 2.92 928 3.44 N/A N/A 
 
 The weighted-average yield on the Corporation's held to maturity debt securities at December 31, 2022 was 3.92 related to obligations of states and political subdivisions, and 2.62 related to time deposits with other institutions. Management evaluates securities for OTTI on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had no OTTI charges. 

Loans 
 
 The Corporation has reporting systems to monitor: (i) loan originations and concentrations, (ii) delinquent loans, (iii) non-performing assets, including non-performing loans, troubled debt restructurings, other real estate owned, (iv) impaired loans, and (v) potential problem loans. Management reviews these systems on a regular basis. 
 
 The table below presents the Corporation s loan composition by type and percentage of total loans at the end of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 LOAN COMPOSITION Change December 31, 2021 to 2022 2021 2022 Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial 252,044 13.8 256,893 16.9 (1.9) Agricultural 249 394 (36.8) Commercial mortgages: Construction 108,243 5.9 82,204 5.4 31.7 Commercial mortgages 888,670 48.7 720,358 47.5 23.4 Residential mortgages 285,672 15.6 259,334 17.1 10.2 Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans 81,401 4.4 70,670 4.7 15.2 Indirect consumer loans 202,124 11.0 118,569 7.8 70.5 Direct consumer loans 11,045 0.6 9,827 0.6 12.4 Total 1,829,448 100.0 1,518,249 100.0 
 
 50 

Portfolio loans totaled 1.829 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.518 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 311.2 million, or 20.5 . The increase was driven by increases of 194.4 million in commercial real estate loans, or 24.2 , 83.6 million, or 70.5 in indirect automobile loans, and 26.3 million in residential mortgages, or 10.2 , offset by a decrease of 5.0 million, or 1.9 in commercial agricultural loans. The increase in total commercial real estate loans was a result of a 26.0 million increase in construction loans and a 168.3 million increase in commercial real estate loans, primarily driven by increases in loans secured by non-owner occupied and multi-family properties. The increase in indirect automobile loans was attributable to a renewed focus in the program following a pricing restructuring, as well as increased demand for automobiles coupled with elevated vehicle prices nationwide. Increases in residential mortgage loans was due to new originations being retained in the portfolio as opposed to being sold into the secondary market, and continued strong demand through the majority of the year, despite the rising interest rate environment. The decrease in commercial and agricultural loans was primarily the result of a net decrease in PPP loans of 42.5 million during the year, related to SBA forgiveness. PPP loan balances of 0.7 million remained at December 31, 2022, with 0.5 million and 0.2 million of Phase 1 and Phase 2 loans, respectively. 
 
 The table below presents the Corporation s outstanding loan balance by bank division (in thousands): 
 LOANS BY DIVISION December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Chemung Canal Trust Company 731,344 639,144 658,468 576,399 603,133 Capital Bank Division 1,098,104 879,105 877,995 732,820 708,773 Total loans 1,829,448 1,518,249 1,536,463 1,309,219 1,311,906 All loans, excluding those originated by the Capital Bank Division. Includes 79.8 million and 47.0 million in the Western New York Market as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are amounts loaned to a multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities which would cause them to be similarly impacted by changes in economic or other conditions. The Corporation s concentration policy limits consider the volume of commercial loans to any one specific industry, sponsor, collateral type and location. In addition, the Corporation s policy limits the volume of non-owner occupied commercial mortgages to four times total risk based capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans divided by total Bank risk based capital was 382.9 and 346.5 , respectively. 
 The Corporation also monitors specific NAICS industry classifications of commercial loans to identify concentrations greater than 10.0 of total loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, commercial loans to borrowers involved in the real estate, and real estate rental and leasing businesses were 48.3 and 45.1 of total loans, respectively. No other concentration of loans existed in the commercial loan portfolio in excess of 10.0 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 51 

The table below shows the maturity of loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Also provided are the amounts due by maturity, classified according to fixed interest rates and variable interest rates (in thousands): 
 LOAN AMOUNTS CONTRACTUALLY DUE AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2023 Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within 15 Years After 15 Years Total Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial 64,485 105,091 77,820 4,648 252,044 Agricultural 25 224 249 Commercial mortgages: Construction 6,113 43,215 51,180 7,735 108,243 Commercial mortgages 26,515 211,892 623,385 26,878 888,670 Residential mortgages 8,894 9,171 129,661 137,946 285,672 Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans 361 5,262 54,338 21,440 81,401 Indirect consumer loans 2,020 84,328 115,776 202,124 Direct consumer loans 372 4,163 4,489 2,021 11,045 Total 108,760 463,147 1,056,873 200,668 1,829,448 
 
 Loans maturing with: After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within 15 Years After 15 Years Total Fixed interest rates 280,677 509,202 98,150 888,029 Variable interest rates 182,470 547,671 102,518 832,659 Total 463,147 1,056,873 200,668 1,720,688 

Non-Performing Assets 
 
 Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans, non-accrual troubled debt restructurings, and other real estate owned that has been acquired in partial or full satisfaction of loan obligations or upon foreclosure. 
 Past due status on all loans is based on the contractual terms of the loan. It is generally the Corporation's policy that a loan 90 days past due be placed on non-accrual status unless factors exist that would eliminate the need to place a loan in this status. A loan may also be designated as non-accrual at any time if payment of principal or interest in full is not expected due to deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. At the time loans are placed on non-accrual status, the accrual of interest is discontinued and previously accrued interest is reversed. All payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal. Loans are considered for return to accrual status when they become current as to principal and interest and remain current for a period of six consecutive months or when, in the opinion of management, the Corporation expects to receive all of its contractual principal and interest. In the case of non-accrual loans where a portion of the loan has been charged off, the remaining balance is kept in non-accrual status until the entire principal balance has been recovered. 
 
 52 

The following table summarizes the Corporation's non-performing assets, (in thousands): 
 NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Non-accrual loans 4,143 3,469 6,011 9,938 6,305 Non-accrual troubled debt restructurings 4,035 4,645 3,941 8,070 5,949 Total non-performing loans 8,178 8,114 9,952 18,008 12,254 Other real estate owned 195 113 237 517 574 Total non-performing assets 8,373 8,227 10,189 18,525 12,828 Ratio of non-performing loans to total loans 0.45 0.54 0.65 1.38 0.93 Ratio of non-performing assets to total assets 0.32 0.34 0.45 1.04 0.73 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 240.39 259.17 210.25 130.38 154.59 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more (1) 1 4 2 7 19 Accruing troubled debt restructurings (1) 1,405 5,643 2,790 952 816 
 (1) These loans are not included in non-performing assets above. 
 
 Interest income recorded on non-accrual and troubled debt restructured loans was 56.0 thousand and 146.0 thousand, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Non-Performing Loans 
 
 Non-performing loans totaled 8.2 million at December 31, 2022, or 0.45 of total loans, compared with 8.1 million at December 31, 2021, or 0.54 of total loans. The increase in non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 was due to the additional classification of multiple commercial loans, offset by pay downs on existing non-performing loans. Non-performing assets, which are comprised of non-performing loans and other real estate owned, was 8.4 million, or 0.32 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared with 8.2 million, or 0.34 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. 
 The recorded investment of accruing loans past due 90 days or more was less than 0.1 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were no PCI loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. PCI loans are accounted for under separate accounting guidance, ASC Subtopic 310-30, Receivables - Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 The Corporation works closely with borrowers that have financial difficulties to identify viable solutions that minimize the potential for loss. In that regard, the Corporation may modify the terms of select loans to maximize their collectability. The modified loans are considered TDRs under current accounting guidance, applicable to the Corporation as of December, 31 2022. Modifications generally involve short-term deferrals of principal and/or interest payments, reductions of scheduled payment amounts, interest rates or principal of the loan, and forgiveness of accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had 4.0 million and 4.6 million of non-accrual TDRs, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 1.4 million of accruing TDRs compared with 5.6 million as of December 31, 2021. No loans were modifed as troubled debt restructurings during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 53 

Impaired Loans 
 
 A loan is classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect both the principal and interest due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The unpaid principal balance of impaired loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 7.5 million, including TDRs of 5.4 million, compared to 18.2 million at December 31, 2021, including TDRs of 10.3 million. The recorded investment of impaired loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 7.5 million compared to 11.6 million at December 31, 2021. Included in the recorded investment of impaired loans at December 31, 2022, were loans totaling 1.3 million for which impairment allowances of 1.1 million have been specifically allocated to the allowance for loan losses. The decrease in the recorded investment in impaired loans was primarily due to the sale of a large commerical real estate loan, reducing the recorded investment in impaired loans by 3.5 million. As of December 31, 2021, the impaired loan total included 5.2 million of loans for which specific impairment allowances of 3.0 million were allocated to the allowance for loan losses. 
 The majority of the Corporation's impaired loans are secured and measured for impairment based on collateral evaluations. It is the Corporation's policy to obtain updated appraisals, by independent third parties, on loans secured by real estate at the time a loan is determined to be impaired. An impairment measurement is performed based upon the most recent appraisal on file to determine the amount of any specific allocation or charge-off. In determining the amount of any specific allocation or charge-off, the Corporation will make adjustments to reflect the estimated costs to sell the property. Upon receipt and review of an updated appraisal, an additional measurement is performed to determine if any adjustments are necessary to reflect the proper provisioning or charge-off. Impaired loans are reviewed on a quarterly basis to determine if any changes in credit quality or market conditions would require any additional allocation or recognition of additional charge-offs. Real estate values in the Corporation's market area have remained stable. Non-real estate collateral may be valued using (i) an appraisal, (ii) net book value of the collateral per the borrower s financial statements, or (iii) accounts receivable aging reports, that may be adjusted based on management s knowledge of the client and the client s business. If market conditions warrant, future appraisals are obtained for both real estate and non-real estate collateral. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb probable incurred credit losses on existing loans. The allowance is established based upon management s evaluation of the probable inherent losses in the portfolio in accordance with GAAP, and is comprised of both specific valuation allowances and general valuation allowances. 
 A loan is classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect both the principal and interest due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Specific valuation allowances are established based on management s analyses of individually impaired loans. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, evaluations of the underlying collateral, expected cash flows, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. If a loan is determined to be impaired and is placed on non-accrual status, all future payments received are applied to principal and a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 
 The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current qualitative factors. Loans not impaired but classified as substandard and special mention use a historical loss factor on a rolling five-year history of net losses. For all other unclassified loans, the historical loss experience is determined by portfolio class and is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Corporation over the most recent two years. This actual loss experience is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present for each portfolio class. These qualitative factors include consideration of the following: (1) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery policies, (2) national and local economic and business conditions and developments, including the condition of various market segments, and more recently the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on the various portfolios, (3) loan profiles and volume of the portfolio, (4) the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff, (5) the volume and severity of past due, classified and watch-list loans, non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and other modifications (6) the quality of the Bank s loan review system and the degree of oversight by the Bank s Board of Directors, (7) collateral related issues: secured vs. unsecured, type, declining valuation environment and trend of other related factors, (8) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations, (9) the effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements, on the level of estimated credit losses in the Bank s current portfolio and (10) the impact of changes trends in the global economy. 
 54 

The allowance for loan losses is increased through a provision for loan losses charged to operations. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the collectability of all or a portion of the principal is unlikely. Management's evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is performed on a quarterly basis and takes into consideration such factors as the credit risk grade assigned to the loan, historical loan loss experience, and review of specific impaired loans. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Corporation's allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Corporation to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 The allowance for loan losses was 19.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 21.0 million at December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses was 240.39 of non-performing loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 259.17 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.07 at December 31, 2022 and 1.38 at December 31, 2021, respectively. The Corporation continued to monitor the loan portfolio for lagging effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic throughout 2022. Changes in governmental policies and economic pressures during the pandemic placed stress on certain industries while other industries initially anticipated to be highly impacted by the pandemic demonstrated resilience. Based upon management review of these factors, the remaining 2.4 million of the pandemic related provision was released in 2022. Overall, the Corporation released 4.3 million and utilized 0.5 million of the pandemic related provision, and no provision remains at December 31, 2022. 
 Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0.8 million compared with net recoveries of 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding was 0.05 for 2022 compared to (0.01) for 2021. The increase in net charge-offs can primarily be attributed to the 0.7 million charge off on a large commercial real estate loan. 
 
 55 

The table below summarizes the Corporation s allowance for loan losses, non-accrual loans, and ratio of net charge-offs and recoveries to average loans outstanding by loan category for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, by category (in thousands): 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND LOAN CREDIT RATIOS BY LOAN CATEGORY Balance at December 31, 2022 Allowance for loan losses Allowance to loans 1 
 Non-performing loans Non-performing loans to loans 1 
 Allowance to non-performing loans Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans Commercial and agricultural 3,373 1.34 1,946 0.77 173.33 (0.01) Commercial mortgages 11,576 1.16 3,933 0.39 294.33 0.08 Residential mortgages 1,845 0.65 986 0.35 187.12 (0.01) Consumer loans 2,865 0.97 1,313 0.45 218.20 0.07 Total 19,659 1.07 8,178 0.45 240.39 0.05 Balance at December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses Allowance to loans 1 
 Non-performing loans Non-performing loans to loans 1 
 Allowance to non-performing loans Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans Commercial and agricultural 3,591 1.40 1,932 0.75 185.87 (0.09) Commercial mortgages 13,556 1.69 3,878 0.48 349.56 0.01 Residential mortgages 1,803 0.70 1,039 0.40 173.53 0.03 Consumer loans 2,075 1.04 1,265 0.64 164.03 0.05 Total 21,025 1.38 8,114 0.54 259.17 (0.01) Consolidated Ratios at December 31, 2022 2021 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.45 0.54 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 1.07 1.38 Allowance for loan losses to total loans, net of PPP 1.08 1.43 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 240.39 259.17 1 Ratio is a percentage of loan category. 

The decrease in the allowance to non-accrual loans was primarily due to a 0.1 million increase in non-accrual loans from 2021 to 2022, without an equivalent increase in the allowance allocated to non-accrual loans. This was due to the sale of a large commercial real estate loan which carried a specifically allocated reserve of 1.5 million, resulting in the majority of non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 being carried without a specific reserve allocation. The decrease in the allowance for loan losses to outstanding loans can be attributed to the increase of 311.2. million in outstanding loans, most of which were collectively evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2022, and therefore required lower allowance allocation rates to be applied. Refer to Note 4 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this report for components used in credit ratios presented above. 
 
 56 

The table below summarizes the Corporation's loan loss experience for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except ratio data): 
 SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of year 21,025 20,924 Charge-offs: Commercial and agricultural 20 28 Commercial mortgages 687 43 Residential mortgages 17 75 Consumer loans 770 593 Total 1,494 739 Recoveries: Commercial and agricultural 42 312 Commercial mortgages 3 3 Residential mortgages 40 10 Consumer loans 597 498 Total 682 823 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 812 (84) Provision charged to operations (554) 17 Allowance for loan losses at end of year 19,659 21,025 

Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 At December 31, 2022, OREO totaled 0.2 million compared to 0.1 million at December 31, 2021. There were four properties relating to residential mortgages and one property relating to a residential home equity loan added to OREO in 2022, and four residential properties were sold from OREO during 2022. 

Deposits 
 
 The table below summarizes the Corporation s deposit composition by segment at December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the dollar and percent change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 DEPOSITS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 2022 v. 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Change Change Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 733,329 31.4 739,607 34.3 (6,278) (0.8) Interest-bearing demand deposits 271,645 11.7 284,721 13.2 (13,076) (4.6) Money market accounts 640,840 27.5 654,553 30.4 (13,713) (2.1) Savings deposits 279,029 12.0 280,195 13.0 (1,166) (0.4) Certificates of deposits 250,000 or less 272,182 11.7 141,990 6.6 130,192 91.7 Certificates of deposits greater than 250,000 31,547 1.4 27,974 1.3 3,573 12.8 One-way brokered deposits 73,452 3.2 73,452 N/A Other time deposits 25,203 1.1 26,393 1.2 (1,190) (4.5) Total 2,327,227 100.0 2,155,433 100.0 171,794 8.0 
 
 57 

Deposits totaled 2.327 billion at December 31, 2022, compared with 2.155 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 171.8 million, or 8.0 . At December 31, 2022, demand deposit and money market accounts comprised 70.7 of total deposits compared with 77.9 at December 31, 2021. 
 The growth in deposits was attributable to an increase of 206.0 million in time deposits, 73.5 million of which were one-way brokered deposits, offset by decreases of 13.7 million in money market accounts, 13.1 million in interest-bearing demand deposits, 6.3 million in non-interest bearing demand deposits, and 1.2 million in savings deposits. 
 At December 31, 2022, public funds deposits totaled 349.0 million compared to 378.9 million at December 31, 2021. The Corporation has developed a program for the retention and management of public funds deposits. These deposits are from public entities, such as school districts and municipalities. There is a seasonal component to public deposit levels associated with annual tax collections. Public funds deposits generally increase at the end of the first and third quarters. Public funds deposit accounts above the FDIC insured limit are collateralized by municipal bonds and eligible government and government agency securities such as those issued by the FHLB, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac. 
 
 The table below summarizes the Corporation s public funds deposit composition by segment (in thousands): 
 December 31, Public Funds : 
 2022 2021 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 20,274 31,739 Interest-bearing demand deposits 62,219 54,520 Insured money market accounts 255,261 278,790 Savings deposits 8,120 11,104 Time deposits 3,125 2,769 Total public funds 348,999 378,922 Total deposits 2,327,227 2,155,433 Percentage of public funds to total deposits 15.0 17.6 
 
 The aggregate amount of the Corporation's outstanding uninsured deposits was 548.0 million, or 24 , and 558.0 million, or 26 , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the Corporation's outstanding certificates of deposit in amounts greater than or equal to 250,000 was 31.5 million. The table below presents the Corporation's scheduled maturity of those certificates as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 3 months or less 2,877 Over 3 through 6 months Over 6 through 12 months 9,660 Over 12 months 19,010 31,547 
 
 The table below presents the Corporation's deposits balance by bank division (in thousands): 
 DEPOSITS BY DIVISION December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Chemung Canal Trust Company 1,892,020 1,739,826 1,686,370 1,317,225 1,328,658 Capital Bank Division 435,207 415,607 351,404 254,913 240,579 Total deposits 2,327,227 2,155,433 2,037,774 1,572,138 1,569,237 All deposits, excluding those originated by the Capital Bank Division, and including one-way brokered deposits. 
 
 58 

In addition to consumer, commercial and public deposits, other sources of funds include brokered deposits. The Regulatory Relief Act changed the definition of brokered deposits, such that subject to certain conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC's brokered-deposit regulations. This will apply to the Corporation's participation in the CDARS and ICS programs. The CDARS and ICS programs involve a network of financial institutions that exchange funds among members in order to ensure FDIC insurance coverage on customer deposits above the single institution limit. Using a sophisticated matching system, funds are exchanged on a dollar-for-dollar basis, so that the equivalent of an original deposit comes back to the originating institution. Deposits placed in the CDARS and ICS programs were 441.6 million and 288.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Corporation s deposit strategy is to fund the Bank with stable, low-cost deposits, primarily checking account deposits and other low interest-bearing deposit accounts. A checking account is the driver of a banking relationship and consumers consider the bank where they have their checking account as their primary bank. These customers will typically turn to their primary bank first when in need of other financial services. Strategies that have been developed and implemented to generate these deposits include: (i) acquire deposits by entering new markets through denovo branching, (ii) training branch employees to identify and meet client financial needs with Bank products and services, (iii) link business and consumer loans to a primary checking account at the Bank, (iv) aggressively promote direct deposit of client s payroll checks or benefit checks and (v) constantly monitor the Corporation s pricing strategies to ensure competitive products and services. The Corporation also considers brokered deposits to be an element of its deposit strategy and anticipates that it may use brokered deposits as a secondary source of funding to support asset growth. 
 
 Information regarding deposits is included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Borrowings 
 
 FHLBNY overnight advances increased 81.2 million at December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. For each year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, the average outstanding balance of borrowings that mature in one year or less did not exceed 30 of shareholders' equity. There were no FHLBNY term advances as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Information regarding FHLBNY advances is included in Note 9 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this report. There were no securities sold under agreements to repurchase as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, or 2021. 

Derivatives 
 
 The Corporation offers interest rate swap agreements to qualified commercial lending customers. These agreements allow the Corporation s customers to effectively fix the interest rate on a variable rate loan by entering into a separate agreement. Simultaneous with the execution of such an agreement with a customer, the Corporation enters into a matching interest rate swap agreement with an unrelated third party provider, which allows the Corporation to continue to receive the variable rate under the loan agreement with the customer. The agreement with the third party is not designated as a hedge contract, therefore changes in fair value are recorded through other non-interest income. Assets and liabilities associated with the agreements are recorded in other assets and other liabilities on the balance sheet. Gains and losses are recorded as other non-interest income. The Corporation is exposed to credit loss equal to the fair value of the interest rate swaps, not the notional amount of the derivatives, in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the interest rate swap agreements. Additionally, t he swap agreements are free-standing derivatives and are recorded at fair value in the Corporation's consolidated balance sheets, which typically involves a day one gain. Since the terms of the two interest rate swap agreements are identical, the income statement impact to the Corporation is limited to the day one gain and an allowance for credit loss exposure, in the event of nonperformance. The Corporation recognized 0.3 million and 0.4 million in swap income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 The Corporation also participates in the credit exposure of certain interest rate swaps in which it participates in the related commercial loan. The Corporation receives an upfront fee for participating in the credit exposure of the interest rate swap and recognizes the fee to other non-interest income immediately. The Corporation is exposed to its share of the credit loss equal to the fair value of the derivatives in the event of nonperformance by the counter-party of the interest rate swap. The Corporation determines the fair value of the credit loss exposure using historical losses of the loan category associated with the credit exposure. 
 Information regarding derivatives is included in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 59 

Shareholders Equity 
 
 Total shareholders equity was 166.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 211.5 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 45.1 million, or 21.3 . The decrease in shareholders' equity was due primarily to a 68.7 million decrease in accumulated other income (loss), offset by an increase of 23.0 million in retained earnings. The decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) can mostly be attributed to a decrease in the fair value of the securities portfolio. The increase in retained earnings was primarily due to net income of 28.8 million, offset by 5.8 million in dividends declared during the current year. Treasury stock increased 0.2 million primarily due to the Corporation's common stock repurchase program, offset by the impact of the issuance of shares related to the Corporation's employee benefit plans. Total shareholders equity to total assets ratio was 6.29 at December 31, 2022 compared with 8.74 at December 31, 2021. Tangible equity to tangible assets ratio was 5.51 at December 31, 2022, compared with 7.91 at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank is subject to the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve which establish a framework for the classification of financial institutions into five categories: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s capital ratios were in excess of those required to be considered well-capitalized under regulatory capital guidelines. A comparison of the Bank s actual capital ratios to the ratios required to be adequately or well-capitalized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, is included in Footnote 20 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information regarding current capital regulations see Part I- Business-Supervision and Regulation-Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
 Cash dividends declared during 2022 totaled 5.8 million, or 1.24 per share, compared to 5.6 million, or 1.19 per share in 2021. Dividends declared during 2022 amounted to 20.15 of net income compared to 21.02 of net income for 2021. Management seeks to continue generating sufficient capital internally, while continuing to pay dividends to the Corporation s shareholders. 
 When shares of the Corporation become available in the market, the Corporation may purchase them after careful consideration of the Corporation s liquidity and capital positions. Purchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of management. On January 8, 2021, the Corporation announced that the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program. Under the repurchase program, the Corporation may repurchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5 of its then outstanding shares. The repurchase program permits shares to be repurchased in open market or privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. As of March 10, 2023, the Corporation repurchased a total of 49,184 shares of common stock at a total cost of 2.0 million under the repurchase program at the weighted average cost of 40.42 per share. The remaining buyback authority under the share repurchase program was 200,816 shares as of the March 10, 2023. 
 On April 27, 2020, the Corporation filed with the SEC a Form S-3 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933. The Corporation's Board of Directors approved the filing with the SEC of a Shelf Registration Statement to register for sale from time to time up to 50 million of the following securities: (i) shares of common stock; (ii) unsecured debt securities, which may consist of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness; (iii) warrants; (iv) purchase contracts; (v) units consisting of any combination of the foregoing; and (vi) subscription rights to purchase shares of common stock or debt securities. The SEC declared the registration statement effective on May 7, 2020. 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management involves the ability to meet the cash flow requirements of deposit clients, borrowers, and the operating, investing and financing activities of the Corporation. The Corporation uses a variety of resources to meet its liquidity needs. These include short term investments, cash flow from lending and investing activities, core-deposit growth and non-core funding sources, such as time deposits of 250,000 or more, one-way brokered deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings. 
 The Corporation is a member of the FHLBNY, which allows it to access borrowings which enhance management's ability to satisfy future liquidity needs. Based on available collateral and current advances outstanding, the Corporation was eligible to borrow up to a total of 99.8 million and 161.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Corporation also had a total of 68.0 million of unsecured lines of credit with six different financial institutions, all of which were available at December 31, 2022. 
 60 

On March 12, 2023, the Treasury Department, Federal Reserve and FDIC jointly announced a new liquidity program, the Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP), in response to the failure of two banks earlier that week. Under the BTFP, institutions can pledge certain securities (i.e., securities eligible for purchase by the Federal Reserve Banks in open market operations) for the par value of the securities at a borrowing rate of ten basis points over the one-year overnight index swap rate. There will be no fees with the advance. Any U.S. federally insured depository institution is eligible to participate in the BTFP. The advances, which may have a term of up to one year, may be prepaid by the borrowing institution at any time (including for purposes of refinancing) without penalty. 
 The Corporation has a detailed Funds Management Policy that includes sections on liquidity measurement and management, and a Liquidity Contingency Plan that provide for the prompt and comprehensive response to unexpected demands for liquidity. This policy and plan are established and revised as needed by the management and Board ALCO committees. The ALCO is responsible for measuring liquidity, establishing liquidity targets and implementing strategies to achieve selected targets. The ALCO is responsible for coordinating activities across the Corporation to ensure that prudent levels of contingent or standby liquidity are available at all times. Based on the ongoing assessment of the liquidity considerations, management believes the Corporation s sources of funding meet anticipated funding needs. 
 
 Consolidated Cash Flows Analysis 
 
 The table below summarizes the Corporation's cash flows on a direct basis, for the years indicated (in thousands): 
 CONSOLIDATED SUMMARY OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 35,047 35,461 Net cash provided (used) by investing activities (252,620) (242,484) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 246,461 125,466 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 28,888 (81,557) 
 
 Operating activities 
 The Corporation believes cash flows from operations, available cash balances and its ability to generate cash through borrowings are sufficient to fund the Corporation s operating liquidity needs. Cash provided by operating activities in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 predominantly resulted from net income after non-cash operating adjustments. 
 
 Investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 predominantly resulted from a net increase in loans, offset by maturities, and principal collected on securities available for sale. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 predominantly resulted from purchases of securities available for sale and a net increase in loans, offset by maturities, and principal collected on securities available for sale. 
 
 Financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from an increase in certificate of deposits, one-way brokered deposits, and FHLBNY overnight advances, offset by the payment of dividends to shareholders. Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from an increase in deposits and FHLBNY overnight advances, offset by the payment of dividends to shareholders and the repurchase of treasury shares through the Corporation's common stock repurchase program. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of operations, the Corporation engages in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP are not recorded in the financial statements. The Corporation is also a party to certain financial instruments with off balance sheet risk such as commitments under standby letters of credit, unused portions of lines of credit, commitments to fund new loans, interest rate swaps, and risk participation agreements. The Corporation's policy is to record such instruments when funded. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. Such transactions are generally used by the Corporation to manage clients' requests for funding and other client needs. 
 
 61 

The table below shows the Corporation s off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 COMMITMENT MATURITY BY PERIOD Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 2028 and thereafter Standby letters of credit 17,211 15,765 384 1,032 30 Unused portions of lines of credit (1) 256,772 256,772 Commitments to fund new loans 119,509 119,509 Total 393,492 392,046 384 1,032 30 
 (1) Not included in this total are unused portions of home equity lines of credit, credit card lines and consumer overdraft protection lines of credit, since no contractual maturity dates exist for these types of loans. Commitments to outside parties under these lines of credit were 59.3 million, 5.0 million and 8.0 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. 

Capital Resources 
 The Bank is subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. As a result of the Regulatory Relief Act, the FRB amended its small bank holding company and savings and loan holding company policy statement to provide that holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion that are (i) not engaged in significant non-banking activities, (ii) do not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities, and (iii) do not have a material amount of SEC-registered debt or equity securities, other than trust preferred securities, that contribute to an organization s complexity, are not subject to regulatory capital requirements. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. Under Basel III rules, the Bank must hold a capital conservation buffer above the adequately capitalized risk-based capital ratios. The capital conservation buffer is 2.50 . Organizations that fail to maintain the minimum capital conservation buffer could face restrictions on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The net unrealized gain or loss on available for sale securities and changes in the funded status of the defined benefit pension plan and other benefit plans are not included in computing regulatory capital. 
 Pursuant to the Regulatory Relief Act, the FRB finalized a rule that established a community bank leverage ratio (tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) at 9 for institutions under 10 billion in assets that such institutions may elect to utilize in lieu of the general applicable risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Such institutions that meet the community bank leverage ratio and certain other qualifying criteria will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized. The new rule took effect on January 1, 2020. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the federal banking regulators issued final rules to set the community bank leverage ratio at 8.5 for 2021. The community bank leverage ratio requirement returned to 9.0 on January 1, 2022. The Bank has not elected to use the community bank leverage ratio. 
 Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, under capitalized, significantly under capitalized, and critically under capitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Corporation and Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject. As of December 31, 2018, the Corporation is no longer subject to FRB consolidated capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies, which are similar to those applicable to the Bank, until it reaches 3.0 billion in assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios. There have been no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank's capital category. 
 The regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were calculated under Basel III rules. There is no threshold for well-capitalized status for bank holding companies. Refer to Note 19 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this report for a table summarizing the Corporation's and the Bank's actual and required regulatory capital ratios. For more information regarding current capital regulations see Part I- Business-Supervision and Regulation-Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
 
 62 

Dividend Restrictions 
 
 The Corporation s principal source of funds for dividend payments is dividends received from the Bank. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval of regulatory agencies. Under these regulations, the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the current year s net income, combined with the retained net income of the preceding two years. At December 31, 2022, the Bank could, without prior approval, declare dividends of approximately 49.3 million. 

Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
 
 For a discussion of the impact of recently issued accounting standards, please see Note 1 to the Corporation's audited Consolidated Financial Statements which begins on page F-9. 

Explanation and Reconciliation of the Corporation s Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 The Corporation prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP; these financial statements appear on pages F-3 through F-8. That presentation provides the reader with an understanding of the Corporation s results that can be tracked consistently from year-to-year and enables a comparison of the Corporation s performance with other companies GAAP financial statements. 
 In addition to analyzing the Corporation s results on a reported basis, management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, because it believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors about the underlying operational performance and trends of the Corporation and, therefore, facilitate a comparison of the Corporation with the performance of its competitors. Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Corporation may not be comparable to similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
 The SEC has adopted Regulation G, which applies to all public disclosures, including earnings releases, made by registered companies that contain non-GAAP financial measures. Under Regulation G, companies making public disclosures containing non-GAAP financial measures must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure and a statement of the Corporation s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure as part of its financial disclosures. The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. When these exempted measures are included in public disclosures, supplemental information is not required. The following measures used in this Report, which are commonly utilized by financial institutions, have not been specifically exempted by the SEC and may constitute "non-GAAP financial measures" within the meaning of the SEC's rules, although we are unable to state with certainty that the SEC would so regard them. 
 
 Fully Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 
 Net interest income is commonly presented on a tax-equivalent basis. That is, to the extent that some component of the institution's net interest income, which is presented on a before-tax basis, is exempt from taxation (e.g., is received by the institution as a result of its holdings of state or municipal obligations), an amount equal to the tax benefit derived from that component is added to the actual before-tax net interest income total. This adjustment is considered helpful in comparing one financial institution's net interest income to that of other institutions or in analyzing any institution s net interest income trend line over time, to correct any analytical distortion that might otherwise arise from the fact that financial institutions vary widely in the proportions of their portfolios that are invested in tax-exempt securities, and that even a single institution may significantly alter over time the proportion of its own portfolio that is invested in tax-exempt obligations. Moreover, net interest income is itself a component of a second financial measure commonly used by financial institutions, net interest margin, which is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. For purposes of this measure as well, fully taxable equivalent net interest income is generally used by financial institutions, as opposed to actual net interest income, again to provide a better basis of comparison from institution to institution and to better demonstrate a single institution s performance over time. The Corporation follows these practices. 
 63 

As of or for the Years Ended (in thousands, except ratio data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 NET INTEREST MARGIN - FULLY TAXABLE EQUIVALENT Net interest income (GAAP) 74,179 65,589 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment 425 382 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income (non-GAAP) 74,604 65,971 Average interest-earning assets (GAAP) 2,444,287 2,324,498 Net interest margin - fully taxable equivalent (non-GAAP) 3.05 2.84 
 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 
 The unadjusted efficiency ratio is calculated as non-interest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and non-interest income). The adjusted efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure which represents the Corporation s ability to turn resources into revenue and is calculated as non-interest expense divided by total revenue (fully taxable equivalent net interest income and non-interest income), adjusted for one-time occurrences and amortization. This measure is meaningful to the Corporation, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Corporation s productivity measured by the amount of revenue generated for each dollar spent. 
 As of or for the Years Ended (in thousands, except ratio data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 EFFICIENCY RATIO Net interest income (GAAP) 74,179 65,589 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment 425 382 Fully taxable equivalent net interest income (non-GAAP) 74,604 65,971 Non-interest income (GAAP) 21,436 23,870 Less: net (gains) losses on security transactions Adjusted non-interest income (non-GAAP) 21,436 23,870 Non-interest expense (GAAP) 59,280 55,682 Less: amortization of intangible assets (15) (243) Adjusted non-interest expense (non-GAAP) 59,265 55,439 Efficiency ratio (unadjusted) 62.00 62.24 Efficiency ratio (adjusted) 61.71 61.71 
 
 64 

Tangible Equity and Tangible Assets (Year-End) 
 
 Tangible equity, tangible assets, and tangible book value per share are each non-GAAP financial measures. Tangible equity represents the Corporation s stockholders equity, less goodwill and intangible assets. Tangible assets represents the Corporation s total assets, less goodwill and other intangible assets. Tangible book value per share represents the Corporation s equity divided by common shares at year-end. These measures are meaningful to the Corporation, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Corporation s use of equity. 
 
 As of or for the Years Ended (in thousands, except per share and ratio data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 TANGIBLE EQUITY AND TANGIBLE ASSETS (YEAR END) Total shareholders' equity (GAAP) 166,388 211,455 Less: intangible assets (21,824) (21,839) Tangible equity (non-GAAP) 144,564 189,616 Total assets (GAAP) 2,645,553 2,418,475 Less: intangible assets (21,824) (21,839) Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 2,623,729 2,396,636 Total equity to total assets at end of year (GAAP) 6.29 8.74 Book value per share (GAAP) 35.32 45.09 Tangible equity to tangible assets at end of year (non-GAAP) 5.51 7.91 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 30.69 40.44 
 
 Tangible Equity (Average) 
 
 Average tangible equity and return on average tangible equity are each non-GAAP financial measures. Average tangible equity represents the Corporation s average stockholders equity, less average goodwill and intangible assets for the year. Return on average tangible equity measures the Corporation s earnings as a percentage of average tangible equity. These measures are meaningful to the Corporation, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Corporation s use of equity. 
 
 As of or for the Years Ended December 31, December 31, (in thousands, except ratio data) 2022 2021 TANGIBLE EQUITY (AVERAGE) Total average shareholders' equity (GAAP) 180,684 204,239 Less: average intangible assets (21,827) (21,925) Average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 158,857 182,314 Return on average equity (GAAP) 15.93 12.94 Return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 18.12 14.49 
 
 65 

Adjustments for Certain Items of Income or Expense 
 
 In addition to disclosures of certain GAAP financial measures, including net income, EPS, ROA, and ROE, we may also provide comparative disclosures that adjust these GAAP financial measures for a particular year by removing from the calculation thereof the impact of certain transactions or other material items of income or expense occurring during the year, including certain nonrecurring items. The Corporation believes that the resulting non-GAAP financial measures may improve an understanding of its results of operations by separating out any such transactions or items that may have had a disproportionate positive or negative impact on the Corporation s financial results during the particular year in question. In the Corporation s presentation of any such non-GAAP (adjusted) financial measures not specifically discussed in the preceding paragraphs, the Corporation supplies the supplemental financial information and explanations required under Regulation G. 
 As of or for the Years Ended (in thousands, except per share and ratio data) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 NON-GAAP NET INCOME Reported net income (loss) (GAAP) 28,783 26,425 Net changes in fair value of investments (net of tax) Net (gains) losses on security transactions (net of tax) Legal accruals and settlements (net of tax) Remeasurement of net deferred tax asset Net income (non-GAAP) 28,783 26,425 Average basic and diluted shares outstanding 4,693 4,683 Reported basic and diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 6.13 5.64 Reported return on average assets (GAAP) 1.15 1.09 Reported return on average equity (GAAP) 15.93 12.94 Basic and diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 6.13 5.64 Return on average assets (non-GAAP) 1.15 1.09 Return on average equity (non-GAAP) 15.93 12.94 
 66 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Management considers interest rate risk to be the most significant market risk for the Corporation. Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in the net income of the Corporation as a result of changes in interest rates. 
 The Corporation s primary earnings source is net interest income, which is affected by changes in the level of interest rates, the relationship between rates, the impact of interest rate fluctuations on asset prepayments, the level and composition of deposits and liabilities, and credit quality of interest-earning assets. 
 The Corporation s objectives in its asset and liability management are to maintain a strong, stable net interest margin, to utilize its capital effectively without taking undue risks, to maintain adequate liquidity, and to reduce vulnerability of its operations to changes in interest rates. The Corporation's ALCO has the strategic responsibility for setting the policy guidelines on acceptable exposure to interest rate risk. These guidelines contain specific measures and limits regarding the risks, which are monitored on a regular basis. The ALCO is made up of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Asset Liability Management Officer, and other officers representing key functions. 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that net interest income will fluctuate as a result of a change in interest rates. It is the assumption of interest rate risk, along with credit risk, that drives the net interest margin of a financial institution. For that reason, the ALCO has established tolerance limits based upon various basis point changes in interest rates, with appropriate floors set for interest-bearing liabilities. At December 31, 2022, it is estimated that an immediate 100-basis point decrease in interest rates would positively impact the next 12 months net interest income by 0.34 and an immediate 200-basis point increase would positively impact the next 12 months net interest income by 3.33 . Both are within the Corporation's policy guidelines. 
 A related component of interest rate risk is the expectation that the market value of the Corporation s capital account will fluctuate with changes in interest rates. This component is a direct corollary to the earnings-impact component: an institution exposed to earnings erosion is also exposed to shrinkage in market value. At December 31, 2022, it is estimated that an immediate 100-basis point decrease in interest rates would positively impact the market value of the Corporation s capital account by 2.12 . An immediate 200-basis point increase in interest rates would negatively impact the market value by 1.37 , which is within the Corporation s policy guidelines. 
 Management does recognize the need for certain hedging strategies during periods of anticipated higher fluctuations in interest rates and the Funds Management Policy provides for limited use of certain derivatives in asset liability management. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 The Corporation manages credit risk consistent with state and federal laws governing the making of loans through written policies and procedures; loan review to identify loan problems at the earliest possible time; collection procedures (continued even after a loan is charged off); an adequate allowance for loan losses; and continuing education and training to ensure lending expertise. Diversification by loan product is maintained through offering commercial loans, 1-4 family mortgages, and a full range of consumer loans. 
 The Corporation monitors its loan portfolio carefully. The Loan Committee of the Corporation's Board of Directors is designated to receive required loan reports, oversee loan policy, and approve loans above authorized individual and Senior Loan Committee lending limits. The Senior Loan Committee, consisting of the President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (non-voting member), Chief Credit and Risk Officer, Business Client Division Manager, Divisional President, and Commercial Loan Manager, implements the Board-approved loan policy. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The financial statements listed in Part IV, Item 15 are filed as part of this report and appear on pages F-1 through F-60. 

67 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Corporation's management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who is the Corporation's principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, who is the Corporation's principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer have concluded that the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We, as members of management of the Corporation, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Corporation's management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Corporation's financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Corporation's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022 management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). The objective of this assessment was to determine whether the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Based on the assessment, we assert that the Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the specified criteria. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, there have been no changes in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to material affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ Anders M. Tomson 
 /s/ Karl F. Krebs Anders M. Tomson Karl F. Krebs President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 22, 2023 March 22, 2023 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the independent required accounting firm because of an exception under SEC rules. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 68 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information responsive to this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the Corporation s 2022 fiscal year end. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information responsive to this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the Corporation s 2022 fiscal year end. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information responsive to this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the Corporation s 2022 fiscal year end. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information responsive to this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the Corporation s 2022 fiscal year end. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information responsive to this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Corporation's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the Corporation s 2022 fiscal year end. 

69 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) The following consolidated financial statements of the Corporation appear on pages F-1 through F-60 of this report and are incorporated in Part II, Item 8: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Crowe LLP Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income for the two years ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the two years ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the two years ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the two years ended December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". 
 
 (b) The following exhibits are either filed with this Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Corporation's Securities Exchange Act file number is 000-13888. 
 Exhibit 
 The following exhibits are either filed with this Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference. The Corporation s Securities Exchange Act file number is 000-13888. 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation dated December 20, 1984 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and filed with the Commission on March 13, 2008). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation, dated March 28, 1988 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and filed with the Commission on March 13, 2008). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation, dated May 13, 1998 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and filed with the Commission on March 15, 2006). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chemung Financial Corporation, as amended August 17, 2022 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Form 8-K and filed with the Commission on August 17, 2022). 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Description of Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed herewith (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020). 
 10.1 Chemung Financial Corporation 2014 Omnibus Plan and Component Plans (Chemung Financial Corporation Restricted Stock Plan, Chemung Financial Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan, Chemung Financial Corporation Directors Compensation Plan and Chemung Financial Corporation/Chemung Canal Trust Company Directors Deferred Fee Plan) (filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 to Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Commssion on January 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Change of Control Agreement dated December 19, 2018 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Anders M. Tomson, President and Chief Executive Officer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 19, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 70 

10.3 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Karl F. Krebs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Thomas W. Wirth, Executive Vice President (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Daniel D. Fariello, President of Capital Bank Division (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Loren D. Cole, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020). 10.7 Change of Control Agreement dated January 4, 2021 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Jeffrey P. Kenefick, Regional President (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Chemung Financial Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Consent Order between Chemung Canal Trust Company and the New York State Department of Financial Services dated June 24, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Chemung Canal Trust Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022). 
 10.14 Chemung Canal Trust Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan-Amendment Number One, as amended on November 16, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.0 Consent of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 19 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 19 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101.INS Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Filed herewith. 
 
 ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 71 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Pages F-1 to F-60 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm-Crowe LLP F- 1 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the two years ended December 31, 2022 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the two years ended December 31, 2022 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the two years ended December 31, 2022 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the two years ended December 31, 2022 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 9 

72 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Chemung Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Elmira, New York 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chemung Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Allowance for Loan Losses Loans Collectively Evaluated for Impairment. 
 
 As described in Note 1 and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses is the amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb probable incurred losses on existing loans. The allowance for loan losses was 19.7 million at December 31, 2022, which includes 18.5 million related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment. 
 The general valuation covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. Loans not impaired but classified as substandard and special mention use a historical loss factor on a rolling five-year history of net losses. For all other unclassified loans, the historical loss experience is determined by portfolio class and is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present for each portfolio class. These qualitative factors include considerations of the following: (1) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery policies, (2) national and local economic business conditions and developments, including the condition of various market segments, (3) loan volume, (4) the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff, (5) the volume and severity 
 F-1 

of past due, classified and watch-list loans, non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and other modifications (6) the quality of the Bank s loan review system and the degree of oversight by the Bank s Board of Directors, (7) collateral related issues: secured vs. unsecured, type, declining valuation environment and trend of other related factors (8) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations, (9) the effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements, on the level of estimated credit losses in the Bank s current portfolio and (10) the impact of the global economy. 
 We identified the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant auditor judgment involved in evaluating management s significant judgment applied in determining the subjective assumptions relating to: 1) the classification of loans subject to an adjusted loss history, and 2) the determination of the qualitative factors on the allowance for loan losses. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 a. Testing the effectiveness of controls over the evaluation of the allowance related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment, including addressing: 
 i. Grading of loans from independent loan review and management s annual credit reviews. 
 ii. Management s judgments and assumptions related to the qualitative assessment and the resulting allocation to the allowance, including the data used in the determination of qualitative factors. 
 
 a. Substantively testing management s process, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions, for developing the allowance related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment, which included: 
 i. Evaluation of loan grades of the commercial portfolio to ensure proper inclusion in pass categories or criticized and classified categories. 
 ii. Evaluation of the data used as a basis for the adjustments relating to the qualitative factors. 
 iii. Evaluation of the reasonableness of management s judgments and assumptions related to the qualitative assessment and the resulting allocation to the allowance 

) 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 F-2 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from financial institutions Interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Equity investments, at fair value Securities available for sale, at estimated fair value Securities held to maturity, estimated fair value of at 
 December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 FHLBNY and FRBNY Stock, at cost Loans, net of deferred loan fees Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Loans held for sale Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Bank owned life insurance Interest rate swap assets Accrued interest and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits FHLBNY overnight advances Capital lease obligation Operating lease liabilities Dividends payable Interest rate swap liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; 
 issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Additional-paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost shares at December 31, 2022; 
 shares at December 31, 2021) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 Interest and Dividend Income: Loans, including fees Taxable securities Tax exempt securities Interest-earning deposits Total interest and dividend income Interest Expense: Deposits Borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Non-Interest Income: Wealth management group fee income Service charges on deposit accounts Interchange revenue from debit card transactions Change in fair value of equity investments ) Net gain on sales of loans held for sale Net gains (losses) on sales of other real estate owned ) Income from bank owned life insurance Other Total non-interest income Non-Interest Expenses: Salaries and wages Pension and other employee benefits Other components of net periodic pension cost (benefit) ) ) Net occupancy expenses Furniture and equipment expenses Data processing expense Professional services Amortization of intangible assets Marketing and advertising expense Other real estate owned expenses ) FDIC insurance Loan expense Other Total non-interest expenses Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) Basic and diluted earnings per share 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized holding (losses) on securities available for sale ) ) Reclassification adjustment gains realized in net income Net unrealized (losses) ) ) Tax effect Net of tax amount ) ) Change in funded status of defined benefit pension plan and other benefit plans: Net gain arising during the period Reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service benefit ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of net actuarial losses Total before tax effect Tax effect ) ) Net of tax amount Total other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Restricted stock awards Distribution of shares of treasury stock granted for directors deferred compensation plan 
 ) Distribution of shares of treasury stock granted for employee restricted stock awards, net 
 ) Restricted stock units for directors' deferred compensation plan Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Distribution of shares of treasury stock for directors' compensation 
 Distribution of shares of treasury stock for employee compensation 
 Sale of shares of treasury stock (a) 
 Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock awards Distribution of shares of treasury stock granted for employee restricted stock awards, net 
 ) Restricted stock units for directors' deferred compensation plan Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Distribution of shares of treasury stock for directors' compensation 
 Sale of shares of treasury stock (a) 
 Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Forfeiture of shares of restricted stock awards 
 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (a) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 2022 2021 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of intangible assets Deferred income tax (benefit) expense Provision for loan losses ) Loss on disposal of fixed assets Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets Amortization of premiums on securities, net Gains on sales of loans held for sale, net ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Loans originated and held for sale ) ) Net (gains) losses on sale of other real estate owned ) Net change in fair value of equity investments ) Proceeds from sales of trading assets Purchase of equity investments ) ) Net (gains) losses on interest rate swaps ) ) (Increase) in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) Expense related to restricted stock units for directors' deferred compensation plan Expense related to employee stock compensation Expense related to employee restricted stock awards Payments on operating leases ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities Income from bank owned life insurance ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from maturities, calls, and principal paydowns on securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and principal collected on securities held to maturity Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) Purchases of securities held to maturity ) ) Purchase of FHLBNY and FRBNY stock ) ) Redemption of FHLBNY and FRBNY stock Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Net (increase) decrease in loans ) Net cash (used by) provided by investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net increase (decrease) in demand deposits, interest-bearing demand accounts, savings accounts, and insured money market accounts ) Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) Net change in FHLBNY overnight advances Principal payments made on capital lease ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Sale of treasury stock Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 F-7 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income Taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity: Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Dividends declared, not yet paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 (1) 

F-9 

days delinquent. Loans may also be placed on non-accrual status if management believes such classification is otherwise warranted. All payments received on non-accrual loans are applied to principal. Loans are returned to accrual status when they become current as to principal and interest and remain current for a period of six consecutive months or when, in the opinion of management, the Corporation expects to receive all of its original principal and interest. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan as an adjustment to yield, using the interest method. 
 
 of payment performance in accordance with the restructured terms and when, in the opinion of management, the Bank expects to receive all of its contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms. 
 TDRs are individually evaluated for impairment and included in the separately identified impairment disclosures. TDRs are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan's effective rate at inception. If a TDR is considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported, net, at the fair value of the collateral. For TDRs that subsequently default, the Bank determines the amount of the allowance on that loan in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses on loans individually identified as impaired. The Bank incorporates recent historical experience related to TDRs, including the performance of TDRs that subsequently default, into the calculation of the allowance by loan portfolio segment. 
 F-10 

history of net losses. For all other unclassified loans, the historical loss experience is determined by portfolio class and is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Bank over the most recent . This actual loss experience is supplemented with other qualitative factors based on the risks present for each portfolio class. These qualitative factors include consideration of the following: (1) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery policies, (2) national and local economic and business conditions and developments, including the condition of various market segments, (3) loan profiles and volume of the portfolio, (4) the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff, (5) the volume and severity of past due, classified and watch-list loans, non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and other modifications (6) the quality of the Bank s loan review system and the degree of oversight by the Bank s Board of Directors, (7) collateral related issues: secured vs. unsecured, type, declining valuation environment and trend of other related factors, (8) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations, (9) the effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements, on the level of estimated credit losses in the Bank s current portfolio and (10) the impact of the global economy. 
 The allowance for loan losses is increased through a provision for loan losses charged to operations. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the collectability of all or a portion of the principal is unlikely. Management's evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is performed on a periodic basis and takes into consideration such factors as the credit risk grade assigned to the loan, historical loan loss experience and review of specific impaired loans. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. 

F-11 

to years for buildings and from to years for equipment and furniture. Amortization of leasehold improvements and leased equipment is recognized on the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated life of the asset. Leases of branch offices, which have been capitalized, are included within buildings and depreciated on the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated life of the asset. 

F-12 

The unaudited market value of trust assets under administration total billion, including million of assets held under management or administration for the Corporation, at December 31, 2022 and billion, including million of assets held under management or administration for the Corporation, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 of final average compensation (highest consecutive of annual compensation in the prior times years of service (up to a maximum of years), plus of average monthly compensation for each additional year of service (up to a maximum of years), plus of average monthly compensation in excess of covered compensation for each year of credited service up to years. Covered compensation is the average of the social security taxable wage base in effect for the year period prior to normal social security retirement age. See Note 13 for further details. 
 On October 20, 2016, the Corporation amended its noncontributory defined benefit pension plan pension plan to freeze future retirement benefits after December 31, 2016. Beginning on January 1, 2017, both the pay-based and service-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits in the pension plan were frozen so that participants will no longer earn further retirement benefits. During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Corporation offered terminated, vested employees the option to receive lump sum settlement payments. 
 
 Defined Contribution Profit Sharing, Savings and Investment Plan: 
 
 The Corporation also sponsors a 401(K) defined contribution profit sharing, savings and investment plan which covers all eligible employees. The Corporation contributes a non-discretionary of gross annual wages (as defined by the 401(k) plan) for each participant, regardless of the participant s deferral, in addition to a match up to of gross annual wages. All contributions made on or after January 1, 2017 will vest immediately. The plan's assets consist of Chemung Financial Corporation common stock, as well as other common and preferred stocks, U.S. Government securities, corporate bonds and notes, and mutual funds. The plan s expense is the amount of non-discretionary and matching contributions and is charged to non-interest expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 F-13 

or older were eligible for coverage under the Corporation's self-insured health care plan, contributing of the cost of the coverage. Under the amended plan, coverage for Medicare eligible retirees who reside in the Central New York geographic area is provided under a group sponsored plan with Excellus BlueCross BlueShield called Medicare Blue PPO, with the retiree paying of the premium. Excellus BlueCross BlueShield assumes full liability for the payment of health care benefits incurred after July 1, 2006. Current Medicare eligible retirees who reside outside of the Central New York geographic area were eligible for coverage under the Corporation's self-insured plan through December 31, 2009, contributing of the cost of coverage. Effective January 1, 2010, these out of area retirees were eligible for coverage under a Medicare Supplement Plan C administered by Excellus BlueCross BlueShield, contributing of the premium. Current retirees between the ages of and , will continue to be eligible for coverage under the Corporation's self-insured plan, contributing of the cost of the coverage. Employees who retired after July 1, 2006, and become Medicare eligible will only have access to the Medicare Blue PPO plan. Additionally, effective July 1, 2006, dental benefits were eliminated for all retirees. The cost of the plan is based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits for employees, and is charged to non-interest expenses in the consolidated statements of income. See Note 13 for further details.On October 20, 2016, the Corporation amended its defined benefit health care plan to not allow any new retirees into the plan, effective January 1, 2017. 
 
 Executive Supplemental Pension Plan: 
 
 U.S. laws place limitations on compensation amounts that may be included under the Pension Plan. The Executive Supplemental Pension Plan was provided to executives in order to produce total retirement benefits, as a percentage of compensation that is comparable to employees whose compensation is not restricted by the annual compensation limit. Pension amounts, which exceed the applicable Internal Revenue Service code limitations, will be paid under the Executive Supplemental Pension Plan. 
 The Executive Supplemental Pension Plan is a non-qualified plan under the Internal Revenue Service Code. Contributions to the Plan are not held in trust; therefore, they may be subject to the claims of creditors in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency. When payments come due under the Plan, cash is distributed from general assets. The cost of the plan is based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits for executives, and is charged to non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan: 
 
 The Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is provided to certain executives to motivate and retain key management employees by providing a nonqualified retirement benefit that is payable at retirement, disability, death and certain other events. 
 The Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The plan s expense is the Corporation s annual contribution plus interest credits. 
 
 F-14 

, upon which time the 2021 Plan will be amended, presented and approved by the Corporation's shareholders to include additional shares of the Corporation's common stock. Awards under the 2021 Plans may be vested no earlier than the first anniversary of the date on which the award is granted. Compensation expense for shares granted will be recognized over the vesting period of the award based upon average closing price of the Corporation's stock for each of the prior trading days ending on the grant date. 
 A Directors Deferred Fee Plan, an addendum to the 2021 Plan, for non-employee directors of the Corporation or the Bank, provides that directors may elect to defer receipt of all or any part of their fees. Deferrals are either credited with interest compounded quarterly at the Applicable Federal Rate for short-term debt instruments or converted to units, which appreciate or depreciate, as would an actual share of the Corporation s common stock purchased on the deferral date. Cash deferrals will be paid into an interest bearing account and paid in cash. Units will be paid in shares of common stock. All directors fees are charged to non-interest expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Please see Note 14 for further details. 
 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan: 
 
 The Deferred Compensation Plan allows a select group of management and employees to defer all or a portion of their annual compensation to a future date. Eligible employees are generally highly compensated employees and are designated by the Board of Directors from time to time. Investments in the plan are recorded as equity investments and deferred amounts are an unfunded liability of the Corporation. The plan requires deferral elections be made before the beginning of the calendar year during which the participant will perform the services to which the compensation relates. Participants in the Plan are required to elect a form of distribution, either lump sum payment or annual installments not to exceed , and a time of distribution, either a specified age or a specified date. The terms and conditions for the deferral of compensation are subject to the provisions of 409A of the IRS Code. The income from investments is recorded in dividend income and non-interest income in the consolidated statements of income. The cost of the plan is recorded in non-interest expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 

F-15 

lines of business, banking and wealth management services. 
 
 F-16 

million, or million, after tax, when compared to the amount being carried on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. The Corporation expects the impact of the creation of an allowance for unfunded commitments to be an increase of up to an additional million, or million, after tax, and adjustment related to the securities portfolio. The Corporation is in the finalizing the assumptions built into its model, as well as the related internal controls thereon. 
 This increase encompasses loans that the Corporation currently evaluates for impairment on an individual basis, loans evaluated collectively by pooled segment, and unfunded commitments made by the Corporation not currently carried on the balance sheet. Based on the composition and quality of the Corporation s debt securities portfolio, management has determined there to be a zero loss estimate on securities that are backed by U.S. governmental agencies. 

F-17 

For further discussion of the Corporation's liquidity practices, see pages 60-62 of this Form 10-K. 

F-18 

(2) 
 
 percent, effective March 26, 2020. Therefore, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no reserve requirements with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 The Corporation maintains a pre-funded settlement account with a financial institution in the amount of million for electronic funds transaction settlement purposes at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 collateral was held at the financial institution as of December 31, 2022, and million collateral was held at the financial institution as of December 31, 2021. 

(3) 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities, residential Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total 
 
 Gross unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses U.S. treasury notes and bonds Mortgage-backed securities, residential Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total 
 
 F-19 

After one, but within five years After five, but within ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed securities, residential SBA loan pools Total 
 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities above because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 There were proceeds from sales and calls of securities resulting in gains or losses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Time deposits with other financial institutions 

Gross unrealized gains and losses on securities held to maturity at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Time deposits with other financial institutions Total 
 
 There were sales of securities held to maturity in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 After one, but within five years Total 
 
 F-20 

Mortgage-backed securities, residential Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total temporarily impaired securities 
 
 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses 2021 U.S. treasury notes and bonds Mortgage-backed securities, residential Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total temporarily impaired securities 
 
 Other-Than-Temporary-Impairment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the majority of the Corporation s unrealized losses in the investment securities portfolio related to mortgage-backed securities. At December 31, 2022, the unrealized losses related to mortgage-backed were securities issued by U.S. government sponsored entities, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Corporation does not have the intent to sell these securities and it is not likely that it will be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery, the Corporation does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Pledged Securities 
 
 The fair value of securities pledged to secure public funds on deposit or for other purposes as required by law was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Concentrations 
 
 There are no securities of a single issuer (other than securities of U.S. Government sponsored enterprises) that exceed 10 of shareholders' equity at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 
 Prior to December 31, 2022, the Corporation had an equity investment in Cephas Capital Partners, L.P. This small business investment company was established to provide financing to small businesses in market areas served by the Corporation, including minority-owned small businesses and those that are anticipated to create jobs for the low to moderate income levels in the targeted areas. During 2022, the Corporation received its final distribution. As of December 31, 2021, this investment totaled million, was included in other assets, and was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 F-21 

(4) 
 Agricultural Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total loans, net of deferred loan fees Interest receivable on loans Total recorded investment in loans 
 
 The Corporation had residential mortgages held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, which are not included in the above table. 
 Residential mortgages totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 were pledged under a blanket collateral agreement for the Corporation's line of credit with the FHLBNY. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had outstanding PPP loan balances of million, which are included in commercial and industrial loans in the table above. These loans require allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 since they are government guaranteed loans. 
 Charge Offs: ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries: Net (charge offs) recoveries ) ) ) Provision ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses Commercial, and Agricultural Commercial Mortgages Residential Mortgages Consumer Loans Total Beginning balance: Charge Offs: ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries: Net recoveries (charge offs) ) ) ) Provision ) ) ) Ending balance 
 F-22 

Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending allowance balance 

December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses Commercial and Agricultural Commercial Mortgages Residential Mortgages Consumer Loans Total Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending allowance balance 

December 31, 2022 Loans: Commercial and Agricultural Commercial Mortgages Residential Mortgages Consumer Loans Total Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending loans balance 

December 31, 2021 Loans: Commercial and Agricultural Commercial Mortgages Residential Mortgages Consumer Loans Total Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Total ending loans balance 
 
 F-23 

Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans With an allowance recorded: Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial Commercial mortgages: Commercial mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized (1) Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized (1) With no related allowance recorded: Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines loans With an allowance recorded: Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial Commercial mortgages: Commercial mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Total 
 (1) Cash basis interest income approximates interest income recognized. 
 
 F-24 

Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total 
 
 F-25 

Agricultural Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total 

December 31, 2021 30 - 59 Days Past Due 60 - 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Loans Not Past Due Total Commercial and agricultural: Commercial and industrial Agricultural Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans: Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total 
 
 F-26 

million and million, respectively. There were specific reserves of million allocated for TDRs at December 31, 2022 and million allocated at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, TDRs totaling million were accruing interest under the modified terms and million were on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2021, TDRs totaling million were accruing interest under the modified terms and million were on non-accrual status. The Corporation has committed additional amounts to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no loans that were modified as TDRs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the terms and conditions of commercial and industrial loans and commercial mortgage loans were modified as TDRs. The modification of the terms of all of these loans included a postponement or reduction of the scheduled amortized payments for greater than a three month period. 
 
 Commercial mortgages: Commercial mortgages Total 
 
 The TDRs described above increased the allowance for loan losses by million and resulted in in charge offs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 A loan is considered to be in payment default once it is days contractually past due under the modified terms. 
 There were payment defaults on any loans previously modified as troubled debt restructurings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, within twelve months following the modification. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 The Corporation establishes a risk rating at origination for all commercial loans. The main factors considered in assigning risk ratings include, but are not limited to: historic and future debt service coverage, collateral position, operating performance, liquidity, leverage, payment history, management ability, and the customer s industry. Commercial relationship managers monitor all loans in their respective portfolios for any changes in the borrower s ability to service their debt and affirm the risk ratings for the loans at least annually. 
 For the retail loans, which include residential mortgages, indirect and direct consumer loans, home equity lines and loans, and credit cards, once a loan is properly approved and closed, the Corporation evaluates credit quality based upon loan repayment. Retail loans are not rated until they become days past due. 
 F-27 

Agricultural Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total 
 
 F-28 

Agricultural Commercial mortgages: Construction Commercial mortgages Residential mortgages Consumer loans Home equity lines and loans Indirect consumer loans Direct consumer loans Total 
 
 The Corporation considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the allowance for loan losses. For residential and consumer loan classes, the Corporation also evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by payment activity. Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans and non-accrual troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 Non-Performing Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 Consumer Loans Residential Mortgages Home Equity Lines and Loans Indirect Consumer Loans Other Direct Consumer Loans Performing Non-Performing Total 

F-29 

(5) 
 
 Buildings Projects in progress Equipment and furniture Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net book value 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Capital Leases 
 
 The Corporation leases certain buildings under capital leases. The lease arrangements require monthly payments through 2036. 
 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net book value 
 F-30 

(6) 
 
 years with a weighted average discount rate of . Rent expense was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain leases provide for increases in future minimum annual rent payments as defined in the lease agreements. The Corporation s operating lease agreements contain both lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. The Corporation s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees. The Corporation's operating lease obligation increased million as of December 31, 2021 due to modification agreements, the addition of a new location in Clarence, New York, and the relocation of an existing branch location in Bath, New York. 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Less: lease termination ) Add: new lease agreement and modifications Operating lease right-of-use-assets, net 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had operating leases that were signed, but had not yet commenced. 

Finance Leases 
 
 The Corporation leases certain buildings under finance leases. The lease arrangements require monthly payments through 2036. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term was years years with a weighted average discount rate of . The Corporation has included these leases in premises and equipment as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-31 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had finance leases that were signed, but had not yet commenced. 

(7) 
 
 Acquired goodwill End of year 
 
 Other customer relationship intangibles Total 
 
 Aggregate amortization expense was thousand and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. There is no remaining estimated aggregate amortization expense at December 31, 2022. 

F-32 

(8) 
 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits Money market accounts Savings deposits Certificates of deposits 250,000 or less Certificates of deposits greater than 250,000 One-way brokered deposits 1 
 Other time deposits 2 
 Total __________________________________________________________ 
 1 Brokered deposits which are individually 250,000 and under. 
 2 Includes Individual Retirement Accounts and Christmas Club Accounts. 
 
 Total customer deposits include reciprocal balances from checking, money market deposits and CDs received from participating banks in nationwide deposit networks as a result of our customers electing to participate in Corporate offered ICS/CDARS programs allowing enhanced FDIC insurance protection. In general, the equivalent of the customers' original deposited funds comes back to the Corporation and are carried within the time deposits category. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 __________________________________________________ 
 
 1 million of 2023 maturities represent brokered deposits. 

Time deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC Insurance limit of 250 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

F-33 

(9) 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Corporation held no fixed rate term advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

January 3, 2023 January 3, 2022 

The Bank has pledged million and million of first mortgage loans under a blanket lien arrangement at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as collateral for future borrowings. Based on this collateral and additional securities held, the Bank's unused borrowing capacity at the FHLBNY was million at December 31, 2022. 

(10) 

Other Interchange revenue from debit card transactions WMG fee income CFS fee and commission income Net gains (losses) on sales of OREO Net gains on sales of loans (a) 
 Loan servicing fees (a) 
 Change in fair value of equity securities (a) 
 ) ) Income from bank-owned life insurance (a) 
 Other (a) 
 ) Total non-interest income 
 (a) Not within scope of ASC 606. 
 (b) The Holding Company, CFS, and CRM column above includes amounts to eliminate transactions between segments. 
 
 F-34 

Other Interchange revenue from debit card transactions WMG fee income CFS fee and commission income Net gains (losses) on sales of OREO ) ) Net gains on sales of loans (a) 
 Loan servicing fees (a) 
 Change in fair value of equity securities (a) 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance (a) 
 Other (a) 
 ) Total non-interest income 
 (a) Not within scope of ASC 606. 
 (b) The Holding Company, CFS, and CRM column above includes amounts to eliminate transactions between segments. 
 
 A description of the Corporation's revenue streams accounted for under ASC 606 follows: 
 
 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts: The Corporation earns fees from its deposit customers for transaction-based, account maintenance, and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees, which included services such as ATM use fees, stop payment charges, statement rendering, and ACH fees, are recognized at the time the transaction is executed as that is the point in time the Corporation fulfills the customer's request. Account maintenance fees, which relate primarily to monthly maintenance, are recognized at the time the maintenance occurs. Overdraft fees are recognized at the point in time that the overdraft occurs. Service charges on deposits are withdrawn from the customer's account balance. 
 Interchange Income from Debit Card Transactions: The Corporation earns interchange fees from debit cardholder transactions conducted through the Mastercard payment network. Interchange fees from cardholder transactions represent a percentage of the underlying transaction value and are recognized daily, concurrently with the transaction processing services provided to cardholder. 
 WMG Fee Income (Gross): The Corporation earns wealth management fees from its contracts with trust customers to manage assets for investment, and/or to conduct transactions on their accounts. These fees are primarily earned over time as the Corporation provides the contracted monthly or quarterly services and are generally assessed based on a tiered scale of the market value of assets under management (AUM) at quarter-end. 
 CFS Fee and Commission Income (Net): The Corporation earns fees from investment brokerage services provided to its customers by a third-party service provider. The Corporation receives commissions from the third-party service provider on a monthly basis based upon customer activity for the month. The Corporation (i) acts as an agent in arranging the relationship between the customer and the third-party service provider and (ii) does not control the services rendered to the customers. Investment brokerage fees are presented net of related costs. The Corporation also earns fees from tax services provided to its customers. 

F-35 

(11) 
 
 million. Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments included back-to-back interest rate swaps of million, consisting of million of interest rate swaps with commercial borrowers and an additional million of offsetting interest rate swaps with third-party counter-parties on substantially the same terms, and risk participation agreements with dealer banks of million. Free-standing derivatives are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are therefore recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in other non-interest income. 
 
 ) Interest rate swap agreements with third-party counter-parties Risk participation agreements Total 
 
 2021 Number of Instruments Notional Amount Weighted Average Maturity (in years) Weighted Average Interest Rate Received Weighted Average Contract Pay Rate Fair Value Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swap agreements on loans with commercial loan customers ) Interest rate swap agreements with third-party counter-parties Risk participation agreements ) ) 
 
 There was off-balance sheet exposure for the risk participation agreements as of December 31, 2022, and million for December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-36 

Interest rate swap agreements with third-party counter-parties: Unrealized gain recognized in non-interest income ) Risk participation agreements: Unrealized gain (loss) recognized in non-interest income Unrealized gain (loss) recognized in non-interest income 

12) 
 
 State Total current Deferred expense/(benefit): Federal State Total deferred Income tax expense 
 
 Tax computed at statutory rate Increase (reduction) resulting from: Tax-exempt income ) ) 831(b) premium adjustment ) ) Dividend exclusion ) ) State taxes, net of Federal impact Nondeductible interest expense Other items, net Income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 The higher tax expense in 2022 when compared to 2021 can be attributed to an increase in pretax income. 
 F-37 

Depreciation Deferred compensation and directors' fees Operating lease liabilities Purchase accounting adjustment fixed assets Net unrealized losses on securities available for sale Defined benefit pension and other benefit plans Nonaccrued interest Accrued expense Other items, net Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred loan fees and costs Prepaid pension Discount accretion Core deposit intangible REIT dividend Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrual for employee benefit plans Other Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. A valuation allowance is recognized when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considers the scheduled reversal of the deferred tax assets, the level of historical taxable income and projected future taxable income over the periods in which the temporary differences comprising the deferred tax assets will be deductible. Based on its assessment, management determined that no valuation allowance is necessary. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation did t have any unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Corporation accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for Federal and State income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation did t accrue any interest or penalties related to its uncertain tax positions. 
 The Corporation is not currently subject to examinations by Federal taxing authorities for the years prior to 2019 and for New York State taxing authorities for the year prior to 2019. New York State taxing authorities recently completed audits of the Corporation for the years 2018, 2019, and 2020. There were no adjustments as a result of the New York State audits. 
 
 F-38 

(13) 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Curtailments Settlements Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Settlements Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status 
 
 Prior service cost Total before tax effects 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Actuarial losses in the Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) in 2022 were primarily the result of the increase in discount rate. The increase in discount rate caused the PBO to decrease by million. The update in mortality table caused the PBO to increase by million. Other sources of gain/loss such as plan experience, updated census data and minor adjustments to actuarial assumptions generated a combined loss of less than of expected year end obligations. 
 
 F-39 

Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Weighted-average interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net loss Amortization of prior service cost Recognized (gain) loss due to settlements Net periodic cost (benefit) ) ) 
 
 ) Recognized loss ) Amortization of prior service cost Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (before tax effect) ) Total recognized in net (benefit) cost and other comprehensive income (loss) (before tax effect) ) ) 
 
 During 2022, the plan's total unrecognized net loss increased by million. The variance between the actual and expected return on plan assets during 2022 increased the total unrecognized net loss by million. Because the total unrecognized net gain or loss in the plan exceeds of the projected benefit obligation or of the plan assets, the excess will be amortized over the average future working lifetime of the plan participants. As of January 1, 2022, the average expected future working lifetime active plan participants was years. Actual results for 2023 will depend on the 2023 actuarial valuation of the plan. 
 
 Expected return on assets Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Weighted-average interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 The Corporation changes important assumptions whenever changing conditions warrant. At December 31, 2022 the Corporation used IRS Static 2023 Mortality Table with Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2021 as a basis for the Plan's valuation. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation used IRS Static 2022 Mortality Table with Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2020 as a basis for the Plan's valuation. The discount rate is evaluated at least annually and the expected long-term return on plan assets will typically be revised every three to , or as conditions warrant. 
 F-40 

- 
 Mid-cap domestic equities - 
 Small-cap domestic equities - 
 International equities - 
 Intermediate fixed income - 
 Alternative assets - 
 Cash - 
 Total 
 
 The investment policy of the plan is to provide for long-term growth of principal and income without undue exposure to risk. The focus is on long-term capital appreciation and income generation. The Corporation maintains an IPS that guides the investment allocation in the plan. The IPS describes the target asset allocation positions as shown in the table above. 
 The Corporation has appointed an Employee Pension and Profit Sharing Committee to manage the general philosophy, objectives and process of the plan. The Employee Pension and Profit Sharing Committee meets with the Investment Manager periodically to review the plan's performance and to ensure that the current investment allocation is within the guidelines set forth in the IPS. Only the Employee Pension and Profit Sharing Committee, in consultation with the Investment Manager, can make adjustments to maintain target ranges and for any permanent changes to the IPS. Quarterly, the Board of Directors' Trust and Employee Benefits Committee reviews the performance of the plan with the Investment Manager. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation's pension plan did not hold any direct investment in the Corporation's common stock. 
 The Corporation used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument held by the pension plan: 
 Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy described below requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3). 
 Discounted cash flows are calculated using spread and optionality. During times when trading is more liquid, broker quotes are used (if available) to validate the model. Rating agency and industry research reports as well as defaults and deferrals on individual securities are reviewed and incorporated into the calculations. 
 
 F-41 

Equity securities: U.S. companies Mutual funds Debt securities: U.S. Treasuries/Government bonds U.S. Corporate bonds Total plan assets 
 
 Fair Value Measurement atDecember 31, 2021 Using Plan Assets Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Cash Equity securities: U.S. companies Mutual funds Debt securities: U.S. Treasuries/Government bonds U.S. Corporate bonds Total plan assets 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 F-42 

hours of service requirement to participate in employer contributions. Beginning on January 1, 2017, the Bank began contributing a non-discretionary of gross annual wages for each participant, regardless of the participant s deferral, and eliminated discretionary contributions for participants hired prior to July 1, 2010. Additionally, beginning January 1, 2017 the Bank began contributing a match up to of gross annual wages. 
 Expense related to both plans totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The plan's assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include and shares, respectively, of Chemung Financial Corporation common stock, as well as other common and preferred stocks, U.S. Government securities, corporate bonds and notes, and mutual funds. 
 
 Defined Benefit Health Care Plan 
 
 On October 20, 2016, the Corporation amended its defined benefit health care plan to not allow any new retirees into the plan, effective January 1, 2017. The effects of this freeze are reflected in the defined benefit health care plan disclosures as of December 31, 2017. 
 The Corporation uses a December 31 measurement date for its defined benefit health care plan. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Amendments Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at end of year 
 Employer contribution Plan participants contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Unfunded status ) ) 
 
 F-43 

Prior service credit Total before tax effects 

Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Health care cost trend: Initial (Pre-65/Post 65) / 
 / 
 Health care cost trend: Ultimate (Pre-65/Post 65) / 
 / 
 Year ultimate cost trend reached 2032 / 2030 2027 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service benefit ) Recognized actuarial loss Recognized prior service benefit due to curtailments Net periodic postretirement cost (benefit) ) ) Recognized actuarial loss ) ) Prior service credit Amortization of prior service benefit Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)(before tax effect) ) Total recognized in net benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) (before tax effect) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial gain for 2022 is primarily the net impact of an increase in discount rate, which decreased the Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO) by thousand, the updating of health care trend rates (HCTR), which increased the APBO by thousand, and claims and data experience, which (combined) decreased the APBO by thousand. During 2022 the plan's total unrecognized net loss decreased by thousand. Because the total unrecognized net gain or loss in the plan exceeds of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, the excess will be amortized over the average future life expectancy of all plan participants. As of January 1, 2022, the average future life expectancy of all plan participants was years. Previous to the plan freeze as of December 31, 2016, the amortization period was based upon average future working lifetime of active employees. Actual results for 2023 will depend on the 2023 actuarial valuation of the plan. 
 The change in unrecognized gain/loss is one measure of the degree to which important assumptions have coincided with actual experience. During 2022, the unrecognized net loss decreased by of the December 31, 2021 accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. The Corporation changes important assumptions whenever changing conditions warrant. The discount rate and per capita costs are typically changed at least annually. Other material assumptions include rates of participant mortality and rates of increase in medical costs. 
 F-44 

Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Health care cost trend: Initial / 
 / 
 Health care cost tread: Ultimate / 
 / 
 Year ultimate reached 2027 2026 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 The Corporation s policy is to contribute the amount required to fund postretirement benefits as they become due to retirees. The amount expected to be required in contributions to the plan during 2023 is thousand. 
 
 Executive Supplemental Pension Plan 
 
 The Corporation also sponsors an Executive Supplemental Pension Plan for certain former executive officers to restore certain pension benefits that may be reduced due to limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. The benefits under this plan are unfunded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Corporation uses a December 31 measurement date for its Executive Supplemental Pension Plan. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Unfunded status ) ) 
 
 F-45 

Prior service cost Total before tax effects 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Weighted-average assumption for disclosure as of December 31: 2022 2021 Discount rate Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Weighted-average interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 Interest cost Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic postretirement benefit cost Recognized actuarial loss ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) (before tax effect) ) ) Total recognized in net benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) (before tax effect) ) 
 
 During 2022, there was a thousand decrease in the projected benefit obligation as a result of the increase in discount rate. Offsetting this was a mortality increase of thousand, due to the update in the mortality assumption. There was also a thousand increase in PBO due to participant mortality (longevity) experience. There were no other significant sources of gain or loss during 2022. 
 During 2022, the plan's total unrecognized net loss decreased by thousand. Because the total unrecognized net gain or loss exceeds the greater of of the projected benefit obligation or of the plan assets, the excess will be amortized over the average future life expectancy of all participants. Previously, the excess had been amortized over the average future working lifetime of active participants, however, there are no longer any active participants in the plan as of January 1, 2017, so the amortization period was changed to be the average future life expectancy of all plan participants. As of January 1, 2023, the average future life expectancy of plan participants was years. 
 Expected asset return N/A N/A Assumed rate of future compensation increase N/A N/A Weighted-average interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 F-46 

of the December 31, 2021 projected benefit obligation. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 The Corporation expects to contribute thousand to the plan during 2023. Corporation contributions are equal to the benefit payments to plan participants. Funding requirements for subsequent years are uncertain and will significantly depend upon changes in assumptions used to calculate plan funding levels, the actual return on plan assets, changes in the employee groups covered by the plan, and any legislative or regulatory changes affecting plan funding requirements. For tax planning, financial planning, cash flow management or cost reduction purposes, the Corporation may increase, accelerate, decrease or delay contributions to the plan to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 The Corporation also sponsors a Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for certain current executive officers, which was initiated in 2012. The plan is unfunded as of December 31, 2022 and is intended to provide nonqualified deferred compensation benefits payable at retirement, disability, death or certain other events. The accrued obligation for the plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. A total of million and million was expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to each participants account being credited with the annual company contribution, each account will receive a quarterly interest credit that will be calculated based upon the average yield on five year U.S. Treasury Notes. 

(14) 
 
 , upon which time a new plan will be filed. Awards under the 2021 Plans may be vested no earlier than the first anniversary of the date on which the award is granted. Compensation expense for shares granted will be recognized over the vesting period of the award based upon average closing price of the Corporation's stock for each of the prior trading days ending on the grant date. 
 F-47 

and shares, respectively, were re-issued from treasury to fund stock compensation. The expense related to the grants was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. During January 2023 and 2022, and shares, respectively, were granted and re-issued from treasury to fund the stock component of the Directors' and the Chief Executive Officer s compensation. The Corporation recognized million of expense related to these grants in 2022. Due to the transition to the new Plan, there was no expenses recognized for these grants in 2021. For 2023 grants, the expense related to this compensation will be recognized over the vesting period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or Cancelled ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares granted under the prior Plan and the 2021 Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 

(15) 
 
 interest) or board members, were customers of, and had loans and other transactions with the Corporation. 
 New loans or additional advances Effect of changes in composition of related parties ) ) Repayments ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Bank leases its branch located at 1365 New Scotland Road, Slingerlands, New York, under a lease agreement through July 2024 from a former member of the Corporation's Board of Directors with monthly rent and CAM expenses totaling thousand per month. This Board member retired from the Corporation's Board of Directors as of June 7, 2022. Rent and CAM paid to this Board member while serving on the Board totaled thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Bank leases its branch located at 2 Rush Street, Schenectady, New York, under a lease agreement through February, 2033 from a member of the Corporation's Board of Directors with monthly rent and CAM expense totaling thousand per month. Rent and CAM paid to this Board member totaled thousand and thousand for the years ended December 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 WMG provided trust services to members of the Board of Directors, certain Corporation officers, and their immediate families directly, or through entities in which they are principal owners or board members. WMG fee income for the trust services provided totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-48 

(16) 
 
 Unused lines of credit Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to make real estate and home equity loans are generally made for periods of or less. As of December 31, 2022, the fixed rate real estate and home equity commitments to make loans have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from to . Commitments to fund commercial draw notes are generally made for periods of to . As of December 31, 2022, the fixed rate commercial draw commitments have interest rates ranging from to . 
 Because many commitments and almost all standby letters of credit expire without being funded in whole or in part, the contract amounts are not estimates of future cash flows. Loan commitments and unused lines of credit have off-balance sheet credit risk because only origination fees are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet until commitments are fulfilled or expire. The credit risk amounts are equal to the contractual amounts, assuming the amounts are fully advanced and collateral or other security is of no value. The Corporation does not anticipate losses as a result of these transactions. These commitments also have off-balance sheet interest rate risk in that the interest rate at which these commitments were made may not be at market rates on the date the commitments are fulfilled. 
 The Corporation has issued conditional commitments in the form of standby letters of credit to guarantee payment on behalf of a customer and guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit generally arise in connection with lending relationships. The credit risk involved in issuing these instruments is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Contingent obligations under standby letters of credit totaled million at December 31, 2022 and represent the maximum potential future payments the Corporation could be required to make. Typically, these instruments have terms of or less and expire unused; therefore, the total amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer is evaluated individually for creditworthiness under the same underwriting standards used for commitments to extend credit and on-balance sheet instruments. Corporation policies governing loan collateral apply to standby letters of credit at the time of credit extension. The carrying amount and fair value of the Corporation's standby letters of credit at December 31, 2022 was not significant. 
 In the normal course of business, there are various outstanding claims and legal proceedings involving the Corporation or its subsidiaries. The Corporation believes that it is not a party to any pending legal, arbitration, or regulatory proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on its financial results or liquidity. 
 
 F-49 

(17) 
 
 Investment in subsidiary - Chemung Canal Trust Company Investment in subsidiary - CFS Group, Inc. Investment in subsidiary - Chemung Risk Management, Inc. Dividends receivable from subsidiary bank Securities available for sale, at estimated fair value Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Dividends payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Interest and dividend income Non-interest income Non-interest expenses Income before impact of subsidiaries' undistributed earnings Equity in undistributed earnings of Chemung Canal Trust Company Equity in undistributed earnings of CFS Group, Inc. Equity in undistributed earnings of Chemung Risk Management, Inc. Income before income tax Income tax benefit ) ) Net income 
 F-50 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of Chemung Canal Trust Company ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of CFS Group, Inc. ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of Chemung Risk Management, Inc. ) ) Change in dividend receivable ) ) Change in other assets ) ) Change in other liabilities ) ) Expense related to employee stock compensation Expense related to restricted stock units directors' deferred compensation plan Expense to employee restricted stock awards Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flow from financing activities: Cash dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Sale of treasury stock Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(18) 
 
 F-51 

F-52 

Mortgage-backed securities, residential Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total available for sale securities Equity Investments Derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 Using Financial Assets: Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) U.S. treasury notes and bonds Mortgage-backed securities, residential Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds and notes SBA loan pools Total available for sale securities Equity investments Derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 
 There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the twelve month periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-53 

Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 
 Equity investments Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity FHLBNY and FRBNY stock N/A Loans, net and loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Deposits: Demand, savings, and insured money market accounts 
 Time deposits Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities 
 (1) Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 
 F-54 

Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 
 Equity investments Securities available for sale Securities held to maturity FHLBNY and FRBNY stock N/A Loans, net and loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Deposits: Demand, savings, and insured money market accounts 
 Time deposits Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities 
 (1) Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

(19) 
 
 F-55 

, subject to the capital requirements in the table below. During 2023, the Bank could, without prior approval, declare dividends of approximately million plus any 2023 net income retained to the date of the dividend declaration. 
 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank N/A N/A 
 Actual Minimum Capital Adequacy Minimal Capital Adequacy with Capital Buffer To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions As of December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank N/A N/A 
 
 F-56 

(20) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses on Securities Available for Sale Defined Benefit and Other Benefit Plans Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) 
 
 ) Other components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefits Actuarial losses (a) Other components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefits Tax effect ) 1 Income tax expense Total reclassification for the period, net of tax ) 
 (a) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other benefit plan costs (see Note 13 for additional information). 
 
 F-57 

(21) 
 
 primary business segments: core banking and WMG. The core banking segment provides revenues by attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds to originate consumer, commercial, commercial real estate, and residential mortgage loans, primarily in the Corporation s local markets, and to invest in securities. The WMG services segment provides revenues by providing trust and investment advisory services to clients. 
 Accounting policies for the segments are the same as those described in Note 1. Summarized financial information concerning the Corporation s reportable segments and the reconciliation to the Corporation s consolidated results are shown in the following table. Income taxes are allocated based on the separate taxable income of each entity and indirect overhead expenses are allocated based on reasonable and equitable allocations applicable to the reportable segment. 
 Interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Non-interest income Non-interest expenses Income (loss) before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Segment net income (loss) ) Segment assets 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Core Banking WMG Holding Company, CFS and CRM Consolidated Totals Interest and dividend income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Non-interest income Non-interest expenses Income (loss) before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Segment net income (loss) ) Segment assets 

F-58 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION DATED: MARCH 22, 2023 By: /s/ Anders M. Tomson Anders M. Tomson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 DATED: MARCH 22, 2023 By: /s/ Karl F. Krebs Karl F. Krebs, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been executed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Raimundo C. Archibold, Jr. Director March 22, 2023 Raimundo C. Archibold, Jr. /s/ Ronald M. Bentley Director March 22, 2023 Ronald M. Bentley /s/ David M. Buicko Director March 22, 2023 David M. Buicko /s/ David J. Dalrymple Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors March 22, 2023 David J. Dalrymple /s/ Robert H. Dalrymple Director March 22, 2023 Robert H. Dalrymple /s/ Richard E. Forrestel, Jr. Director March 22, 2023 Richard E. Forrestel, Jr. /s/ Denise V. Gonick Director March 22, 2023 Denise V. Gonick /s/ Stephen M. Lounsberry, III Director March 22, 2023 Stephen M. Lounsberry, III /s/ Joseph F. Meade, IV Director March 24, 2023 Joseph F. Meade, IV /s/ Jeffrey B. Streeter Director March 22, 2023 Jeffrey B. Streeter 
 (Signatures, continued) 
 F-59 

Signature Title Date /s/ G. Thomas Tranter, Jr. Director March 22, 2023 G. Thomas Tranter, Jr. /s/ Thomas R. Tyrrell Director March 22, 2023 Thomas R. Tyrrell /s/ Anders M. Tomson Chief Executive Officer and President March 22, 2023 Anders M. Tomson /s/ Karl F. Krebs Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 22, 2023 Karl F. Krebs 
 F-60 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit 
 The following exhibits are either filed with this Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference. The Corporation s Securities Exchange Act file number is 000-13888. 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation dated December 20, 1984 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and filed with the Commission on March 13, 2008). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation, dated March 28, 1988 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and filed with the Commission on March 13, 2008). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Chemung Financial Corporation, dated May 13, 1998 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and filed with the Commission on March 15, 2006). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chemung Financial Corporation, as amended August 17, 2022 (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Form 8-K and filed with the Commission on August 17, 2022). 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Description of Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed herewith (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020). 
 10.1 Chemung Financial Corporation 2014 Omnibus Plan and Component Plans (Chemung Financial Corporation Restricted Stock Plan, Chemung Financial Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan, Chemung Financial Corporation Directors Compensation Plan and Chemung Financial Corporation/Chemung Canal Trust Company Directors Deferred Fee Plan) (filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 to Registrant s Form S-8 filed with the Commssion on January 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Change of Control Agreement dated December 19, 2018 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Anders M. Tomson, President and Chief Executive Officer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 19, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Karl F. Krebs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Thomas W. Wirth, Executive Vice President (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Daniel D. Fariello, President of Capital Bank Division (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Change of Control Agreement dated December 18, 2019 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Loren D. Cole, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on March 12, 2020). 
 10.7 Change of Control Agreement dated January 4, 2021 between Chemung Canal Trust Company and Jeffrey P. Kenefick, Regional President (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Chemung Financial Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Consent Order between Chemung Canal Trust Company and the New York State Department of Financial Services dated June 24, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257227) filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Chemung Canal Trust Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022). 
 10.14 Chemung Canal Trust Company Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan-Amendment Number One, as amended on November 16, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 Certification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 19 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 Ce rtification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 19 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101.INS Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Filed herewith. 

<EX-21>
 2
 chmg10k123122exh21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 

CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

Subsidiary List 

Name State of Incorporation Chemung Canal Trust Company New York CFS Group, Inc. New York Chemung Risk Management, Inc. Nevada 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 chmg10k123122exh23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-104663, 333-201715 and 333-257227), Form S-3 (File No. 333-237854 and 333-185400) of Chemung Financial Corporation of our report dated March 22, 2023, related to the consolidated financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Chemung Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 
 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 chmg10k123122exh31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 I, Anders M. Tomson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Chemung Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 22, 2023 

By s Anders M. Tomson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 chmg10k123122exh31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND TREASURER OF CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 I, Karl F. Krebs, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Chemung Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 22, 2023 

By s Karl F. Krebs 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 chmg10k123122exh32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 19 U.S.C. 1350. 

The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of Chemung Financial Corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the period ended December 31, 2022, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 s Anders M. Tomson 
 Anders M. Tomson 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 chmg10k123122exh32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND TREASURER OF CHEMUNG FINANCIAL CORPORATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 19 U.S.C. 1350. 

The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Chemung Financial Corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 a) the annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the period ended December 31, 2022, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 s Karl F. Krebs 
 Karl F. Krebs 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 chmg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 chmg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 chmg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 chmg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 chmg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

